aardvark <> yerdo
aardwolf <> yer 
abaci <> Abacı
aback <> geri
aback <> geriy
aback <> kıç 
aback <> pupad
abacus <> abakü
abacus <> sütun
abacus <> sayı
abada <> Abada
abaft <> kıç
abaft <> kıç 
abaka <> Abaka
abalone <> deniz
abandon <> bırak
abandon <> coşku
abandon <> kendi
abandon <> kesme
abandon <> taşkı
abandon <> terke
abandon <> vazge
abandon <> yüzüs
abandoned <> ahlak
abandoned <> hayla
abandoned <> kulla
abandoned <> terke
abandoned <> uçarı
abandoning <> terk
abandonment <> bırak
abandonment <> terk
abandonment <> terke
abandonment <> vazge
abandonments <> vazge
abandons <> terk
abase <> aşağı
abase <> küçük
abase <> küçül
abasement <> aşağı
abasement <> alçal
abasement <> küçük
abasement <> küçül
abash <> bozma
abash <> gurur
abash <> utand
abashed <> bozul
abashed <> utanm
abashed <> yüzü
abassi <> Abass
abate <> azalm
abate <> azalt
abate <> dindi
abate <> geçme
abate <> hafif
abate <> yürür
abate <> yatış
abated <> hafif
abatement <> azalm
abatement <> azalt
abatement <> indir
abatement <> iptal
abatement <> yürür
abating <> azalm
abatis <> ağaç
abatis <> barik
abattoir <> kesim
abattoir <> mezba
abattoirs <> mezba
abaxial <> eksen
abay <> Abay
abaya <> Abaya
abbacies <> Emevi
abbacy <> başke
abbacy <> başra
abbatial <> Abbat
abbe <> ABBE
abbes <> Abbes
abbess <> başra
abbesses <> Abbes
abbey <> manas
abbeys <> manas
abbot <> başra
abbots <> Abbot
abbreviate <> kısal
abbreviated <> kısal
abbreviating <> kısal
abbreviation <> kısal
abbreviations <> kısal
abbs <> Abbs
abdicate <> çekil
abdicate <> el 
abdicate <> ferag
abdicating <> ferag
abdication <> çekil
abdication <> el 
abdomen <> karın
abdomens <> karın
abdominal <> abdom
abdominal <> karın
abdominally <> abdom
abdominals <> Karın
abdominopelvic <> abdom
abdominoplasty <> abdom
abdominoscrotal <> Abdom
abdominothoracic <> abdom
abducens <> abdus
abduct <> kaçır
abducted <> kaçır
abductee <> kaçır
abductees <> kaçır
abducting <> kaçır
abduction <> kaçır
abductions <> kaçır
abductor <> kaçır
abductors <> kaçır
abeam <> omurg
abecedarian <> alfab
abecedarian <> okuma
abecedarian <> temel
abed <> yatağ
abed <> yatak
abele <> akçak
abele <> akkav
abelian <> değiş
aberrance <> anorm
aberrance <> sapık
aberrancy <> anorm
aberrancy <> sapık
aberrant <> anorm
aberrant <> sapık
aberration <> abera
aberration <> sapık
aberration <> sapın
aberration <> sapıt
aberrations <> sapma
abet <> özend
abet <> suç
abet <> suç 
abet <> teşvi
abet <> yolda
abetment <> suç 
abetment <> suça
abetment <> yarda
abets <> deste
abetting <> yatak
abettor <> suç 
abettor <> yarda
abey <> Abey
abeyance <> askıd
abeyance <> sürün
abhor <> iğren
abhor <> nefre
abhorrence <> iğren
abhorrence <> nefre
abhorrent <> iğren
abhorrent <> nefre
abhors <> den
abidal <> Abida
abidance <> itaat
abide <> çekme
abide <> bekle
abide <> kalma
abide <> katla
abide <> uymak
abided <> uymal
abides <> uyar
abiding <> bitme
abiding <> sürek
abiding <> sonsu
abigail <> abiga
abigail <> nedim
abigail <> refak
abilities <> yeten
ability <> becer
ability <> güç
ability <> iktid
ability <> yeten
ability <> yeter
abiogenesis <> cansı
abiogenic <> abiyo
abiotic <> abiyo
abiotically <> cansı
abject <> aşağı
abject <> adi
abject <> rezil
abject <> sefil
abjection <> bayağ
abjection <> sefil
abjectly <> adice
abjectly <> alçak
abjectness <> bayağ
abjectness <> sefil
abjuration <> tövbe
abjuration <> yemin
abjure <> dönme
abjure <> tövbe
abjure <> yemin
ablactation <> memed
ablactation <> sütte
ablate <> baskı
ablated <> ablas
ablatio <> ablas
ablation <> ablas
ablation <> ameli
ablations <> ablas
ablatival <> -den
ablatival <> ablat
ablative <> -den
ablative <> ablat
ablaut <> ses
ablaut <> ses 
ablaze <> ışıl
ablaze <> ışılt
ablaze <> alev
ablaze <> alevl
ablaze <> pırıl
ablaze <> yanan
able <> İşte
able <> -ebil
able <> becer
able <> gücü
able <> yapab
able <> yeten
abled <> Engel
ablepharus <> Ablep
ablet <> akbal
abloom <> çiçek
ablush <> yüzü
ablution <> aptes
ablution <> boy
ablution <> boy 
ablution <> yıkan
ablutions <> abdes
ably <> becer
ably <> hüner
abnegate <> inkâr
abnegate <> redde
abnegate <> tanım
abnegate <> yadsı
abnegation <> fedak
abnegation <> ferag
abnegation <> inkâr
abnegation <> vazge
abnegation <> yadsı
abnormal <> anorm
abnormal <> olağa
abnormalities <> anorm
abnormality <> anorm
abnormality <> olağa
abnormally <> anorm
abnormity <> anorm
aboard <> atobü
aboard <> gemid
aboard <> gemiy
aboard <> trene
aboard <> uçağa
aboard <> uçakt
abode <> abode
abode <> ikame
abode <> konut
abode <> oturu
aboil <> harar
aboil <> kayna
abolish <> bozma
abolish <> feshe
abolish <> iptal
abolish <> kaldı
abolish <> ortad
abolished <> kaldı
abolishes <> kaldı
abolishing <> feshe
abolishing <> kaldı
abolishment <> kaldı
abolition <> feshe
abolition <> fesih
abolition <> iptal
abolition <> kaldı
abolition <> yürür
abolitionism <> kölel
abolitionism <> kaldı
abolitionist <> kölel
abolitionists <> Kölel
abomasal <> aboma
abomasum <> aboma
abominable <> berba
abominable <> iğren
abominable <> tiksi
abominate <> iğren
abominate <> nefre
abominate <> tiksi
abomination <> iğren
abomination <> nefre
abominations <> iğren
abondance <> ABOND
abonnement <> Abonn
aboriginal <> yerli
aborigines <> bitki
aborigines <> yöres
aborigines <> yerli
abort <> çocuk
abort <> başar
abort <> düşük
abort <> durdu
abort <> geliş
abort <> iptal
aborted <> başar
aborted <> boşa
aborted <> iptal
aborters <> düşük
abortifacient <> abort
abortifacient <> düşük
aborting <> durdu
abortion <> başar
abortion <> bebek
abortion <> düşük
abortion <> kürta
abortionist <> düşük
abortionist <> kürta
abortions <> düşük
abortive <> başar
abortive <> düşük
abortive <> erken
abortive <> kısır
abortive <> prema
abortive <> verim
aborts <> terke
abortuses <> tahli
aboulia <> irade
abound <> çok 
abound <> bol
abound <> bol 
abound <> dolu
abound <> kayna
abounding <> çok
abounding <> bol
abounding <> dolu
about <> üstün
about <> aşağı
about <> aksi
about <> dair
about <> etraf
about <> hakkı
about <> hemen
about <> ilgil
about <> konus
about <> orada
about <> takri
about <> yakla
above <> önce
above <> öte
above <> üstün
above <> üzeri
above <> cenne
above <> daha
above <> sözü
above <> yükse
above <> yukar
aboveground <> açık
aboveground <> topra
aboveground <> yeryü
abovementioned <> Yukar
abracadabra <> abrak
abracadabra <> anlam
abrade <> aşınd
abrade <> bilem
abrade <> sıyır
abraded <> abraz
abrader <> Aşınm
abrading <> aşınd
abram <> Avram
abrasion <> aşınd
abrasion <> aşınm
abrasion <> sıyır
abrasion <> sıyrı
abrasion <> yıpra
abrasion <> yenme
abrasions <> abraz
abrasive <> aşınd
abrasive <> sinir
abrasive <> törpü
abrasive <> taşla
abrasive <> yıpra
abrasiveness <> aşınd
abrasives <> aşınd
abraxas <> Abrax
abreact <> bastı
abreact <> dışa
abreaction <> abrea
abreaction <> dışa
abreast <> aynı
abreast <> yan
abreast <> yan 
abri <> Abri
abridge <> özetl
abridge <> kısal
abridge <> kısma
abridge <> mahru
abridged <> kısal
abridgement <> özet
abridgement <> özetl
abridgement <> kısal
abridgment <> özet
abridgment <> özetl
abridgment <> kısal
abris <> ABRIS
abroad <> Yurtd
abroad <> dışar
abroad <> etraf
abroad <> gurbe
abroad <> her 
abroad <> yurt
abrogate <> feshe
abrogate <> iptal
abrogate <> yürür
abrogated <> yürür
abrogates <> yürür
abrogating <> ortad
abrogation <> iptal
abrogation <> yürür
abrupt <> ani
abrupt <> bekle
abrupt <> dik
abrupt <> kaba
abrupt <> sarp
abrupt <> tutar
abruptio <> dekol
abruption <> dekol
abruptly <> anide
abruptly <> ansız
abruptly <> bekle
abruptly <> birde
abruptness <> anili
abruptness <> dikli
abruptness <> kabal
abruptness <> tutar
absarokite <> Absar
abscess <> çıban
abscess <> apse
abscessed <> apse
abscesses <> apse
abscise <> absis
abscisic <> absis
abscision <> absis
abscissa <> apsis
abscission <> kesil
abscission <> kesme
abscond <> alaca
abscond <> kaçıp
abscond <> kaçma
abscond <> kanun
absconder <> kaçak
absconding <> kaçma
abseiling <> İniş
abseils <> İniş
absence <> bulun
absence <> dalgı
absence <> gıyap
absence <> yoklu
absences <> devam
absent <> bulun
absent <> dalgı
absent <> devam
absent <> yok
absentee <> başka
absentee <> devam
absentee <> görev
absentee <> gelme
absenteeism <> devam
absenteeism <> işe 
absenteeism <> malın
absently <> dalgı
absentminded <> dalgı
absinth <> apsen
absinth <> pelin
absinthe <> apsen
absinthe <> pelin
absolute <> katış
absolute <> kayıt
absolute <> kesin
absolute <> mutlâ
absolute <> sınır
absolute <> saf
absolute <> salt
absolute <> tam
absolutely <> elbet
absolutely <> kesin
absolutely <> muhak
absolutely <> mutlâ
absolutely <> tamam
absolution <> günah
absolution <> suçun
absolutism <> mutlâ
absolutism <> saltç
absolutist <> mutlâ
absolve <> affet
absolve <> aklam
absolve <> bağış
absolve <> kurta
absolve <> temiz
absonant <> akla
absorb <> çekme
absorb <> özüms
absorb <> anlam
absorb <> devra
absorb <> emmek
absorb <> kavra
absorb <> yutma
absorbability <> emile
absorbable <> emile
absorbance <> absor
absorbances <> absor
absorbant <> emici
absorbed <> absor
absorbed <> dalmı
absorbed <> dikka
absorbency <> emici
absorbent <> emici
absorbents <> emici
absorber <> emici
absorbers <> emici
absorbing <> emici
absorbing <> ilgi
absorbing <> ilgin
absorbing <> sürük
absorbs <> emer
absorbtion <> dalma
absorbtion <> emilm
absorbtion <> emme
absorbtion <> içine
absorbtion <> kendi
absorbtions <> absor
absorptance <> soğur
absorptiometer <> absor
absorptiometry <> absor
absorption <> dalma
absorption <> emilm
absorption <> emme
absorption <> içine
absorption <> kendi
absorptions <> emme
absorptive <> emen
absorptive <> emici
absorptivity <> emici
abstain <> çekim
abstain <> içkid
abstain <> kaçın
abstain <> sakın
abstained <> çekim
abstainer <> içki
abstaining <> çekim
abstains <> kaçın
abstemious <> az 
abstemious <> kanaa
abstention <> çekim
abstention <> kaçın
abstention <> uzak
abstentionist <> çekim
abstentions <> çekim
abstinence <> içkid
abstinence <> kaçın
abstinence <> uzak
abstinent <> az 
abstinent <> kanaa
abstinent <> perhi
abstract <> çalma
abstract <> özet
abstract <> özetl
abstract <> aşırm
abstract <> abstr
abstract <> ayırm
abstract <> damıt
abstract <> kuram
abstract <> soyut
abstract <> teori
abstracted <> düşün
abstracted <> dalgı
abstracted <> soyut
abstractedly <> dalgı
abstractedness <> dalgı
abstracting <> soyut
abstraction <> çalma
abstraction <> ayırm
abstraction <> dalgı
abstraction <> soyut
abstractionist <> soyut
abstractions <> soyut
abstractly <> soyut
abstractness <> soyut
abstracts <> özetl
abstruse <> anlaş
abstruse <> derin
absurd <> abes
absurd <> anlam
absurd <> ipe 
absurd <> mantı
absurd <> olana
absurd <> saçma
absurdist <> absür
absurdities <> saçma
absurdity <> anlam
absurdity <> mantı
absurdity <> saçma
absurdly <> saçma
absurdness <> akıls
absurdness <> anlam
abundance <> berek
abundance <> bollu
abundance <> coşku
abundance <> serve
abundance <> taşkı
abundance <> zengi
abundances <> bollu
abundancies <> bollu
abundant <> çok
abundant <> berek
abundant <> bol
abundant <> dolu
abundant <> verim
abundantly <> bol
abundantly <> bol 
abundantly <> bolca
abuse <> kötü
abuse <> kötüy
abuse <> küfür
abuse <> küfre
abuse <> suist
abuse <> taciz
abuse <> tecâv
abused <> istis
abuser <> Suiis
abusers <> bağım
abuses <> ihlal
abusing <> kötüy
abusive <> ağzı
abusive <> hor 
abusive <> kötü
abusive <> kötüy
abusive <> küfür
abusive <> taciz
abut <> bitiş
abut <> dayan
abutment <> dayan
abutment <> köprü
abutment <> kemer
abutments <> abutm
abuttal <> dayan
abuttal <> köprü
abuttal <> kemer
abuttals <> arazi
abutter <> komşu
abutting <> bitiş
aby <> ABY
abys <> ABYS
abysm <> boşlu
abysm <> sonsu
abysm <> uçuru
abysmal <> çok 
abysmal <> berba
abysmal <> dipsi
abysmal <> sonsu
abyss <> boşlu
abyss <> derin
abyss <> uçuru
abyssal <> abisa
abysses <> uçuru
abyssopelagic <> Abiso
abzymes <> antij
acacia <> Arap
acacia <> akasy
acacias <> akasy
academia <> akade
academic <> akade
academic <> bilim
academic <> kuram
academic <> teori
academical <> akade
academical <> bilim
academical <> kuram
academical <> teori
academically <> akade
academicals <> akade
academician <> akade
academician <> eğiti
academicians <> Akade
academics <> akade
academies <> akade
academy <> Plato
academy <> akade
academy <> okul
academy <> yükse
acadia <> Acadi
acajou <> akaju
acalculous <> taşsı
acanthamoeba <> Acant
acanthine <> ısırg
acanthocytosis <> akant
acantholimon <> Acant
acantholysis <> akant
acanthosis <> akant
acanthurus <> Acant
acanthus <> kenge
acarbose <> akarb
acardiac <> akard
acari <> Acari
acaricidal <> akari
acaricides <> akari
acarid <> kene
acarina <> Acari
acarol <> Acaro
acaudal <> kuyru
accede <> iktid
accede <> kabul
accede <> razı
accede <> tahta
accede <> yönet
acceded <> katıl
acceder <> accéd
acceding <> katıl
accelerando <> accel
accelerando <> hızla
accelerant <> artır
accelerant <> hızla
accelerant <> pozit
accelerate <> çabuk
accelerate <> özend
accelerate <> canla
accelerate <> gaza
accelerate <> hız 
accelerate <> hızla
accelerated <> hızla
accelerates <> hızla
accelerating <> artan
accelerating <> hızla
acceleration <> hızla
acceleration <> ivme
acceleration <> sürat
accelerations <> ivmel
accelerator <> gaz 
accelerator <> hızla
accelerator <> sempa
accelerators <> hızla
accelerometer <> ivmeö
accelerometers <> ivmeö
accension <> artma
accension <> erişm
accension <> görev
accension <> katıl
accension <> tahta
accension <> ulaşm
accent <> önem
accent <> üzeri
accent <> şive
accent <> ağız
accent <> aksan
accent <> ayırı
accent <> vurgu
accented <> aksan
accents <> şive
accents <> aksan
accentuate <> üzeri
accentuate <> vurgu
accentuated <> vurgu
accentuates <> vurgu
accentuating <> vurgu
accentuation <> vurgu
accept <> üstle
accept <> almak
accept <> anlam
accept <> hazme
accept <> kabul
accept <> katla
accept <> onayl
acceptability <> kabul
acceptability <> uygun
acceptable <> elle
acceptable <> geçer
acceptable <> kabul
acceptable <> makbu
acceptable <> makul
acceptable <> uygun
acceptably <> kabul
acceptance <> üstle
acceptance <> aksep
acceptance <> alma
acceptance <> kabul
acceptance <> onama
acceptance <> onayl
acceptance <> tesli
acceptances <> kabul
acceptation <> anlam
acceptation <> kabul
acceptations <> kabul
accepted <> kabul
accepted <> makbu
accepted <> tanın
accepter <> aksep
accepter <> alıcı
accepter <> kabul
accepteth <> kabul
accepting <> kabul
acception <> kabul
acceptor <> aksep
acceptor <> alıcı
acceptor <> kabul
acceptors <> alıcı
accepts <> kabul
access <> bağla
access <> erişi
access <> erişm
access <> geçit
access <> giriş
access <> hasta
access <> kulla
access <> ulaşm
access <> yakla
accessability <> erişi
accessary <> akses
accessary <> suç
accessary <> suç 
accessary <> yardı
accessary <> yarda
accessed <> erişi
accesses <> kere
accessibility <> erişi
accessibility <> giriş
accessibility <> kolay
accessibility <> ulaşa
accessibility <> yakla
accessible <> bulun
accessible <> elde
accessible <> etkil
accessible <> giril
accessible <> kandı
accessible <> ulaşı
accessing <> erişi
accession <> artma
accession <> erişm
accession <> görev
accession <> katıl
accession <> tahta
accession <> ulaşm
accessions <> katıl
accessor <> AKSES
accessories <> akses
accessorize <> Acces
accessorized <> Akses
accessors <> Erişg
accessory <> akses
accessory <> eklen
accessory <> suç 
accessory <> yardı
accessory <> yarda
accidence <> morfo
accidence <> yapıb
accident <> araz
accident <> bekle
accident <> kaza
accident <> rastl
accident <> tesad
accidental <> kazar
accidental <> rastl
accidental <> tesad
accidentally <> kazar
accidentally <> rastl
accidentally <> tesad
accidentals <> Arıza
accidented <> arıza
accidently <> Yanlı
accidents <> kazal
accipiter <> Accip
acclaim <> övmek
acclaim <> alkış
acclaim <> beğen
acclaim <> ilan
acclaimed <> alkış
acclamation <> alkış
acclamation <> kabul
acclimatation <> Accli
acclimate <> alışm
acclimate <> havay
acclimate <> iklim
acclimate <> ortam
acclimation <> iklim
acclimation <> ortam
acclimatisation <> iklim
acclimatisation <> ortam
acclimatization <> iklim
acclimatization <> ortam
acclimatize <> alışm
acclimatize <> havay
acclimatize <> iklim
acclimatize <> ortam
acclimatized <> İklim
acclivitous <> eğiml
acclivity <> bayır
acclivity <> yokuş
accolade <> övgü
accolade <> şöval
accolade <> onurl
accolade <> rabıt
accolades <> övgül
accommodate <> alışm
accommodate <> alışt
accommodate <> bağda
accommodate <> kalac
accommodate <> sağla
accommodate <> uydur
accommodate <> uyum
accommodate <> uzlaş
accommodate <> yerle
accommodated <> accom
accommodates <> barın
accommodating <> accom
accommodating <> mezhe
accommodating <> uygun
accommodating <> uysal
accommodating <> uyuml
accommodation <> borç
accommodation <> bulma
accommodation <> kalac
accommodation <> konak
accommodation <> sağla
accommodation <> uyma
accommodation <> uyuşm
accommodation <> uyum
accommodation <> uzlaş
accommodation <> yatac
accommodations <> Konak
accommodations <> kalac
accommodations <> yatac
accommodative <> akomo
accomodation <> borç
accomodation <> bulma
accomodation <> kalac
accomodation <> konak
accomodation <> sağla
accomodation <> uyma
accomodation <> uyuşm
accomodation <> uyum
accomodation <> uzlaş
accomodation <> yatac
accomodations <> Konak
accomodations <> kalac
accomodations <> yatac
accompanied <> eşlik
accompanier <> bulun
accompanies <> eşlik
accompaniment <> akomp
accompaniment <> eşlik
accompaniment <> refak
accompanist <> akomp
accompanist <> eşlik
accompany <> aynı
accompany <> birli
accompany <> eşlik
accompany <> katıl
accompany <> refak
accompany <> yanın
accompanying <> berab
accompanying <> birli
accompanying <> eşlik
accomplice <> suç
accomplice <> suç 
accomplices <> suç
accomplish <> üstes
accomplish <> almak
accomplish <> başar
accomplish <> sonuç
accomplish <> yapma
accomplish <> yerin
accomplished <> başar
accomplished <> kusur
accomplished <> mükem
accomplished <> tam
accomplished <> yapıl
accomplishes <> gerçe
accomplishing <> başar
accomplishment <> başar
accomplishment <> becer
accomplishment <> tamam
accomplishment <> yapma
accomplishment <> yeten
accomplishments <> başar
accomplishments <> becer
accomplishments <> kabil
accomplishments <> yeten
accord <> ahenk
accord <> anlaş
accord <> bağda
accord <> birle
accord <> uymak
accord <> uyum
accord <> uzlaş
accord <> verme
accordance <> uygun
accordance <> uyum
accorded <> tanın
according <> göre
according <> uygun
accordingly <> bu 
accordingly <> göre
accordingly <> gereğ
accordion <> akord
accordionist <> akord
accordions <> akord
accords <> anlaş
accost <> asılm
accost <> sarkı
accost <> yakla
accost <> yanaş
accouchement <> doğum
accouchement <> loğus
accouchements <> Ulusa
accoucheur <> doğum
accoucheur <> ebe
accoucheuse <> doğum
accoucheuse <> ebe
account <> önem
account <> açıkl
account <> avlam
account <> banka
account <> gözüy
account <> göz 
account <> hesab
account <> hesap
account <> söyle
account <> sayma
account <> sebep
account <> yakal
account <> yarar
accountabilities <> mesul
accountability <> mesul
accountability <> sorum
accountable <> açıkl
accountable <> mesul
accountable <> sorum
accountancy <> muhas
accountancy <> sayma
accountant <> muhas
accountant <> sayma
accountants <> muhas
accountantship <> sayma
accounted <> muhas
accounting <> muhas
accounting <> sayma
accounts <> hesap
accoutred <> donan
accoutred <> teçhi
accoutrement <> donan
accoutrement <> teçhi
accoutrements <> donan
accoutrements <> teçhi
accra <> Accra
accredit <> atama
accredit <> atfet
accredit <> güven
accredit <> itiba
accredit <> yetki
accreditation <> akred
accreditations <> akred
accredited <> akred
accredited <> itiba
accredited <> resme
accrediting <> akred
accredits <> akred
accreditted <> akred
accrete <> artma
accrete <> katıl
accreted <> eklen
accretion <> arazi
accretion <> büyüm
accretion <> ilave
accretion <> katıl
accretionary <> yığış
accretive <> karlı
accrual <> çoğal
accrual <> artış
accrual <> büyüm
accrual <> tahak
accruals <> tahak
accrue <> çoğal
accrue <> artma
accrue <> büyüm
accrue <> payın
accrue <> tahak
accrued <> tahak
accruement <> tahak
accrues <> tahak
accruing <> tahak
acculturation <> kültü
accumulate <> birik
accumulate <> topla
accumulate <> yığma
accumulated <> birik
accumulates <> birik
accumulating <> birik
accumulation <> birik
accumulation <> topla
accumulation <> yığın
accumulations <> birik
accumulative <> birik
accumulative <> topla
accumulator <> akü
accumulator <> akümü
accumulators <> akümü
accuracies <> doğru
accuracy <> ayar
accuracy <> doğru
accuracy <> kesin
accuracy <> tamlı
accurate <> doğru
accurate <> kesin
accurate <> tam
accurately <> doğru
accurately <> kesin
accurately <> tam 
accurateness <> titiz
accursed <> berba
accursed <> iğren
accursed <> lanet
accursed <> melun
accursed <> uğurs
accurst <> berba
accurst <> iğren
accurst <> lanet
accurst <> uğurs
accusable <> suçla
accusation <> itham
accusation <> suçla
accusations <> suçla
accusative <> akuza
accusative <> ismin
accusatory <> suçla
accuse <> itham
accuse <> suçla
accused <> sanık
accuser <> suçla
accusers <> suçla
accuses <> suçlu
accusing <> itham
accusing <> sitem
accusing <> suçla
accusingly <> suçla
accustom <> alışt
accustomed <> alışı
accustomed <> alışk
accustomed <> alışm
ace <> as
ace <> beş 
ace <> bey
ace <> birin
ace <> birli
ace <> en 
ace <> karşı
ace <> yek
acellular <> asell
acenocoumarol <> aseno
acephalous <> başsı
acer <> acer
acer <> akçaa
acerbate <> acıla
acerbate <> huysu
acerbate <> sabrı
acerbity <> acılı
acerbity <> buruk
acerbity <> ekşil
acerbity <> huysu
acerbity <> tersl
acers <> ACerS
aces <> as
acesulfame <> asesü
acetabular <> aseta
acetabulum <> çanak
acetabulum <> aseta
acetal <> aseta
acetaldehyde <> aseta
acetalization <> aseta
acetals <> aseta
acetamide <> aseta
acetaminophen <> aseta
acetate <> aseta
acetate <> aseti
acetates <> aseta
acetazolamide <> aseta
acetic <> aseti
acetify <> ekşim
acetify <> ekşit
acetone <> aseto
acetones <> aseto
acetonitrile <> aseto
acetophenone <> aseto
acetyl <> aseti
acetylacetone <> aseti
acetylaspartate <> aseti
acetylated <> aseti
acetylation <> aseti
acetylator <> aseti
acetylators <> aseti
acetylcholine <> aseti
acetylcholinesterase <> aseti
acetylcysteine <> aseti
acetylene <> aseti
acetylenes <> Aseti
acetylglucosamine <> aseti
acetylhydrolase <> aseti
acetylsalicylate <> aseti
acetylsalicylic <> aseti
acetyltransferase <> aseti
acetyltransferases <> aseti
achaemenid <> Akama
achalasia <> akala
acharya <> Achar
ache <> ağrı
ache <> ağrım
ache <> acı
ache <> acıma
ache <> sızı
ache <> sızla
ache <> sancı
ached <> ağrıy
achene <> aken
achene <> kapçı
aches <> ağrıl
achievable <> başar
achieve <> başar
achieve <> elde
achieve <> erişm
achieve <> gerçe
achieve <> kazan
achieve <> meyda
achieve <> ulaşm
achieved <> elde
achievement <> başar
achievement <> eser
achievement <> kazan
achievements <> başar
achievements <> kahra
achievements <> yiğit
achiever <> başar
achievers <> başar
achieves <> elde
achieving <> elde
achillea <> Achil
achilleas <> Achil
achilles <> Aşil
aching <> ağrıl
aching <> ağrıy
aching <> acıma
aching <> acıya
achlorhydria <> aklor
achondrogenesis <> Akond
achondroplasia <> akond
achroite <> Akroy
achromat <> Achro
achromatic <> akrom
achromatic <> perde
achromatic <> renks
achromatopsy <> renk
achromic <> akrom
acicular <> iğnem
acid <> acı
acid <> asit
acid <> dokun
acid <> ekşi
acid <> lsd
acidemia <> aside
acidic <> asidi
acidification <> asitl
acidified <> asitl
acidify <> asitl
acidify <> ekşit
acidimetry <> asidi
acidity <> asidi
acidity <> ekşil
acidity <> ekşim
acidizing <> asitl
acidly <> ekşi
acidolysis <> asido
acidophilic <> asido
acidosis <> asido
acidotic <> asido
acids <> asitl
acidulated <> ekşic
acidulated <> mayho
acidulous <> acı
acidulous <> dokun
acidulous <> ekşic
acidulous <> mayho
aciduria <> asidü
acidy <> asitl
acinar <> asine
acinetobacter <> Acine
acini <> asinü
acipenser <> Acipe
acitretin <> Asitr
ackley <> Ackle
acknowledge <> alınd
acknowledge <> itira
acknowledge <> kabul
acknowledge <> onayl
acknowledge <> tanım
acknowledge <> teşek
acknowledged <> kabul
acknowledged <> tanın
acknowledgement <> alınd
acknowledgement <> borcu
acknowledgement <> kabul
acknowledgement <> onay
acknowledgement <> tanım
acknowledgement <> teşek
acknowledgements <> teşek
acknowledges <> kabul
acknowledging <> kabul
acknowledgment <> alınd
acknowledgment <> borcu
acknowledgment <> kabul
acknowledgment <> onay
acknowledgment <> tanım
acknowledgment <> teşek
acknowledgments <> teşek
aclinic <> meyil
acme <> buhra
acme <> doruk
acme <> kriz
acme <> zirve
acmite <> Akmit
acne <> akne
acne <> sivil
acneiform <> aknei
acockbill <> fişka
acolyte <> rahip
acolyte <> yardı
acolytes <> yardı
aconitase <> akoni
aconite <> itboğ
aconite <> kurtb
aconitine <> akoni
aconitum <> Aconi
acorn <> meşe
acorn <> palam
acorns <> meşe
acosta <> Acost
acoustic <> akust
acoustic <> ses
acoustic <> sesle
acoustical <> akust
acoustically <> akust
acousticians <> akust
acoustics <> akust
acoustics <> ses 
acoustics <> sesbi
acoustics <> yankı
acoustoelectric <> akust
acquaint <> bildi
acquaint <> bilgi
acquaint <> haber
acquaint <> tanıt
acquaintance <> bilgi
acquaintance <> tanış
acquaintance <> tanıd
acquaintance <> tanım
acquaintances <> eş 
acquaintances <> tanıd
acquaintanceship <> tanış
acquaintanceship <> tanıd
acquainted <> tanış
acquainting <> BH'li
acquiesce <> kabul
acquiesce <> karşı
acquiesce <> razı
acquiesced <> razı
acquiescence <> kabul
acquiescence <> rıza
acquiescence <> razı
acquiescence <> uysal
acquiescent <> kabul
acquiescent <> uysal
acquiescently <> karşı
acquiescently <> uysal
acquiescently <> yumuş
acquire <> edinm
acquire <> elde
acquire <> kazan
acquire <> sonra
acquired <> edini
acquired <> sonra
acquired <> zaman
acquirement <> edini
acquirement <> edinm
acquirement <> kazan
acquirement <> zaman
acquirer <> Alıcı
acquirers <> edini
acquires <> satın
acquiring <> edinm
acquisition <> edinm
acquisition <> kütüp
acquisition <> kazan
acquisition <> müzey
acquisitions <> devra
acquisitive <> açgöz
acquisitive <> para
acquisitive <> parag
acquisitiveness <> para
acquisitiveness <> parag
acquit <> ödeme
acquit <> aklam
acquit <> ayrıc
acquit <> beraa
acquit <> muaf
acquit <> suçsu
acquit <> temiz
acquited <> beraa
acquits <> beraa
acquittal <> beraa
acquittal <> temiz
acquittal <> yapma
acquittal <> yerin
acquittals <> beraa
acquittance <> ödeme
acquittance <> borcu
acquittance <> ibran
acquitted <> beraa
acquitting <> beraa
acral <> akral
acrania <> akran
acre <> acre
acre <> arazi
acreage <> arazi
acreage <> yüzöl
acres <> dönüm
acrid <> acı
acrid <> buruk
acrid <> keski
acrid <> sert
acridines <> akrid
acridity <> buruk
acridity <> keski
acriflavine <> akrif
acriflavine <> antis
acrimonious <> hırçı
acrimonious <> huysu
acrimonious <> ters
acrimoniously <> hırçı
acrimoniously <> ter 
acrimony <> hırçı
acrimony <> huysu
acrimony <> tersl
acro <> akro
acrobat <> akrob
acrobat <> camba
acrobatic <> akrob
acrobatical <> akrob
acrobatics <> akrob
acrobatics <> camba
acrobats <> akrob
acrocentric <> akros
acrocephalus <> Acroc
acrochordon <> Akrok
acrodermatitis <> akrod
acrokeratosis <> akrok
acrolein <> akrol
acromegalic <> akrom
acromegaly <> akrom
acromiale <> akrom
acromioclavicular <> akrom
acromion <> akrom
acron <> ACRON
acronym <> baş 
acronym <> kısal
acronyms <> kısal
acrophobia <> akrof
acrophobia <> yükse
acropigmentation <> akrop
acropolis <> akrop
acropolis <> iç 
acropora <> Acrop
acrosclerosis <> Akros
acrosome <> akroz
across <> çapra
across <> öbür
across <> üstün
across <> geniş
across <> içind
across <> karşı
across <> ortas
acrostic <> akros
acryl <> akril
acrylamide <> akril
acrylate <> akril
acrylates <> akril
acrylic <> akril
acrylics <> akril
acrylonitrile <> akril
acrylonitriles <> akril
acryloyl <> akril
act <> amel
act <> cinse
act <> davra
act <> etki
act <> eylem
act <> fiil
act <> görev
act <> harek
act <> kanun
act <> numar
act <> oynam
act <> oyun
act <> perde
act <> resmi
act <> rol
act <> rol 
act <> yasa
acted <> harek
actin <> aktin
actine <> aktin
acting <> davra
acting <> harek
acting <> oynam
acting <> oyun
acting <> oyunc
acting <> sahne
acting <> temsi
acting <> vekâl
acting <> yapan
actinia <> Actin
actinic <> aktin
actinide <> aktin
actinides <> Aktin
actinidia <> Actin
actinin <> aktin
actinium <> aktin
actinoid <> aktin
actinolite <> aktin
actinometers <> aktin
actinomycetales <> Actin
actinomycetes <> aktin
actinomycin <> aktin
actinomycosis <> aktin
action <> çalış
action <> çarpı
action <> amel
action <> dava
action <> davra
action <> etki
action <> etkil
action <> eylem
action <> faali
action <> harek
action <> olayl
actionable <> dava
actional <> fiili
actioner <> aksiy
actions <> eylem
actium <> Actiu
activate <> aktif
activate <> etkin
activate <> harek
activate <> kurma
activated <> aktiv
activates <> aktiv
activating <> aktiv
activation <> aktif
activation <> etkin
activation <> harek
activations <> aktiv
activator <> aktiv
activators <> aktiv
active <> çalış
active <> üretk
active <> aktif
active <> canlı
active <> enerj
active <> etken
active <> etkin
active <> faal
active <> harek
active <> işley
active <> kıvra
actively <> aktif
actives <> Aktif
activex <> Activ
activin <> aktiv
activism <> aktiv
activist <> eylem
activists <> aktiv
activities <> etkin
activities <> faali
activity <> etkin
activity <> eylem
activity <> faali
activity <> harek
activity <> iş
acton <> Acton
actons <> Acton
actor <> aktör
actor <> erkek
actor <> katıl
actor <> oyunc
actors <> aktör
actress <> aktri
actress <> kadın
actresses <> aktri
acts <> Havar
acts <> Yeni
acts <> eylem
actual <> şimdi
actual <> aktüe
actual <> asıl
actual <> fiili
actual <> günce
actual <> gerçe
actual <> mevcu
actualisation <> gerçe
actualise <> gerçe
actualised <> fiili
actualises <> gerçe
actualism <> Aktüa
actualite <> Actua
actualites <> Actua
actualities <> gerçe
actuality <> aktüa
actuality <> günce
actuality <> gerçe
actualization <> gerçe
actualize <> gerçe
actualized <> hayat
actualizes <> gerçe
actualizing <> gerçe
actually <> aslın
actually <> doğru
actually <> fiile
actually <> gerçe
actually <> sahi
actually <> sahid
actuals <> fiili
actuarial <> aktüe
actuarial <> sigor
actuaries <> aktüe
actuary <> aktüe
actuary <> sigor
actuate <> çalış
actuate <> harek
actuate <> işlet
actuated <> çalış
actuating <> tahri
actuation <> çalış
actuation <> harek
actuator <> çalış
actuator <> işlet
actuators <> aktüa
acuities <> keski
acuity <> keski
acuity <> sivri
acuity <> zekâ
aculeate <> sivri
acumen <> çabuk
acumen <> sezgi
acumen <> zekâ
acuminata <> akümi
acuminate <> akumi
acupoint <> akupu
acupuncture <> akupu
acupuncturist <> akupu
acupuncturists <> akupu
acus <> Acus
acustica <> Acust
acute <> şidde
acute <> aşırı
acute <> akut
acute <> dar
acute <> ilerl
acute <> keski
acute <> sivri
acutely <> akut
acuteness <> çabuk
acuteness <> şidde
acuteness <> keski
acuteness <> zekâ
acyanotic <> asiya
acyclic <> asikl
acyclovir <> asikl
acyl <> açil
acylamino <> Asila
acylated <> asill
acylation <> açila
acylcarnitine <> açilk
acyltransferase <> açilt
ad <> duyur
ad <> ilan
ad <> reklâ
ad <> rekla
adage <> özdey
adage <> atasö
adagietto <> Adagi
adagio <> ağır
adagio <> adaci
adagios <> Adagi
adamant <> çok 
adamant <> hoşgö
adamant <> sert
adamantine <> çok 
adamantine <> sarsı
adamantly <> ısrar
adamellite <> Adame
adamite <> Adami
adamsite <> Adamz
adapt <> adapt
adapt <> aktar
adapt <> alınt
adapt <> uyarl
adapt <> uydur
adapt <> uymak
adaptabilities <> adapt
adaptability <> adapt
adaptability <> uyma
adaptability <> uyum
adaptable <> uyabi
adaptable <> uyarl
adaptable <> uydur
adaptable <> uygun
adaptation <> adapt
adaptation <> aktar
adaptation <> alınt
adaptation <> intib
adaptation <> uyarl
adaptation <> uygun
adaptation <> uyma
adaptational <> adapt
adaptations <> uyarl
adapted <> adapt
adapted <> uyarl
adapter <> adapt
adapter <> ara 
adapter <> uyarl
adapters <> adapt
adapting <> adapt
adaption <> adapt
adaptions <> adapt
adaptive <> adapt
adaptive <> uyabi
adaptively <> uyarl
adaptor <> adapt
adaptor <> ara 
adaptor <> uyarl
adaptors <> adapt
adapts <> uyarl
add <> artır
add <> eklem
add <> ilave
add <> karış
add <> katma
add <> topla
addax <> Addax
added <> önce
added <> ekli
added <> katıl
added <> katma
addend <> $
addendum <> ek
addendum <> ilave
addendums <> zeyil
adder <> enger
adders <> topla
addict <> alışm
addict <> alışt
addict <> bağım
addict <> düşkü
addict <> merak
addict <> tirya
addicted <> bağım
addicted <> düşkü
addicted <> merak
addicted <> tirya
addiction <> alışm
addiction <> bağım
addiction <> düşkü
addiction <> tirya
addiction <> tutku
addictions <> bağım
addictive <> alışk
addictive <> bağım
addictiveness <> bağım
addictives <> bağım
addicts <> bağım
adding <> eklem
adding <> katma
addition <> Ayrıc
addition <> artış
addition <> ek
addition <> eklem
addition <> eklen
addition <> ilave
addition <> katıl
addition <> katkı
addition <> katma
addition <> topla
addition <> zam
additional <> ek
additional <> ekstr
additional <> fazla
additional <> ilave
additional <> katma
additionally <> ayrıc
additionally <> bunda
additionally <> ilave
additionals <> katkı
additions <> Yükle
additive <> eklen
additive <> katıl
additive <> katkı
additives <> katkı
additivity <> topla
addle <> şaşır
addle <> bozuk
addle <> bozul
addle <> cılk
addle <> kafa
addle <> kafas
addle <> kokma
addle <> kokmu
addled <> şaşkı
addled <> cılk
addled <> kafas
address <> adres
address <> becer
address <> dilek
address <> gönde
address <> hüner
address <> hitab
address <> hitap
address <> konuş
address <> nutuk
address <> söyle
address <> tavır
addressability <> adres
addressable <> adres
addressed <> ele
addressee <> alıcı
addressees <> adres
addresses <> adres
addresses <> kur
addresses <> kur 
addressing <> adres
adds <> ekler
adduce <> göste
adduce <> ileri
adduce <> verme
adduced <> ileri
adducin <> addus
adduct <> yakla
adduction <> addük
adduction <> yakla
adductor <> adduk
adelantado <> Adela
adelite <> Adeli
adelphia <> Adelp
adenine <> adeni
adenitis <> adeni
adenocarcinoma <> adeno
adenocarcinomas <> adeno
adenoid <> bezel
adenoid <> lenf
adenoidectomy <> adeno
adenoids <> lenf
adenomas <> adeno
adenomatous <> adeno
adenomyoma <> adeno
adenomyosis <> adeno
adenopathy <> adeno
adenosarcoma <> adeno
adenosine <> adeno
adenosis <> adeno
adenosquamous <> adeno
adenosyl <> adeno
adenotonsillectomy <> adeno
adenovirus <> Adeno
adenoviruses <> adeno
adenyl <> adeni
adenylate <> adeni
adenylyl <> adeni
adept <> üstâd
adept <> becer
adept <> ehil
adept <> mahir
adept <> usta
adept <> uzman
adepts <> üstad
adeptship <> adept
adequacies <> yeter
adequacy <> uygun
adequacy <> yeter
adequate <> elver
adequate <> uygun
adequate <> yeter
adequately <> lâyık
adequately <> yeter
adequateness <> yeter
ades <> Ades
adhere <> bağlı
adhere <> bağla
adhere <> bitiş
adhere <> katıl
adhere <> uygun
adhere <> yapış
adhered <> yapış
adherence <> bağlı
adherence <> uyma
adherence <> vefa
adherence <> yapış
adherent <> bağlı
adherent <> taraf
adherent <> yanda
adherent <> yapış
adherents <> taraf
adheres <> yapış
adhering <> yapış
adhesin <> Adhes
adhesins <> adhez
adhesion <> bağlı
adhesion <> yapış
adhesions <> yapış
adhesive <> bağlı
adhesive <> sadık
adhesive <> tutka
adhesive <> yapış
adhesive <> zamk
adhesively <> Yapış
adhesiveness <> yapış
adhesives <> yapış
adiabat <> adyab
adiabatic <> adyab
adiabatically <> adyab
adiathermal <> ısı
adiathermal <> ısı 
adieu <> Allah
adieu <> elved
adieu <> hoşça
adieus <> veda
adieux <> veda
adinole <> Adino
adipate <> adipa
adipic <> adipi
adipocere <> adipo
adipocere <> ceset
adipocyte <> adipo
adipocytes <> adipo
adipose <> etin
adipose <> yağ
adipose <> yağlı
adiposity <> şişma
adiposity <> yağlı
adit <> galer
adit <> giriş
adit <> tünel
adits <> galer
adjacencies <> çevre
adjacencies <> civar
adjacencies <> dolay
adjacencies <> etraf
adjacency <> bitiş
adjacency <> civar
adjacency <> yakın
adjacent <> bitiş
adjacent <> komşu
adjacent <> yakın
adjacents <> komşu
adjectival <> sıfat
adjective <> önad
adjective <> bağlı
adjective <> biçim
adjective <> sıfat
adjective <> sabit
adjective <> tabi
adjectives <> sıfat
adjoin <> bitiş
adjoin <> eklem
adjoin <> katma
adjoin <> yan
adjoin <> yan 
adjoined <> bitiş
adjoined <> ekli
adjoined <> katıl
adjoining <> bitiş
adjoining <> yan 
adjoins <> bitiş
adjoints <> adjoi
adjourn <> dağıl
adjourn <> ertel
adjourn <> geçme
adjourn <> gecik
adjourn <> son 
adjourn <> sonra
adjourned <> ertel
adjournment <> ertel
adjournment <> gecik
adjournment <> oturu
adjournments <> ertel
adjudge <> hüküm
adjudge <> hükmü
adjudge <> hükme
adjudge <> karar
adjudge <> mahku
adjudge <> verme
adjudged <> çözül
adjudicate <> hüküm
adjudicate <> hükmü
adjudicate <> hakem
adjudicate <> ihale
adjudicate <> karar
adjudicate <> yargı
adjudicated <> karar
adjudication <> hüküm
adjudication <> karar
adjudications <> İhale
adjudicative <> hükme
adjudicator <> hakem
adjudicator <> hakim
adjudicator <> yargı
adjudicators <> hakem
adjunct <> ek
adjunct <> ikinc
adjunct <> ilave
adjunct <> nitel
adjunct <> tamam
adjunct <> yardı
adjunctive <> birle
adjunctive <> ek
adjuncts <> katkı
adjuration <> ant
adjuration <> dilek
adjuration <> istek
adjuration <> rica
adjuration <> yalva
adjuration <> yemin
adjure <> rica
adjure <> yalva
adjure <> yemin
adjust <> alışm
adjust <> alışt
adjust <> ayarl
adjust <> belir
adjust <> düzel
adjust <> halle
adjust <> uydur
adjustability <> Ayar
adjustable <> ayarl
adjustables <> edilm
adjusted <> düzel
adjuster <> ayarl
adjuster <> düzel
adjuster <> dispe
adjuster <> tasfi
adjusters <> yapan
adjusting <> ayar
adjusting <> ayarl
adjustment <> alışm
adjustment <> ayar
adjustment <> ayarl
adjustment <> düzel
adjustment <> dispe
adjustment <> halle
adjustment <> uydur
adjustments <> ayarl
adjustor <> ayarl
adjusts <> ayarl
adjutancy <> yaver
adjutant <> emir
adjutant <> yaver
adjuvant <> adjuv
adjuvants <> adjuv
adlib <> AdLib
adman <> reklâ
admass <> reklâ
admin <> admin
admin <> idare
admin <> yönet
administer <> ettir
administer <> hizme
administer <> idare
administer <> uygul
administer <> verdi
administer <> verme
administer <> yönet
administered <> idare
administering <> yönet
administers <> idare
administrate <> idare
administrate <> yönet
administrated <> yonet
administrates <> yönet
administrating <> idare
administration <> bakan
administration <> ettir
administration <> hüküm
administration <> idare
administration <> uygul
administration <> yönet
administration <> yerin
administrational <> idari
administrations <> idare
administrative <> idari
administrative <> yönet
administratively <> idari
administrator <> idare
administrator <> müdür
administrator <> vasi
administrator <> vekil
administrator <> yönet
administrators <> yönet
administratrix <> kadın
admins <> yönet
adminstration <> bakan
adminstration <> ettir
adminstration <> hüküm
adminstration <> idare
adminstration <> uygul
adminstration <> yönet
adminstration <> yerin
adminstrative <> idari
adminstrative <> yönet
admirable <> beğen
admirable <> hayra
admirable <> takdi
admiral <> amira
admiral <> bir 
admiral <> orami
admirals <> amira
admiralty <> amira
admiralty <> deniz
admiration <> beğen
admiration <> hayra
admiration <> takdi
admirations <> beğen
admire <> çok 
admire <> hayra
admire <> takdi
admired <> hayra
admirer <> aşık
admirer <> hayra
admirers <> hayra
admires <> hayra
admiring <> beğen
admiring <> hayra
admiringly <> beğen
admiringly <> hayra
admissability <> kabul
admissable <> dinle
admissable <> geçer
admissable <> kabul
admissibility <> kabul
admissible <> dinle
admissible <> geçer
admissible <> kabul
admission <> emme
admission <> giriş
admission <> girme
admission <> itira
admission <> kabul
admission <> katıl
admissions <> Kabul
admit <> almak
admit <> içeri
admit <> itira
admit <> kabul
admit <> meyda
admits <> itira
admittance <> giriş
admittance <> kabul
admittances <> Başvu
admitted <> herke
admitted <> itira
admitted <> kabul
admittedly <> hiç
admittedly <> hiç 
admittedly <> kabul
admitting <> itira
admix <> karış
admixed <> karış
admixture <> karış
admixture <> katma
admixtures <> Katkı
admonish <> azarl
admonish <> ihtar
admonish <> tembi
admonish <> uyarm
admonished <> ibret
admonishment <> Uyara
admonition <> öğüt
admonition <> ihtar
admonition <> tembi
admonition <> uyarı
admonitions <> tembi
admonitory <> uyarı
adnexa <> adnek
adnexal <> adnek
ado <> gürül
ado <> patır
ado <> telaş
adobe <> kerpi
adobes <> Adobe
adolescence <> büyüm
adolescence <> delik
adolescence <> gençl
adolescences <> adole
adolescent <> delik
adolescent <> genç
adolescent <> yeniy
adolescents <> ergen
adonis <> Adoni
adonis <> yakış
adonis <> züppe
adopt <> çalma
adopt <> benim
adopt <> evlât
adopt <> kabul
adopt <> nüfus
adopt <> sahip
adopt <> seçme
adoptant <> temel
adopted <> benim
adopted <> evlat
adopted <> kabul
adoptee <> evlat
adopter <> benim
adopters <> benim
adopting <> benim
adoption <> alma
adoption <> benim
adoption <> evlât
adoption <> kabul
adoption <> nüfus
adoptions <> evlat
adoptive <> evlat
adopts <> kabul
adorable <> çok
adorable <> çok 
adorable <> tapıl
adoral <> Adora
adoration <> aşk
adoration <> hayra
adoration <> tapın
adoration <> tapma
adore <> adore
adore <> bayıl
adore <> bitme
adore <> delic
adore <> tapın
adore <> tapma
adored <> bayıl
adorer <> aşık
adorer <> tapan
adoring <> aşk 
adoring <> sevgi
adorn <> bezem
adorn <> güzel
adorn <> renk
adorn <> süsle
adorned <> süsle
adorning <> süsle
adornment <> dekor
adornment <> donat
adornment <> güzel
adornment <> süs
adornment <> süsle
adornments <> süsle
adorns <> süslü
ados <> ADOS
adrenal <> adren
adrenal <> böbre
adrenalectomized <> adren
adrenalectomy <> adren
adrenalin <> adren
adrenaline <> adren
adrenalize <> Adren
adrenalized <> Adren
adrenals <> adren
adrenarche <> adren
adrenergic <> adren
adrenoceptor <> adren
adrenocortical <> adren
adrenocorticotrophic <> Adren
adrenocorticotropic <> adren
adrenocorticotropin <> adren
adrenoleukodystrophy <> adren
adrenomyeloneuropathy <> Adren
adrenoreceptor <> adren
adriamycin <> adria
adriatic <> Adriy
adrift <> akınt
adrift <> başıb
adrift <> kendi
adrift <> rüzgâ
adrift <> serse
adroit <> becer
adroit <> eli 
adroit <> usta
adroitly <> ustac
adroitly <> ustal
adroitness <> becer
adroitness <> el
adroitness <> el 
adroitness <> hüner
adry <> Ağrı
ads <> rekla
adsorb <> adsor
adsorb <> emmek
adsorbable <> Adsor
adsorbate <> adsor
adsorbed <> adsor
adsorbent <> emici
adsorbents <> adsor
adsorber <> Adsor
adsorbing <> adsor
adsorbs <> adsor
adsorption <> adsor
adsorption <> emme
adsorptions <> salıv
adsorptive <> adsor
adsum <> adsum
adsum <> burad
adsum <> mevcu
adularia <> Adula
adulate <> dalka
adulate <> pohpo
adulate <> yalta
adulation <> dalka
adulation <> pohpo
adulation <> yalta
adulation <> yaran
adulator <> dalka
adulator <> yalak
adulator <> yaran
adulatory <> dalka
adulatory <> yalak
adulatory <> yalta
adulatory <> yaran
adult <> büyüm
adult <> ergin
adult <> erişk
adult <> reşit
adult <> yetiş
adulterant <> karış
adulterate <> bozma
adulterate <> seyre
adulterate <> yaban
adulterated <> karış
adulteration <> hile
adulteration <> karış
adulteration <> seyre
adulterations <> Tağşi
adulterer <> aldat
adulterer <> zina
adulterers <> zina
adulteress <> aldat
adulteress <> zina
adulterous <> eşini
adulterous <> zina
adultery <> eşini
adultery <> zina
adulthood <> ergin
adulthood <> reşit
adulthood <> yetiş
adults <> Yetiş
adumbrate <> dokun
adumbrate <> hisse
adumbrate <> ima 
adumbrate <> sezdi
adumbrate <> tasla
adumbration <> dokun
adumbration <> ima
adumbration <> sezdi
advance <> öncü
advance <> öne 
advance <> artış
advance <> artma
advance <> atılı
advance <> atama
advance <> avans
advance <> avant
advance <> geliş
advance <> ileri
advance <> ilerl
advance <> peşin
advance <> yükse
advanced <> öncü
advanced <> geliş
advanced <> ileri
advanced <> ilerl
advanced <> moder
advancement <> geliş
advancement <> ilerl
advancement <> terfi
advancement <> yükse
advancements <> geliş
advancer <> Advan
advances <> asılm
advances <> geliş
advances <> sırna
advancing <> ilerl
advantage <> çıkar
advantage <> üstün
advantage <> avant
advantage <> fayda
advantage <> menfa
advantaged <> avant
advantageous <> avant
advantageous <> fayda
advantageous <> kârlı
advantageous <> yarar
advantageously <> avant
advantages <> avant
advection <> advek
advent <> İsa'n
advent <> Noel
advent <> adven
advent <> gelip
advent <> gelme
adventist <> İsa'n
adventist <> Adven
adventists <> Adven
adventitia <> adven
adventitial <> adven
adventitious <> şans
adventitious <> bekle
adventitious <> dışta
adventitious <> tesad
adventive <> adven
adventure <> atılm
adventure <> macer
adventure <> risk
adventure <> riske
adventure <> serüv
adventure <> spekü
adventure <> tehli
adventure <> vurgu
adventure <> yelte
adventurer <> dolan
adventurer <> macer
adventurer <> serüv
adventurer <> spekü
adventurer <> vurgu
adventurers <> macer
adventures <> macer
adventuresome <> atılg
adventuresome <> cesur
adventuresome <> gözüp
adventuress <> dolan
adventuress <> macer
adventuress <> serüv
adventuress <> spekü
adventuring <> Serüv
adventurism <> macer
adventurism <> serüv
adventurist <> macer
adventurists <> macer
adventurous <> cüret
adventurous <> cesar
adventurous <> cesur
adventurous <> gözüp
adventurous <> macer
adventurous <> riskl
adventurous <> tehli
adventurously <> cesar
adventurousness <> macer
adverb <> belir
adverb <> zarf
adverbial <> zarf
adverbials <> zarfl
adverbs <> zarfl
adversarial <> nizal
adversaries <> düşma
adversary <> şeyta
adversary <> düşma
adversary <> hasım
adversary <> iblis
adversary <> karşı
adversary <> muhal
adversary <> rakip
adversative <> aksi
adversative <> karşı
adverse <> aksi
adverse <> aleyh
adverse <> karşı
adverse <> ters
adverse <> zıt
adversely <> olums
adversities <> olums
adversity <> şanss
adversity <> güçlü
adversity <> sıkın
adversity <> zorlu
advert <> bahse
advert <> değin
advert <> duyur
advert <> ilan
advert <> reklâ
advertise <> duyur
advertise <> ilan
advertise <> reklâ
advertise <> tanıt
advertised <> rekla
advertisement <> Filmi
advertisement <> duyur
advertisement <> ilan
advertisement <> reklâ
advertisements <> rekla
advertiser <> Rekla
advertiser <> ilanc
advertiser <> reklâ
advertisers <> rekla
advertises <> tanıt
advertising <> duyur
advertising <> ilan
advertising <> reklâ
advertising <> rekla
advertisings <> rekla
advertize <> duyur
advertize <> ilan
advertize <> reklâ
advertize <> tanıt
advertizing <> rekla
advertorials <> adver
adverts <> Rekla
advice <> öğüt
advice <> akıl
advice <> danış
advice <> fikir
advice <> nasih
advice <> tavsi
advice <> uyarı
advices <> tavsi
advisability <> tavsi
advisability <> uygun
advisable <> akla
advisable <> tavsi
advisable <> uygun
advise <> öğüt
advise <> öğütl
advise <> akıl
advise <> bildi
advise <> fikir
advise <> haber
advise <> nasih
advise <> tavsi
advise <> uyarm
advised <> düşün
advised <> iyice
advised <> tavsi
advised <> tedbi
advisedly <> düşün
advisedly <> iyice
advisements <> tavsi
adviser <> akıl
adviser <> danış
adviser <> müşav
advisers <> danış
advises <> tavsi
advising <> danış
adviso <> Advis
advisor <> danış
advisor <> müşav
advisories <> uyarı
advisors <> danış
advisory <> akıl
advisory <> danış
advisory <> tavsi
advocaat <> Advoc
advocacy <> avuka
advocacy <> müdaf
advocacy <> savun
advocacy <> taraf
advocate <> avuka
advocate <> deste
advocate <> müdaf
advocate <> savun
advocate <> taraf
advocate <> yanda
advocated <> savun
advocates <> savun
advocating <> savun
advocators <> Elçil
adz <> ADZ
adze <> keser
adze <> maran
adzes <> keser
aedes <> Aedes
aegilops <> Aegil
aegirine <> Ejiri
aegis <> kalka
aegis <> korum
aegis <> siper
aeneid <> Aenei
aeolian <> rüzgâ
aeolic <> Aiol
aeolipile <> Aeoli
aeolus <> Aeolu
aeon <> çok 
aeon <> ebedi
aeon <> evren
aeon <> sonsu
aeons <> eonla
aerate <> gaz 
aerate <> hava
aerate <> haval
aerated <> haval
aerates <> haval
aerating <> haval
aeration <> haval
aerator <> haval
aerators <> haval
aerial <> anten
aerial <> hava
aerial <> havai
aerial <> hayal
aerialist <> akrob
aerialist <> ip 
aerialist <> trape
aerials <> anten
aerie <> karta
aerie <> teped
aerie <> yükse
aero <> havac
aero <> uçak
aero <> uçakl
aeroacoustics <> Aeroa
aeroallergens <> aeroa
aeroballistic <> havab
aerobatic <> hava
aerobatic <> uçak
aerobatics <> hava
aerobatics <> uçak
aerobe <> aerob
aerobes <> aerop
aerobic <> aerob
aerobically <> aerob
aerobics <> aerob
aerobiology <> Aerob
aerobrake <> Aerob
aerobus <> Aerob
aerococcus <> Aeroc
aerodrome <> havaa
aerodrome <> haval
aerodynamic <> aerod
aerodynamical <> aerod
aerodynamically <> aerod
aerodynamics <> aerod
aerodyne <> havad
aeroelastic <> aeroe
aeroelasticity <> Aeroe
aeroflot <> Aerof
aerofoil <> kanat
aerogel <> köpük
aerogram <> telsi
aerolite <> aerol
aerolite <> gökta
aerolite <> meteo
aerologic <> AeroL
aerology <> aerol
aerology <> hava
aerology <> meteo
aeromagnetic <> aerom
aeromarine <> Aerom
aerometer <> aerom
aerometer <> hava
aeromonas <> Aerom
aeronaut <> balon
aeronautic <> havac
aeronautical <> havac
aeronautics <> havac
aeroplane <> uçak
aeroplanes <> uçakl
aeroponics <> Aerop
aeros <> aşk 
aeros <> havac
aeroshell <> Aeros
aerosol <> aeros
aerosolised <> Aeros
aerosolized <> aeros
aerosols <> aeros
aerospace <> havac
aerostat <> aeros
aerostat <> balon
aerostat <> zepli
aerostatic <> aeros
aerostatical <> aeros
aerostatics <> aeros
aerostatics <> hava
aerostats <> aeros
aerotherapeutics <> gazla
aerotherapeutics <> hava
aesir <> Aesir
aesthete <> estet
aesthete <> güzel
aesthetic <> estet
aesthetical <> estet
aesthetically <> estet
aesthetician <> estet
aestheticians <> estet
aestheticism <> estet
aestheticize <> estet
aestheticized <> estet
aesthetics <> estet
aesthetics <> güzel
aestival <> yaz
aestival <> yaz 
aestivalis <> Aesti
aet <> AET
aether <> eter
aether <> lokma
aetiologic <> etiyo
aetiological <> etiyo
aetiologies <> etyol
aetiology <> Etiyo
afar <> uzak
afar <> uzakt
afebrile <> afebr
affability <> hoşlu
affability <> nazik
affability <> nezak
affability <> sokul
affability <> tatlı
affable <> hoş
affable <> nazik
affable <> sokul
affair <> şey
affair <> gönül
affair <> iş
affair <> ilişk
affair <> konu
affair <> mesel
affair <> olay
affaire <> aşk 
affaire <> ilişk
affairs <> işler
affect <> üzmek
affect <> arzu
affect <> bozma
affect <> dokun
affect <> etki
affect <> etkil
affect <> heyec
affect <> hoşla
affect <> numar
affect <> sarsm
affect <> sevme
affect <> tasla
affect <> tutma
affect <> yaşam
affectation <> eda
affectation <> göste
affectation <> naz
affectation <> numar
affectation <> takli
affectation <> yapma
affected <> üzülm
affected <> düşkü
affected <> eğili
affected <> etki
affected <> etkil
affected <> numar
affected <> sarsı
affected <> takli
affected <> yakal
affected <> yapma
affecting <> etkil
affecting <> numar
affecting <> yapma
affectingly <> etkil
affection <> şefkâ
affection <> düşkü
affection <> eğili
affection <> etkil
affection <> hasta
affection <> meyil
affection <> sevgi
affectional <> Etkil
affectionate <> şefkâ
affectionate <> müşfi
affectionate <> sevec
affectionate <> seven
affectionate <> sevgi
affectionately <> sevgi
affections <> sevgi
affective <> dokun
affective <> duygu
affective <> etkil
affectivity <> duygu
affects <> etkil
afferent <> getir
afferents <> affer
affiance <> güven
affiance <> inanç
affiance <> nişan
affianced <> nişan
afficionado <> boğa
afficionado <> merak
afficionados <> afici
affidavit <> beyan
affidavit <> taahh
affidavit <> yemin
affidavits <> yemin
affiliate <> üye 
affiliate <> üyeli
affiliate <> bağlı
affiliate <> bağla
affiliate <> birle
affiliate <> evlat
affiliate <> kabul
affiliate <> katıl
affiliate <> katma
affiliate <> tanım
affiliate <> yakın
affiliated <> bağlı
affiliates <> bağlı
affiliation <> üyeli
affiliation <> bağla
affiliation <> birle
affiliation <> eklem
affiliation <> evlat
affiliation <> katma
affiliation <> yakın
affiliations <> üyeli
affine <> afin
affinite <> Afini
affinities <> akrab
affinity <> çekic
affinity <> akrab
affinity <> benze
affinity <> birle
affinity <> dünür
affinity <> ilgi
affinity <> ilişk
affinity <> yakın
affirm <> beyan
affirm <> bildi
affirm <> doğru
affirm <> iddia
affirm <> ileri
affirm <> onayl
affirm <> söyle
affirmation <> doğru
affirmation <> onay
affirmation <> yemin
affirmative <> doğru
affirmative <> oluml
affirmatively <> oluml
affirmatively <> onayl
affirmed <> onayl
affirming <> onayl
affirms <> doğru
affix <> önek
affix <> atmak
affix <> basma
affix <> eklem
affix <> ilişt
affix <> sonek
affix <> takı
affix <> takma
affix <> yapış
affixed <> takıl
affixes <> ekler
affixing <> tuttu
afflatus <> esin
afflatus <> ilham
afflict <> üzmek
afflict <> acı 
afflict <> eziye
afflict <> sarsm
afflicted <> üzgün
afflicted <> dertl
afflicted <> sarsı
afflicted <> tutul
afflicted <> uğram
afflicting <> etkil
affliction <> üzünt
affliction <> ızdır
affliction <> ağrı
affliction <> acı
affliction <> belâ
affliction <> dert
affliction <> felâk
afflictive <> üzücü
afflictive <> acı 
affluence <> çoklu
affluence <> bollu
affluence <> serve
affluence <> zengi
affluences <> zengi
affluent <> çok
affluent <> ırmağ
affluent <> ırmak
affluent <> bol
affluent <> gürül
affluent <> varlı
affluent <> zengi
afflux <> akış
afflux <> akın
afflux <> akınt
afflux <> kan 
afford <> bulab
afford <> göze
afford <> gücü
afford <> paras
afford <> zaman
affordability <> karşı
affordable <> para
affordable <> satın
affordable <> uygun
affordably <> ödene
afforded <> tanın
afforest <> ağaçl
afforest <> orman
afforestation <> ağaçl
afforestation <> orman
afforestations <> ağaçl
afforested <> ağaçl
afforesting <> ağaçl
affranchise <> salıv
affranchise <> serbe
affray <> dövüş
affray <> dalaş
affray <> kavga
affreight <> kiral
affreightment <> kiral
affricate <> yarı
affright <> korku
affront <> gücen
affront <> hakar
affront <> küçük
affronted <> hakar
affusion <> afüzy
afghan <> Afgan
afghanis <> Afgan
afghans <> Afgan
aficionado <> boğa
aficionado <> merak
afield <> evden
afield <> kırda
afield <> kırla
afield <> uzağa
afield <> yolun
afire <> alev
afire <> alevl
afire <> tutuş
afire <> yanan
aflaj <> Aflaj
aflame <> alev
aflame <> alevl
aflame <> tutuş
aflame <> yanan
aflatoxin <> Aflat
aflatoxins <> aflat
aflight <> havad
aflight <> uçmak
afloat <> deniz
afloat <> dolaş
afloat <> havad
afloat <> su 
afloat <> suda
afloat <> yüzme
aflutter <> çarpı
aflutter <> titre
afoot <> ayakt
afoot <> hazır
afoot <> oluşm
afoot <> yürüy
afoot <> yaya
afoot <> yayan
afore <> önce
afore <> önced
afore <> -den
afore <> yukar
aforementioned <> Söz
aforementioned <> adı 
aforementioned <> daha
aforementioned <> yukar
aforenamed <> adı
aforenamed <> adı 
aforenamed <> yukar
aforesaid <> adı 
aforesaid <> daha
aforesaid <> yukar
aforethought <> düşün
aforethought <> kasıt
aforethought <> planl
aforetime <> önced
aforetime <> evvel
afoul <> bir
afoul <> bir 
afraid <> korka
afraid <> korkm
afreet <> ifrit
afresh <> başta
afresh <> yeni
afresh <> yenid
aft <> kıç 
aft <> kıça
aft <> kıçta
after <> -den
after <> -dikt
after <> ardın
after <> arkas
after <> daha
after <> göre
after <> izley
after <> peşin
after <> sonra
afterall <> After
afterbirth <> plase
afterbirth <> son
afterburner <> art
afterburner <> art 
afterburners <> after
aftercare <> salıv
aftercare <> sonra
aftercare <> tahli
aftercare <> tamam
aftercooler <> soğut
aftercoolers <> soğut
aftercrop <> ikinc
afterdamp <> grizu
afterdeath <> öbür
afterdeath <> ahire
afterdeck <> kıç
afterdeck <> kıç 
aftereffect <> ikinc
aftereffect <> sonra
afterglow <> gün
afterglow <> gün 
aftergrass <> hasat
aftergrowth <> ikinc
afterheat <> geriy
afterhour <> AFTER
afterlife <> öbür
afterlife <> ahire
afterlife <> hayat
aftermarket <> satış
aftermath <> akıbe
aftermath <> hasat
aftermath <> sonra
aftermath <> sonuç
aftermost <> en
aftermost <> en 
afternoon <> öğled
afternoons <> öğled
afterpains <> doğum
afterpiece <> ek
afterpiece <> ek 
afterplay <> seviş
afters <> tatlı
afters <> yemek
aftersales <> satış
afterschool <> Okul
aftershave <> after
aftershave <> tıraş
aftershaves <> traş
aftershock <> After
aftershocks <> artçı
aftertaste <> ağızd
afterthought <> sonra
aftertreatment <> arıtm
afterward <> daha
afterward <> sonra
afterwards <> daha
afterwards <> ondan
afterwards <> sonra
afterwords <> After
afterwork <> After
afterworld <> After
afwillite <> Afvil
again <> üstel
again <> ayrıc
again <> bir 
again <> gene
again <> tekra
again <> yenid
again <> yine
against <> aleyh
against <> aykır
against <> dayal
against <> karşı
against <> ters
agalloch <> Agall
agama <> Agama
agami <> Agami
agamic <> cinsi
agamic <> eşeys
agammaglobulinemia <> agama
aganglionic <> agang
agapanthus <> Agapa
agape <> şaşır
agape <> ağzı
agape <> hayır
agape <> merha
agarase <> Agara
agaric <> çayır
agaric <> katra
agaricus <> Agari
agarose <> agaro
agars <> agarı
agas <> ağala
agate <> akik
agate <> bilye
agate <> kanta
agate <> miske
agates <> akik
agathis <> Agath
agathodaimon <> Agath
agave <> agav
agave <> sabır
age <> çağ
age <> asır
age <> devir
age <> ergin
age <> ihtiy
age <> kocam
age <> reşit
age <> yıpra
age <> yaş
age <> yaşlı
age <> yaşla
aged <> ihtiy
aged <> kocam
aged <> yılla
aged <> yaşın
aged <> yaşlı
agedness <> yaşlı
agee <> Agee
ageing <> eskim
ageing <> ihtiy
ageing <> kocay
ageing <> yaşla
ageism <> yaş
ageless <> eskim
ageless <> evlâd
ageless <> yıpra
ageless <> yaşla
agelong <> çağla
agelong <> asırl
agelong <> uzun
agelong <> yüzyı
agen <> AGEN
agencies <> ajans
agency <> acent
agency <> ajans
agency <> aracı
agency <> organ
agency <> vasıt
agenda <> görüş
agenda <> günde
agendas <> günde
agenesia <> agene
agenesis <> agene
agent <> acent
agent <> ajan
agent <> distr
agent <> etken
agent <> etkil
agent <> etmen
agent <> faktö
agent <> temsi
agent <> yapan
agentless <> aracı
agents <> ajanl
agers <> Agers
ages <> asırl
ages <> uzun
ages <> yaşla
aggie <> Aggie
aggies <> Aggie
agglomerate <> aglom
agglomerate <> bir 
agglomerate <> topla
agglomerate <> volka
agglomerate <> yığıl
agglomerate <> yığın
agglomerate <> yığma
agglomerated <> aglom
agglomerates <> aglom
agglomeration <> topla
agglomeration <> yığın
agglomeration <> yığma
agglomerations <> aglom
agglomerative <> aglom
agglutinate <> bileş
agglutinate <> bitiş
agglutinate <> tutka
agglutinate <> yapış
agglutinated <> aglüt
agglutinating <> aglüt
agglutination <> bitiş
agglutination <> tutka
agglutination <> yapış
agglutinative <> bitiş
agglutinator <> Aglüt
agglutinin <> aglut
aggrandisement <> çoğal
aggrandisement <> abart
aggrandisement <> büyüt
aggrandisement <> yükse
aggrandize <> çoğal
aggrandize <> abart
aggrandize <> artır
aggrandize <> büyüt
aggrandize <> yücel
aggrandizement <> çoğal
aggrandizement <> abart
aggrandizement <> büyüt
aggrandizement <> yükse
aggravate <> çiled
aggravate <> şidde
aggravate <> ağırl
aggravate <> ciddi
aggravate <> kötül
aggravate <> kızdı
aggravate <> sinir
aggravated <> ağırl
aggravates <> sinir
aggravating <> çiled
aggravating <> ağırl
aggravating <> can 
aggravating <> cezay
aggravating <> ciddi
aggravating <> kötül
aggravating <> sinir
aggravation <> çiled
aggravation <> şidde
aggravation <> ciddi
aggravation <> kötül
aggravation <> kızdı
aggregate <> bütün
aggregate <> birik
aggregate <> birle
aggregate <> etmek
aggregate <> küme
aggregate <> kütle
aggregate <> topla
aggregate <> tutar
aggregate <> ulaşm
aggregated <> toplu
aggregates <> agreg
aggregating <> topar
aggregation <> bir 
aggregation <> birle
aggregation <> küme
aggregation <> topla
aggregation <> yığış
aggregation <> yığın
aggregations <> topla
aggregative <> agreg
aggregator <> topla
aggregators <> topla
aggregometer <> agreg
aggress <> saldı
aggress <> tecâv
aggressed <> saldı
aggression <> hücum
aggression <> saldı
aggression <> tecâv
aggressions <> saldı
aggressive <> agres
aggressive <> atılg
aggressive <> giriş
aggressive <> kavga
aggressive <> saldı
aggressively <> agres
aggressiveness <> saldı
aggressivity <> agres
aggressor <> saldı
aggressors <> Saldı
aggrieve <> üzmek
aggrieve <> incit
aggrieve <> keder
aggrieve <> mağdu
aggrieve <> renci
aggrieved <> üzgün
aggrieved <> dertl
aggrieved <> haksı
aggrieved <> incin
aggrieved <> mağdu
aggrieved <> mazlu
aggro <> ağırl
aggro <> kötül
aggro <> kızdı
agha <> ağa
aghas <> ağala
aghast <> çok 
aghast <> ödü 
aghast <> donak
agila <> Agila
agile <> çevik
agile <> atik
agile <> becer
agile <> kıvra
agility <> çevik
agility <> atikl
agility <> becer
agility <> kıvra
agin <> Ağın
aging <> eskim
aging <> ihtiy
aging <> kocay
aging <> yaşla
agio <> acyo
agio <> para
agios <> Agios
agiotage <> acyot
agiotage <> borsa
agitate <> çalka
agitate <> üzmek
agitate <> altüs
agitate <> kışkı
agitate <> propa
agitate <> salla
agitate <> sarsm
agitate <> tahri
agitated <> heyec
agitated <> tedir
agitates <> altüs
agitating <> karış
agitation <> çalka
agitation <> endiş
agitation <> galey
agitation <> heyec
agitation <> kışkı
agitation <> sıkın
agitation <> salla
agitation <> tahri
agitational <> ajita
agitations <> ajita
agitator <> fesat
agitator <> kışkı
agitator <> karış
agitator <> tahri
agitators <> karış
agitprop <> kışkı
agitprop <> komün
agitprop <> propa
agkistrodon <> Agkis
aglare <> Aglar
agleam <> ışıl
agleam <> ışılt
agleam <> pırıl
agleam <> parıl
aglet <> bağcı
agley <> çarpı
agley <> ters
aglimmer <> ışıld
aglimmer <> ışıya
aglimmer <> parıl
aglow <> ateşl
aglow <> harar
aglow <> heyec
aglow <> kıpkı
aglow <> parla
aglycon <> aglik
agma <> AGMA
agmatine <> agmat
agnate <> akrab
agnate <> baba
agnate <> soyda
agnatic <> akrab
agnatic <> soyda
agnatical <> baba
agnatical <> soyda
agnation <> akrab
agnation <> soyda
agnomen <> lakap
agnomen <> takma
agnomina <> lâkap
agnomina <> takma
agnosia <> agnoz
agnostic <> agnos
agnostic <> bilin
agnostical <> agnos
agnosticism <> agnos
agnosticism <> bilin
agnostics <> agnos
ago <> önce
ago <> evvel
agog <> arzul
agog <> can 
agog <> heyec
agog <> istek
agog <> sabır
agon <> AGON
agonic <> köşes
agonise <> acı 
agonise <> can 
agonise <> eziye
agonise <> işken
agonise <> kıvra
agonise <> mücâd
agonise <> uğraş
agonised <> agoni
agonising <> acı
agonising <> acı 
agonising <> cefal
agonising <> işken
agonisingly <> agoni
agonism <> agoni
agonistic <> agoni
agonists <> agoni
agonize <> acı 
agonize <> can 
agonize <> eziye
agonize <> işken
agonize <> kıvra
agonize <> mücâd
agonize <> uğraş
agonizer <> Agoni
agonizing <> acı
agonizing <> acı 
agonizing <> cefal
agonizing <> işken
agony <> İsa'n
agony <> ızdır
agony <> acı 
agony <> agoni
agony <> can 
agony <> kıvra
agora <> Agora
agora <> açık
agora <> meyda
agora <> pazar
agoraphobia <> agora
agoraphobia <> alan
agoraphobic <> agora
agoras <> agora
agranulocytes <> Agran
agranulocytosis <> agran
agranulosis <> Agran
agrarian <> çiftç
agrarian <> kırsa
agrarian <> tarım
agrarian <> ziraa
agrarian <> zirai
agrarianism <> tarım
agrarians <> Tarım
agre <> anlaş
agre <> aynı
agre <> bağda
agre <> birle
agre <> hemfi
agre <> kabul
agre <> karar
agre <> katıl
agre <> razı
agre <> uymak
agre <> uyuşm
agre <> yaram
agree <> anlaş
agree <> aynı
agree <> bağda
agree <> birle
agree <> hemfi
agree <> kabul
agree <> karar
agree <> katıl
agree <> razı
agree <> uymak
agree <> uyuşm
agree <> yaram
agreeable <> hazır
agreeable <> hoş
agreeable <> iyi
agreeable <> kabul
agreeable <> münas
agreeable <> makbu
agreeable <> razı
agreeable <> tatlı
agreeable <> uygun
agreeable <> uysal
agreeableness <> hoşlu
agreeableness <> tatlı
agreeably <> hoş 
agreeably <> kabul
agreeably <> razı
agreeably <> tatlı
agreeably <> uygun
agreed <> anlaş
agreed <> aynı
agreed <> birli
agreed <> hemfi
agreed <> kabul
agreed <> karar
agreed <> oldu
agreed <> olur
agreed <> ortak
agreed <> tamam
agreeing <> kabul
agreement <> anlaş
agreement <> antla
agreement <> aynı
agreement <> ittif
agreement <> kabul
agreement <> kontr
agreement <> mukav
agreement <> pakt
agreement <> razı
agreement <> sözle
agreement <> uyma
agreement <> uyuşm
agreement <> uzlaş
agreements <> anlaş
agrees <> kabul
agreing <> kabul
agria <> Agria
agribusiness <> tarım
agribusinesses <> üreti
agricultural <> tarım
agricultural <> ziraa
agricultural <> zirai
agriculturalist <> çiftç
agriculturalist <> tarım
agriculturalist <> ziraa
agriculturalists <> ziraa
agriculturally <> tarım
agriculture <> çiftç
agriculture <> tarım
agriculture <> ziraa
agricultures <> TARIM
agriculturist <> çiftç
agriculturist <> tarım
agriculturist <> ziraa
agriculturists <> Ziraa
agrimony <> kasık
agrimotor <> trakt
agrin <> Agrin
agrobacterium <> Agrob
agrochemical <> zirai
agrochemicals <> tarım
agroforestry <> Agrof
agrology <> agrol
agrology <> topra
agromyzidae <> Agrom
agronomic <> bilim
agronomic <> tarım
agronomical <> bilim
agronomical <> tarım
agronomics <> bilim
agronomics <> tarım
agronomist <> bilim
agronomists <> ziraa
agronomy <> bilim
agronomy <> tarım
agropyron <> Agrop
agrotechnology <> Tarım
aground <> karay
ague <> malar
ague <> sıtma
aguish <> sıtma
agust <> ağust
ah <> öf
ah <> ah
ah <> of
ah <> ya
aha <> şimdi
aha <> aha
aha <> işte
ahas <> AHA
ahead <> önced
ahead <> önde
ahead <> başta
ahead <> ilerd
ahead <> ileri
ahed <> Ahed
ahem <> hım
ahermatypic <> Aherm
ahin <> Şahin
ahistorical <> tarih
ahlfeldite <> Alfel
ahold <> Ahold
ahoy <> hey
ahoy <> yahu
ahs <> AHS
ahus <> Klima
ai <> Her 
ai <> ai
aias <> AIAS
aid <> çare
aid <> alet
aid <> aygıt
aid <> deste
aid <> yardı
aide <> emir
aide <> yardı
aide <> yaver
aided <> deste
aides <> yardı
aiding <> yardı
aids <> AİDS
aids <> bağış
aigre <> Aigre
aigrette <> akbal
aigrette <> sorgu
aikido <> Japon
aikido <> aikid
aikinite <> Ayiki
ail <> hasta
ail <> rahat
ail <> sıkma
aileron <> elero
aileron <> kanat
ailerons <> kanat
ailing <> hasta
ailing <> keyif
ailing <> rahat
ailment <> hasta
ailment <> keyif
ailment <> rahat
ailments <> hasta
ails <> yerli
ailsyte <> Ayils
aim <> çalış
aim <> amaç
aim <> amacı
aim <> doğru
aim <> erek
aim <> fırla
aim <> gaye
aim <> hedef
aim <> ideal
aim <> kaste
aim <> maksa
aim <> nişan
aim <> niyet
aim <> yönel
aimed <> yönel
aiming <> amaçl
aimless <> amaçs
aimless <> gayes
aimless <> hedef
aimless <> maksa
aimlessly <> amaçs
aimlessly <> gayes
aimlessly <> hedef
aimlessly <> rasge
aimlessness <> amaçs
aimlessness <> gayes
aimlessness <> hedef
aims <> amaçl
aiolis <> Aioli
air <> çalım
air <> açılm
air <> caka
air <> eda
air <> esint
air <> fiyak
air <> gökyü
air <> güneş
air <> hafif
air <> hava
air <> haval
air <> kurut
air <> melod
air <> nağme
air <> ortay
air <> söyle
air <> tavır
air <> yayın
airbag <> hava
airbags <> hava
airbase <> hava
airbed <> deniz
airbed <> hava
airbladder <> hava
airbladder <> yüzme
airboat <> sürat
airborne <> hava
airborne <> havad
airborne <> haval
airborne <> havay
airborne <> uçakl
airborne <> uçuşa
airbrake <> haval
airbrick <> delik
airbus <> hava
airbuses <> Airbu
aircondition <> klima
airconditioned <> klima
airconditioner <> klima
airconditioning <> Klima
aircraft <> uçak
aircraft <> uçakl
aircraftman <> havac
aircraftman <> pilot
aircrafts <> uçak
aircrafts <> uçakl
aircrew <> uçak
aircushion <> hava
aircushion <> haval
airdate <> Yayın
airdrome <> havaa
airdrome <> haval
airdrop <> havad
airdrop <> uçakt
aired <> yayın
airey <> Airey
airfares <> uçak
airfield <> havaa
airfield <> pist
airfield <> uçak
airfields <> havaa
airflow <> hava
airfoil <> kanat
airfoil <> uçak
airframe <> uçak
airframes <> gövde
airfreight <> hava
airgraph <> mikro
airgun <> hava
airheads <> Airhe
airily <> hafif
airily <> hoppa
airily <> uçarı
airiness <> hafif
airiness <> havad
airiness <> havai
airiness <> hoppa
airiness <> kolay
airiness <> uçarı
airing <> açığa
airing <> açık
airing <> gezin
airing <> hava
airing <> haval
airing <> ortay
airlane <> hava
airlane <> uçuş
airless <> durgu
airless <> havas
airless <> sakin
airlessness <> havas
airlift <> hava
airlift <> uçakl
airlifted <> hava
airline <> havay
airliner <> büyük
airliner <> dev
airliner <> dev 
airliners <> Uçakl
airlines <> havay
airlock <> hava
airlocks <> hava
airmail <> havay
airmail <> uçak
airman <> havac
airmanship <> havac
airmass <> hava
airmen <> havac
airpack <> AIRPA
airpark <> Airpa
airplane <> uçak
airplanes <> uçakl
airport <> havaa
airport <> haval
airports <> havaa
airpost <> AirPo
airproof <> hava
airs <> çalım
airs <> caka
airs <> fiyak
airs <> hava
airs <> kurum
airscrew <> uçak
airshaft <> aydın
airshaft <> hava
airshed <> Hava
airship <> uçak
airship <> zepli
airships <> Airsh
airside <> Airsi
airspace <> hava
airspeed <> hava
airstrikes <> hava
airstrip <> iniş
airstrip <> küçük
airstrip <> uçak
airstrips <> pistl
airth <> Airth
airtight <> hava
airtight <> kaçar
airwave <> Airwa
airwaves <> havas
airway <> aydın
airway <> hava
airway <> havay
airways <> solun
airwoman <> havac
airwoman <> kadın
airworthiness <> uçabi
airworthiness <> uçuş
airworthiness <> uçuşa
airworthy <> haval
airworthy <> uçabi
airworthy <> uçuşa
airy <> boş
airy <> gevşe
airy <> hafif
airy <> havad
airy <> haval
airy <> hayal
airy <> neşel
aisle <> ara 
aisle <> bina
aisle <> geçit
aisle <> korid
aisle <> yapı
aisled <> nefli
aisles <> korid
aisling <> Aisli
aitch <> h
aitch <> h 
aitchbone <> sığır
ajar <> ahenk
ajar <> aralı
ajar <> sarsı
ajar <> yarı
ajuga <> Ajuga
akabane <> Akaba
akathisia <> akati
ake <> AKE
akela <> Akela
akenobeite <> Akeno
akerite <> Akeri
akermanite <> Akerm
akimbo <> eller
akin <> akrab
akin <> benze
akin <> yakın
akinesia <> akine
akinetic <> akine
akkas <> Akkas
akrochordite <> Akrok
akureyri <> Akure
alaap <> Alaat
alabandite <> Alaba
alabaster <> albat
alabaster <> kayma
alabaster <> su 
alabastrine <> alaba
alack <> eyvah
alack <> vah
alack <> yazık
alacrity <> can 
alacrity <> canlı
alacrity <> heves
alacrity <> istek
alamos <> Alamo
alamosite <> Alamo
aland <> Aland
alands <> Aland
alane <> ALANE
alanine <> alani
alannah <> Alann
alans <> Alanl
alanson <> Alans
alant <> Alant
alanyl <> alani
alap <> EG
alarm <> Alarm
alarm <> alârm
alarm <> ayağa
alarm <> dehşe
alarm <> korku
alarm <> panik
alarm <> tehli
alarm <> telaş
alarmclock <> çalar
alarmed <> paniğ
alarmed <> panik
alarming <> korku
alarming <> panik
alarming <> telaş
alarmist <> panik
alarmist <> telâş
alarmist <> telaş
alarms <> alarm
alarum <> alârm
alas <> eyvah
alas <> tüh
alas <> yazık
alaska <> Alask
alaskas <> Alask
alastor <> Alast
alated <> kanat
alb <> papaz
albafite <> Albaf
albanite <> Alban
albarran <> Albar
albas <> Alban
albatross <> albat
albatrosses <> albat
albe <> Albe
albedo <> aklık
albee <> Albee
albeit <> gerçi
albeit <> her 
albeit <> ise 
albeit <> karşı
albendazole <> Alben
albert <> köste
albert <> saat
albertin <> Alber
albertine <> Alber
albertite <> Alber
alberts <> Alber
albescent <> akçıl
albescent <> beyaz
albigenses <> Albig
albigeois <> ALBIG
albini <> Albin
albinism <> akşın
albinism <> albin
albino <> çapar
albino <> akşın
albino <> albin
albinos <> albin
albinus <> Albin
albion <> İngil
albion <> Albio
albite <> albit
albitization <> albit
albitized <> albit
albs <> Albs
albula <> Albul
album <> albüm
album <> plak
albumen <> albüm
albumen <> yumur
albumens <> besi
albumin <> albüm
albumin <> yumur
albuminates <> albüm
albuminocytologic <> album
albuminoidal <> Albüm
albuminous <> albüm
albumins <> albüm
albuminuria <> albüm
albums <> albüm
alburnum <> ağaç
alcaide <> Alcai
alcalde <> Alcal
alcaligenes <> Alcal
alcazar <> Alcaz
alcedo <> Alced
alchemic <> alşim
alchemic <> simya
alchemical <> simya
alchemically <> simya
alchemist <> alşim
alchemist <> simya
alchemists <> simya
alchemy <> alşim
alchemy <> simya
alchymist <> Alchy
alchymy <> Alchy
alcid <> alkid
alcides <> Alcid
alco <> alkol
alcohol <> alkol
alcohol <> içki
alcohol <> ispir
alcoholates <> alkol
alcoholic <> alkol
alcoholic <> ayyaş
alcoholical <> alkol
alcoholical <> ayyaş
alcoholics <> alkol
alcoholism <> alkol
alcoholism <> ayyaş
alcoholism <> içki
alcoholmeters <> Alkol
alcoholometer <> alkol
alcohols <> alkol
alcoholysis <> alkol
alcove <> çarda
alcove <> cumba
alcove <> girin
alcove <> kamer
alcove <> oyuk
alcyon <> ALCYO
alcyone <> Alcyo
aldaric <> Aldar
aldebaran <> Aldeb
aldehyde <> aldeh
aldehydes <> aldeh
aldehydic <> aldeh
alder <> akçaa
alder <> kızıl
alderman <> beled
aldermanic <> beled
aldermanry <> beled
alderwoman <> beled
aldolase <> aldol
aldose <> aldoz
aldosterone <> aldos
aldosteronism <> aldos
aldrin <> Aldri
ale <> bira
ale <> birin
aleatoric <> şansa
aleatory <> şansa
alectoris <> Alect
alee <> bocad
alee <> rüzgâ
alef <> Alef
alehouse <> bar
alehouse <> birah
alehouse <> meyha
alembic <> imbik
alembic <> süzge
alencon <> ALENC
alendronate <> alend
alerion <> Aleri
alert <> açıkg
alert <> alârm
alert <> atik
alert <> gözün
alert <> tehli
alert <> tetik
alert <> uyanı
alert <> uyarm
alerted <> uyarı
alerter <> Uyarı
alerting <> uyarı
alertness <> açıkg
alertness <> atikl
alertness <> tetik
alertness <> uyanı
alerts <> uyarı
ales <> ALES
alew <> Alew
alewife <> birah
alewife <> meyha
alewife <> ringa
alexandrine <> mısra
alexia <> aleks
alexia <> okuma
alexithymia <> aleks
aleyrodidae <> Aleyr
alfa <> alfa
alfalfa <> alfal
alfalfa <> kabay
alfisols <> Alfis
alfresco <> açık
alga <> alg
alga <> suyos
alga <> yosun
algae <> alg
algal <> alg
algarrobo <> Algar
algazel <> Algaz
algebra <> cebir
algebraic <> cebir
algebraical <> cebir
algebraically <> cebir
algebras <> cebir
algeria <> Cezay
algerine <> Cezay
algesia <> ağrıy
algesia <> aljez
algicide <> yosun
algin <> Algın
alginate <> aljin
alginates <> aljin
alginic <> Aljin
algodonite <> Algod
algogenic <> Sıklı
algology <> suyos
algometer <> Algom
algometric <> Algom
algorism <> Arap
algorithm <> Arap
algorithm <> algor
algorithmic <> algor
algorithmically <> algor
algorithms <> algor
alias <> başka
alias <> diğer
alias <> takma
aliases <> takma
alibi <> gerek
alibi <> mazer
alibi <> suç 
alibis <> bahan
alicyclic <> alisi
alidade <> alida
alidade <> masta
alien <> aktar
alien <> ecneb
alien <> farkl
alien <> hakla
alien <> uymay
alien <> uzayl
alien <> yaban
alien <> yarat
alienable <> başka
alienable <> devre
alienage <> yaban
alienate <> arala
alienate <> devre
alienate <> soğut
alienate <> yaban
alienated <> yaban
alienates <> yaban
alienating <> yaban
alienation <> arala
alienation <> denge
alienation <> devir
alienation <> devre
alienation <> soğut
alienation <> yaban
alienator <> ara 
alienator <> devre
alienator <> karı-
alienators <> yaban
alienism <> akıl
alienist <> akıl
alienist <> psiki
alienist <> ruhbi
aliens <> yaban
alif <> elif
alife <> Yapay
aliform <> kanat
alight <> ışıkl
alight <> ışıl
alight <> aydın
alight <> inmek
alight <> konma
alight <> rastl
alight <> tesad
alight <> tutuş
alight <> yanan
alight <> yere
alighting <> iniş
align <> align
align <> dizil
align <> dizme
align <> hizay
align <> sıral
align <> sıray
aligned <> hizal
aligner <> hizal
aligning <> dizme
aligning <> hizal
alignment <> grupl
alignment <> hiza
alignment <> hizal
alignment <> işbir
alignment <> sıra
alignment <> sıral
alignment <> uyuşm
alignments <> dizil
aligns <> hizal
alike <> aynı
alike <> benze
alike <> fark
alike <> farks
aliment <> besin
aliment <> gıda
aliment <> yiyec
alimentary <> besle
alimentation <> besle
alimony <> nafak
aline <> dizil
aline <> dizme
aline <> hizal
aline <> sıral
alioth <> Aliot
aliphatic <> alifa
aliquant <> kalan
aliquant <> tümbö
aliquot <> kalan
aliquot <> tümbö
aliquots <> kısma
alit <> Alit
alive <> canlı
alive <> diri
alive <> elekt
alive <> farkı
alive <> hayat
alive <> sağ
alive <> yaşay
aliya <> Aliya
aliyah <> Aliya
alizarin <> aliza
alizarin <> kök 
alkahest <> alkah
alkahest <> tıkan
alkalemia <> alkal
alkalescent <> alkal
alkali <> alkal
alkali <> baz
alkalic <> alkal
alkalies <> alkal
alkalimetric <> alkal
alkalimetry <> bazöl
alkaline <> alkal
alkaline <> bazik
alkalinisation <> alkal
alkalinity <> alkal
alkalinity <> bazik
alkalinization <> alkal
alkalinized <> alkal
alkalinizing <> alkal
alkalis <> alkal
alkalising <> alkal
alkalization <> alkal
alkalize <> alkal
alkalize <> bazla
alkalizing <> alkal
alkaloid <> alkal
alkaloids <> alkol
alkalosis <> alkal
alkane <> Alkan
alkanes <> alkan
alkanols <> alkan
alkene <> alken
alkenes <> alken
alkie <> Alkie
alkines <> Alkin
alkoxide <> alkok
alkoxides <> alkok
alkoxy <> alkok
alkyd <> alkid
alkyds <> Alkid
alkyl <> alkil
alkylamine <> etken
alkylated <> alkil
alkylating <> alkil
alkylation <> alkil
alkylbenzene <> Alkil
alkyls <> alkil
alkyne <> alkin
alkynes <> alkin
all <> özbeö
all <> alayı
all <> büsbü
all <> bütün
all <> hep
all <> hepsi
all <> her
all <> her 
all <> herke
all <> katış
all <> saf
all <> tüm
all <> tamam
allactite <> Alakt
allahs <> Allah
allamanda <> Allam
allanite <> allan
allantoic <> allan
allantoin <> Allan
allay <> bastı
allay <> gider
allay <> hafif
allay <> sakin
allay <> yatış
allayed <> Yatış
alledge <> iddia
alledge <> ileri
alledge <> kanıt
alledge <> mazer
alledged <> iddia
alledged <> sözüm
alledged <> sözde
alledges <> iddia
allee <> Allee
allegation <> özür
allegation <> bahan
allegation <> iddia
allegation <> ileri
allegation <> mazer
allegation <> sav
allegations <> iddia
allege <> iddia
allege <> ileri
allege <> kanıt
allege <> mazer
alleged <> iddia
alleged <> sözüm
alleged <> sözde
allegedly <> iddia
allegedly <> sözde
alleges <> iddia
alleghanyite <> Alega
allegiance <> bağlı
allegiance <> sadak
allegiances <> bağlı
allegiant <> Alleg
alleging <> iddia
allegoric <> alego
allegoric <> kinay
allegorical <> alego
allegorical <> kinay
allegorically <> kinay
allegories <> alego
allegorize <> alego
allegorize <> kinay
allegory <> alego
allegory <> kinay
allegretto <> alleg
allegro <> alleg
allele <> allel
alleles <> allel
allelic <> alel
allelopathic <> allel
allelopathy <> allel
alleluia <> Allah
alleluia <> elham
alleluia <> tanrı
allemontite <> Alemo
allene <> Allen
allergen <> aller
allergenic <> alerj
allergenicity <> alerj
allergens <> alerj
allergic <> alerj
allergies <> alerj
allergists <> aller
allergology <> alerj
allergy <> aşırı
allergy <> alerj
allergy <> antip
alleviate <> azalt
alleviate <> bastı
alleviate <> dindi
alleviate <> hafif
alleviate <> teski
alleviate <> yatış
alleviated <> hafif
alleviates <> hafif
alleviating <> hafif
alleviation <> azalm
alleviation <> dinme
alleviation <> hafif
alleviation <> yatış
alley <> dar 
alley <> geçit
alley <> pasaj
alley <> patik
alleycats <> Alley
alleys <> sokak
alleyway <> dar
alleyway <> dar 
alleyway <> geçit
allgood <> Allgo
alliaceous <> soğan
alliance <> akrab
alliance <> anlaş
alliance <> antla
alliance <> bağ
alliance <> birle
alliance <> birli
alliance <> dünür
alliance <> ittif
alliance <> pakt
alliances <> ittif
alliant <> Allia
allied <> akrab
allied <> bağla
allied <> birli
allied <> mütte
allies <> mütte
alligator <> timsa
alligators <> timsa
allis <> Allis
alliterate <> alite
alliterate <> aynı
alliteration <> alite
alliteration <> aynı
alliteration <> ses 
alliterative <> alite
alliterative <> ses 
allocatable <> ayrıl
allocate <> ayırm
allocate <> bölüş
allocate <> payla
allocated <> tahsi
allocates <> ayırı
allocating <> tahsi
allocation <> ödene
allocation <> bölüş
allocation <> dağıt
allocation <> pay
allocation <> pay 
allocation <> payla
allocation <> tahsi
allocations <> tahsi
allocative <> tahsi
allocator <> ayırı
allocators <> tahsi
allochthon <> allok
allochthonous <> allok
allocution <> hitab
allocution <> konuş
allocution <> nutuk
allocution <> söyle
allods <> Allod
allodynia <> allod
allogamy <> melez
allogeneic <> Alloj
allogenic <> alloj
allograft <> allog
allografts <> allog
alloimmune <> alloi
allometric <> allom
allomorph <> alomo
allomorph <> biçim
allomorphite <> Alomo
allons <> Allon
allopath <> alopa
allopathy <> alopa
allopathy <> zıt 
allopatric <> Allop
allophone <> Allof
alloplastic <> allop
allopurinol <> Allop
allosteric <> allos
allot <> ayırm
allot <> bölüş
allot <> hisse
allot <> kura
allot <> payla
allot <> tahsi
allotment <> bölüş
allotment <> hisse
allotment <> kiray
allotment <> pay
allotment <> pay 
allotment <> payla
allotment <> tahsi
allotments <> tahsi
allotrope <> allot
allotropes <> allot
allotropic <> allot
allotropy <> allot
allotted <> tahsi
allotting <> tahsi
allout <> Allou
allow <> ayırm
allow <> bırak
allow <> düşün
allow <> fikri
allow <> göz 
allow <> hesab
allow <> imkân
allow <> indir
allow <> itira
allow <> izin
allow <> kabul
allow <> koyve
allow <> verme
allowable <> hoşgö
allowable <> indir
allowable <> izin
allowable <> mübâh
allowable <> uygun
allowance <> ödene
allowance <> avans
allowance <> göz 
allowance <> handi
allowance <> harçl
allowance <> hesab
allowance <> hoşgö
allowance <> indir
allowance <> iskon
allowance <> izin
allowance <> müsaa
allowance <> toler
allowances <> ödene
allowed <> izin
allowing <> izin
allows <> sağla
alloxan <> allok
alloy <> alaşı
alloy <> bozma
alloy <> değer
alloy <> kalit
alloy <> karış
alloyed <> alaşı
alloying <> alaşı
alloys <> alaşı
allport <> Allpo
allright <> yolun
allrounder <> Yeten
allspice <> yenib
allude <> üstü
allude <> kaste
allude <> taş 
alluded <> ima
alludes <> ima
alluding <> atıft
allure <> çekme
allure <> aklın
allure <> alben
allure <> ayart
allure <> büyül
allure <> başta
allure <> cazib
allure <> cazip
allurement <> çekic
allurement <> çekme
allurement <> alben
allurement <> büyül
allurement <> cazib
allurement <> cazip
allurements <> süsüd
allures <> ağırl
alluring <> çekic
alluring <> alben
alluring <> cazip
alluringly <> İçten
allusion <> dokun
allusion <> ima
allusion <> kinay
allusion <> laf 
allusion <> taş
allusions <> imala
allusive <> üstü
allusive <> imalı
allusive <> kinay
alluvia <> alüvy
alluvial <> alüvy
alluvial <> lığlı
alluvials <> alüvy
alluviation <> Nehir
alluvion <> alüvy
alluvion <> lığ
alluvions <> alüvy
alluvium <> alüvy
alluviums <> alüvy
ally <> birle
ally <> dost
ally <> genet
ally <> katıl
ally <> katma
ally <> mütte
allyl <> alil
allylic <> allil
almagest <> Almag
almah <> Almah
almanac <> alman
almanac <> takvi
almanac <> yıllı
almanacs <> alman
almandine <> alman
almas <> Almas
almen <> Almen
almighties <> her
almightiness <> uluhi
almighty <> büyük
almighty <> her
almighty <> her 
almighty <> müthi
almighty <> sınır
almighty <> son 
almighty <> ulu
almighty <> yüce
almirah <> Almir
almitrine <> almit
almon <> Almon
almond <> badem
almonds <> badem
almoner <> sosya
almoner <> yardı
almost <> adeta
almost <> az 
almost <> hemen
almost <> nered
almost <> yakla
alms <> sadak
alms <> yardı
alms <> zekât
almsgiving <> sadak
almshouse <> düşkü
almshouse <> darül
almshouse <> imare
almshouse <> yaşlı
almsman <> düşkü
almsman <> sadak
alnoite <> Alnöy
aloe <> ödağa
aloe <> aloe
aloe <> sarıs
aloes <> aloin
aloes <> sarıs
aloft <> gemi
aloft <> havad
aloft <> havay
aloft <> yükse
aloft <> yukar
alois <> Alois
alone <> bir 
alone <> kimse
alone <> tek
alone <> tek 
alone <> yalnı
along <> berab
along <> boyun
along <> ileri
along <> süres
along <> yanın
along <> yanıs
alongs <> uzanı
alongshore <> kıyı
alongshore <> sahil
alongside <> borda
alongside <> yanın
alongside <> yanıs
alongside <> yan 
aloof <> ayrı
aloof <> ilgis
aloof <> soğuk
aloof <> uzak
aloof <> uzakt
aloofness <> mesaf
aloofness <> sokul
aloofness <> uzak
alopecia <> kelli
alopecias <> alope
alopecic <> alope
alopecurus <> Alope
aloud <> bağır
aloud <> yükse
aloysius <> Aloys
alp <> alp
alp <> yükse
alpaca <> alpak
alpacas <> alpak
alpage <> Alpag
alpen <> Alpen
alpenglow <> gün
alpenglow <> gün 
alpenhorn <> çoban
alpenstock <> demir
alpha <> alfa
alpha <> pek 
alphabet <> alfab
alphabet <> esasl
alphabet <> ilkel
alphabetic <> alfab
alphabetical <> alfab
alphabetically <> alfab
alphabetisation <> okuma
alphabetize <> alfab
alphabetized <> alfab
alphabetizes <> alfab
alphabets <> alfab
alphanumeric <> alfan
alphanumerical <> Alfan
alphanumerically <> alfan
alphonse <> Alpho
alphorn <> çoban
alpine <> Alple
alpine <> alp
alpine <> yükse
alpinism <> dağcı
alpinist <> alpin
alpinist <> dağcı
alpinists <> dağcı
alport <> Alpor
alprostadil <> Alpro
alps <> Alp 
alps <> Alple
already <> çokta
already <> önced
already <> şimdi
already <> bile
already <> zaten
alright <> iyi
alright <> olur
alright <> peki
alright <> tamam
alrighty <> Alrig
alsbachite <> Alsba
also <> üstel
also <> ayrıc
also <> da
also <> dahi
also <> de
also <> hem
also <> hem 
also <> keza
alstroemeria <> Alstr
altaic <> Altay
altaite <> Altay
altar <> altar
altar <> kurba
altar <> mihra
altar <> sunak
altars <> sunak
alter <> başka
alter <> değiş
alter <> hadım
alter <> kısır
alterable <> değiş
alterated <> ayrış
alterating <> alter
alteration <> başka
alteration <> değiş
alteration <> tadil
alterations <> değiş
alterative <> değiş
altercate <> atışm
altercate <> kavga
altercate <> tartı
altercation <> ağız
altercation <> atışm
altercation <> münak
altercation <> tartı
altered <> değiş
altered <> diğer
alterego <> Alter
altereth <> değiş
altering <> değiş
alterity <> başka
altern <> Alter
alternans <> alter
alternaria <> Alter
alternate <> alter
alternate <> birbi
alternate <> değiş
alternate <> muavi
alternate <> sıra
alternate <> vekil
alternately <> değiş
alternately <> nöbet
alternately <> sıra
alternates <> dönüş
alternating <> alter
alternating <> dalga
alternatingly <> dönüş
alternation <> birbi
alternation <> değiş
alternation <> münav
alternation <> nöbet
alternations <> ardal
alternative <> öbür
alternative <> şık
alternative <> alter
alternative <> başka
alternative <> değiş
alternative <> seçen
alternatively <> alter
alternatives <> alter
alternator <> alter
alternators <> alter
alters <> değiş
althea <> Althe
altho <> gerçi
altho <> ise 
altho <> karşı
altho <> olduğ
altho <> rağme
althorn <> nefes
although <> gerçi
although <> ise 
although <> karşı
although <> olduğ
although <> rağme
altimeter <> altim
altimeter <> yükse
altimeters <> altim
altimetry <> altim
altiplano <> Altip
altitude <> üstün
altitude <> irtif
altitude <> itiba
altitude <> rakım
altitude <> yükse
altitudes <> doruk
altitudes <> irtif
altitudes <> yükse
altitudinal <> yükse
alto <> alto
alto <> en 
altogether <> büsbü
altogether <> bütün
altogether <> başta
altogether <> genel
altogether <> hepte
altogether <> tamam
altos <> Altos
altruism <> özgec
altruism <> başka
altruist <> özgec
altruist <> başka
altruistic <> özgec
altruistic <> başka
alts <> ALTS
alum <> şap
alumin <> Alumi
alumina <> alümi
aluminate <> alümi
aluminates <> alümi
aluminite <> Alümi
aluminium <> alümi
aluminized <> alümi
aluminosilicate <> alümi
aluminosilicates <> alümi
aluminous <> alümi
aluminum <> alümi
alumna <> eski
alumna <> mezun
alumnae <> Alumn
alumni <> mezun
alumnus <> eski
alumnus <> mezun
alums <> şapla
alumstone <> Alümt
alunite <> aluni
alunites <> aluni
alunogen <> Alüno
alurgite <> Alürj
alveolalgia <> alveo
alveolar <> alveo
alveolar <> diş 
alveoles <> alveo
alveoli <> alveo
alveolitis <> alveo
alveolus <> alveo
alveolus <> diş 
alvine <> bağır
alway <> Alway
always <> boyun
always <> daima
always <> defal
always <> hep
always <> her
always <> her 
always <> tekra
alyssum <> delio
am <> Et
ama <> AMA
amabile <> Amabi
amadou <> Amado
amain <> şidde
amain <> tüm
amain <> tüm 
amain <> var 
amalgam <> amalg
amalgam <> birbi
amalgam <> cıval
amalgam <> karış
amalgam <> malga
amalgamate <> birle
amalgamate <> cıva
amalgamate <> karış
amalgamated <> birle
amalgamation <> şirke
amalgamation <> alaşı
amalgamation <> cıva
amalgamation <> karış
amalgamations <> birle
amalgamators <> Karış
amalgams <> amalg
amanita <> Amani
amantadine <> amant
amanuensis <> kâtip
amanuensis <> sekre
amanuensis <> yazma
amaranth <> eflât
amaranth <> horoz
amaranth <> mor
amaranth <> solma
amaranthaceae <> Amara
amaranthine <> ebedi
amaranthine <> mor
amaranthine <> solma
amaranthus <> Amara
amarantite <> Amara
amarillite <> amari
amarin <> Amari
amarna <> Amarn
amaryllidaceae <> Amary
amaryllis <> güzel
amaryllis <> köylü
amaryllis <> nergi
amass <> birik
amass <> topla
amass <> yığma
amassing <> erişi
amaterasu <> Amate
amateur <> amatö
amateur <> merak
amateurish <> acemi
amateurish <> amatö
amateurishly <> amatö
amateurism <> amatö
amateurs <> amatö
amative <> aşkık
amative <> aşkın
amative <> aşk 
amatol <> amato
amatory <> aşıkâ
amatory <> aşkın
amatory <> aşk 
amaze <> şaşır
amaze <> afall
amaze <> hayra
amaze <> hayre
amazed <> şaşır
amazed <> hayre
amazedly <> şaşıl
amazement <> şaşkı
amazement <> hayre
amazes <> şaşır
amazing <> şaşıl
amazing <> şaşır
amazing <> hayra
amazing <> hayre
amazing <> ilgin
amazingly <> inanı
amazon <> Amazo
amazon <> kadın
amazonian <> Amazo
amazonite <> Amazo
amazons <> Amazo
amazonstone <> Amazo
ambages <> dolam
ambages <> dolay
ambassador <> büyük
ambassador <> elçi
ambassador <> temsi
ambassadorial <> büyük
ambassadors <> büyük
ambassadorship <> büyük
ambassadress <> büyük
ambassy <> Büyük
amber <> kehri
amber <> koyu
amberg <> Amber
ambergris <> amber
ambergris <> esmer
ambers <> Amber
ambi <> çevre
ambiance <> çevre
ambiance <> ambia
ambiance <> hava
ambiance <> ortam
ambiances <> mekân
ambidexter <> iki
ambidexter <> iki 
ambidexterity <> iki
ambidexterity <> iki 
ambidextrous <> çok
ambidextrous <> çok 
ambidextrous <> elind
ambidextrous <> iki 
ambience <> çevre
ambience <> ambia
ambience <> hava
ambience <> ortam
ambiences <> ORTAM
ambient <> çevre
ambient <> ortam
ambients <> ortam
ambiguities <> belir
ambiguity <> şüphe
ambiguity <> anlam
ambiguity <> belir
ambiguity <> iki 
ambiguous <> belir
ambiguous <> iki 
ambiguous <> lasti
ambiguous <> müphe
ambit <> çevre
ambit <> alan
ambit <> etraf
ambit <> muhit
ambit <> ortam
ambition <> hırs
ambition <> heves
ambition <> ihtir
ambition <> tutku
ambitioning <> hırsı
ambitions <> hırsl
ambitious <> arzul
ambitious <> başar
ambitious <> hırsl
ambitious <> heves
ambitious <> ihtir
ambitious <> istek
ambitious <> tutku
ambitiously <> iddia
ambitiousness <> hırsl
ambitiousness <> heves
ambitiousness <> tutku
ambivalence <> çeliş
ambivalence <> duygu
ambivalence <> karşı
ambivalent <> duygu
ambivalent <> karış
ambivalent <> karar
ambivalently <> çeliş
amble <> rahva
amble <> salla
amble <> yavaş
ambler <> eşkin
ambler <> rahva
ambling <> Ambli
amblygonite <> Ambli
amblyopes <> ambli
amblyopia <> ambli
amblyopic <> ambli
ambo <> AMBO
amboceptor <> ambos
ambon <> Ambon
ambonite <> Ambon
ambrite <> Ambri
ambrose <> Ambro
ambrosia <> çok
ambrosia <> çok 
ambrosia <> ölüms
ambrosia <> tadı
ambrosia <> tanrı
ambrosial <> güzel
ambrosial <> mükem
ambrosial <> nefis
ambrosine <> Ambro
ambu <> Ambu
ambulacral <> Ambul
ambulacrum <> Ambul
ambulance <> ambul
ambulance <> canku
ambulance <> gezic
ambulances <> ambul
ambulant <> ayakt
ambulant <> gezic
ambulant <> hasta
ambulant <> seyya
ambulate <> ambul
ambulated <> ambul
ambulating <> fleki
ambulation <> ambul
ambulatory <> ayakt
ambulatory <> gezic
ambulatory <> gezil
ambulatory <> kemer
ambulatory <> seyya
ambuscade <> pusu
ambuscade <> pusuy
ambuscade <> tuzağ
ambuscade <> tuzak
ambush <> pusu
ambush <> pusuy
ambush <> tuzak
ambushed <> pusuy
ambusher <> pusuc
ambusher <> tuzak
ambushes <> pusu
ambushing <> pusu
ambustion <> Pisik
ameba <> amip
amebic <> amibi
amebic <> amipl
ameer <> emir
amelanotic <> amela
ameliorate <> düzel
ameliorate <> geliş
ameliorate <> iyile
ameliorated <> iyile
ameliorates <> düzel
ameliorating <> iyile
amelioration <> düzel
amelioration <> geliş
amelioration <> iyile
ameliorations <> iyile
ameliorative <> düzel
ameliorative <> iyile
ameloblasts <> amelo
amen <> öyle
amen <> amin
amen <> haklı
amenable <> bağlı
amenable <> cevap
amenable <> mükel
amenable <> sorum
amenable <> tabi
amenable <> uysal
amenable <> yüküm
amenable <> yumuş
amenably <> uysal
amenably <> yumuş
amend <> düzel
amend <> değiş
amend <> iyile
amendable <> düzel
amendable <> iyile
amendatory <> düzel
amendatory <> iyile
amended <> tadil
amending <> tadil
amendment <> düzel
amendment <> değiş
amendment <> iyile
amendment <> yasa
amendment <> yasay
amendments <> Değiş
amends <> özür
amends <> tazmi
amends <> telâf
amends <> zarar
amenities <> kolay
amenities <> rahat
amenities <> yaşam
amenity <> hoş 
amenity <> hoşlu
amenity <> tatlı
amenorrhea <> ameno
amenorrhoea <> ameno
ament <> Ament
amenta <> Ament
amerce <> para
amercement <> ceza
amercement <> para
americas <> Ameri
americium <> ameri
amesite <> Amesi
amethyst <> ameti
amethyst <> mor 
amia <> Amia
amiability <> cana
amiability <> sevim
amiability <> tatlı
amiable <> cana
amiable <> sıcak
amiable <> sevim
amiable <> sokul
amiable <> tatlı
amiably <> dostç
amianthus <> amyan
amianthus <> pamuk
amic <> AMIC
amicable <> barış
amicable <> dostç
amicable <> dosta
amicably <> barış
amicably <> dostç
amicably <> dosta
amicus <> Amicu
amid <> arası
amid <> ortas
amide <> amit
amides <> amidl
amido <> Amido
amidships <> gemi
amidships <> gemin
amidst <> arası
amidst <> ortas
amifostine <> amifo
amigas <> Amiga
amikacin <> amika
amiloride <> amilo
amination <> aminl
amine <> amin
amines <> aminl
amini <> Amini
aminoacid <> amino
aminoaciduria <> amino
aminoacyl <> amino
aminoantipyrine <> amino
aminobenzoic <> amino
aminobutyric <> amino
aminocaproic <> amino
aminoethyl <> amino
aminogen <> Amino
aminoglutethimide <> Amino
aminoglycoside <> amino
aminoguanidine <> amino
aminolevulinic <> amino
aminopenicillins <> amino
aminopeptidase <> amino
aminophylline <> amino
aminopropyl <> amino
aminosalicylic <> amino
aminotransferase <> amino
aminotransferases <> amino
amins <> Aminl
amiodarone <> Amiod
amir <> emir
amirate <> emare
amirate <> emirl
amirs <> büyük
amiss <> hatal
amiss <> ters
amiss <> yanlı
amiss <> yersi
amit <> Amit
amitriptyline <> amitr
amity <> arkad
amity <> dostç
amity <> dostl
amity <> iyi 
amlodipine <> amlod
ammeter <> amper
ammeters <> amper
ammo <> cepha
ammo <> mühim
ammonia <> amony
ammoniac <> amony
ammoniacal <> amony
ammonification <> amoni
ammonifying <> Amony
ammonite <> ammon
ammonites <> ammon
ammonium <> amony
ammonoidea <> Ammon
ammons <> Ammon
ammos <> Ammos
ammunition <> cepha
ammunition <> koz
ammunition <> saldı
ammunitions <> mühim
amnesia <> amnez
amnesia <> belle
amnesia <> hafız
amnesia <> unutk
amnesiac <> hafız
amnesiac <> unutk
amnesias <> hafız
amnesic <> amnez
amnestic <> amnes
amnesties <> af
amnesty <> af
amnesty <> genel
amniocentesis <> Amniy
amnion <> Amniy
amnionic <> amniy
amniotic <> amniy
amniotomy <> amniy
amoeba <> amip
amoebae <> amipl
amoebas <> amip
amoebiasis <> amebi
amoebic <> amibi
amoebic <> amipl
amok <> bunal
among <> arası
among <> içind
amongst <> arası
amongst <> içind
amontillado <> Amont
amoral <> ahlâk
amoral <> amora
amoral <> töred
amorality <> ahlak
amorist <> çapkı
amorist <> aşık
amorist <> kadın
amorites <> Amorl
amoroso <> Amoro
amorous <> aşık
amorous <> aşk
amorous <> aşkla
amorous <> tutku
amorousness <> aşıkl
amorousness <> tutku
amorph <> amorf
amorpha <> Amorp
amorphophallus <> Amorp
amorphous <> şekil
amorphous <> amorf
amorphous <> biçim
amortisation <> aşınm
amortisation <> amort
amortisation <> itfa
amortisation <> sönüm
amortised <> itfa
amortises <> amort
amortising <> amort
amortizable <> Tüken
amortization <> aşınm
amortization <> amort
amortization <> itfa
amortization <> sönüm
amortize <> amort
amortize <> itfa
amortize <> sönüm
amortized <> itfa
amortizes <> amort
amosite <> amosi
amount <> önem
amount <> anlam
amount <> değer
amount <> eşit
amount <> ifade
amount <> mikta
amount <> sonuc
amount <> topla
amount <> tutar
amounted <> tutar
amounting <> tutar
amounts <> mikta
amour <> aşk
amour <> aşk 
amour <> amour
amoxicillin <> amoks
amoxycillin <> amoks
amp <> amper
amp <> ampli
amp <> yükse
ampelite <> Ampel
amperage <> amper
amperages <> amper
ampere <> amper
amperemeter <> amper
amperes <> amper
amperometer <> Amper
amperometric <> amper
amperometry <> Amper
ampers <> Amper
ampersand <> işare
ampersand <> imi
ampersands <> amper
amphetamine <> amfet
amphetamines <> amfet
amphi <> amfi
amphibia <> amfib
amphibia <> suda
amphibian <> amfib
amphibian <> karad
amphibian <> suda
amphibian <> yüzer
amphibians <> amfib
amphibious <> amfib
amphibious <> karad
amphibious <> yüzer
amphibole <> amfib
amphiboles <> amfib
amphibolite <> amfib
amphibolites <> amfib
amphibolitic <> amfib
amphineura <> Amfin
amphiphiles <> amfif
amphiphilic <> amfif
amphipoda <> Amphi
amphiprion <> Amphi
amphitheater <> amfi
amphitheater <> amfit
amphitheaters <> amfit
amphitheatre <> amfi
amphitheatre <> amfit
amphitheatres <> amfil
amphitheatrically <> amfit
amphitryon <> Amphi
ampholyte <> Amfol
amphora <> çift
amphora <> amfor
amphorae <> amfor
amphoras <> amfor
amphoteric <> amfot
amphotericin <> amfot
ampicillin <> ampis
ample <> çok
ample <> büyük
ample <> bol
ample <> geniş
ample <> heybe
ample <> iri
ample <> kâfi
ample <> yeter
ampleness <> çoklu
ampleness <> büyük
ampleness <> bollu
ampleness <> geniş
amplicon <> Ampli
amplification <> ampli
amplification <> ayrın
amplification <> büyüt
amplification <> geniş
amplification <> sesi
amplifications <> büyüt
amplified <> ampli
amplifier <> ampli
amplifier <> büyüt
amplifier <> hopâr
amplifier <> yükse
amplifiers <> ampli
amplifies <> güçle
amplify <> artır
amplify <> büyüt
amplify <> geniş
amplify <> yükse
amplifying <> yükse
amplitude <> çoklu
amplitude <> bollu
amplitude <> geniş
amplitude <> genli
amplitudes <> ampli
amply <> bol 
amply <> bolca
amply <> fazla
ampoule <> ampul
ampoules <> ampul
amps <> amper
ampule <> ampul
ampules <> ampul
ampulla <> hacı
ampulla <> kutsa
ampullary <> ampul
amputate <> budam
amputate <> kesme
amputate <> organ
amputated <> amput
amputates <> Kopan
amputation <> amput
amputation <> organ
amputation <> uzvun
amputations <> amput
amputee <> organ
amrinone <> amrin
amrit <> Amrit
amrita <> Amrit
amsel <> Amsel
amtrack <> Amtra
amuck <> bunal
amulet <> muska
amulet <> nazar
amulet <> tılsı
amulets <> nazar
amuse <> eğlen
amuse <> güldü
amuse <> neşel
amuse <> oyala
amused <> eğlen
amusement <> eğlen
amusement <> gülün
amusement <> komik
amusement <> oyala
amusements <> Eğlen
amusing <> eğlen
amusing <> gülün
amusing <> komik
amusingly <> eğlen
amygdala <> amigd
amygdales <> Amigd
amygdaloid <> badem
amygdaloidal <> amigd
amyl <> amil
amyl <> nişas
amylaceous <> nişas
amylase <> amila
amylin <> amili
amyloid <> amilo
amyloidogenic <> amilo
amyloidoses <> amilo
amyloidosis <> amilo
amylopectin <> amilo
amylose <> amilo
amylum <> Amylu
amyotrophic <> Amyot
amyotrophy <> amyot
an <> bir
anabaptism <> Anaba
anabaptism <> vafti
anabaptist <> Anaba
anabaptist <> vafti
anabasis <> Anaba
anabolic <> anabo
anabolism <> özüml
anabolism <> anabo
anacardiaceae <> Anaca
anachronism <> anakr
anachronism <> krono
anachronism <> tarih
anachronisms <> anakr
anachronistic <> krono
anacoluthon <> anako
anacoluthon <> cümle
anaconda <> anako
anaconda <> dev 
anacondas <> Anaco
anacreontic <> Anakr
anacrusis <> Anacr
anaemia <> anemi
anaemia <> kansı
anaemias <> anemi
anaemic <> anemi
anaemic <> beti
anaemic <> kansı
anaemic <> solgu
anaerobe <> anaer
anaerobes <> anaer
anaerobic <> anaer
anaerobically <> anaer
anaerobiosis <> anaer
anaesthesia <> anest
anaesthesia <> duyu
anaesthesia <> duyum
anaesthesia <> hissi
anaesthesia <> uyuşm
anaesthesia <> uyuşt
anaesthesiologist <> anest
anaesthesiologists <> anest
anaesthesiology <> Anest
anaesthetic <> anest
anaesthetic <> uyuşt
anaesthetics <> anest
anaesthetised <> anest
anaesthetist <> anest
anaesthetist <> narko
anaesthetists <> anest
anaesthetize <> narko
anaesthetize <> uyuşt
anaesthetize <> uyutm
anaesthetized <> anest
anaesthetizing <> Narko
anagallis <> Anaga
anagen <> anaje
anaglyph <> anagl
anaglyph <> kabar
anagram <> çevri
anagram <> evirm
anagram <> harfl
anakim <> Anaki
anal <> anüs
anal <> anüst
anal <> anal
analcime <> anals
analcite <> Anals
analcitite <> Anals
analects <> seçme
analemma <> Anale
analgesia <> ağrı
analgesia <> ağrın
analgesia <> analj
analgesic <> ağrı
analgesic <> analj
analgesics <> analj
analogic <> analo
analogic <> andır
analogic <> benze
analogical <> analo
analogical <> andır
analogical <> benze
analogies <> analo
analogized <> kıyas
analogous <> analo
analogous <> andır
analogous <> benze
analogously <> analo
analogs <> analo
analogue <> analo
analogue <> benze
analogues <> analo
analogy <> örnek
analogy <> analo
analogy <> benze
analogy <> kıyas
analogy <> karşı
analysable <> anali
analysand <> anali
analyse <> çözüm
analyse <> anali
analyse <> araşt
analyse <> incel
analyse <> tahli
analysed <> anali
analyser <> anali
analyser <> tahli
analysers <> anali
analyses <> anali
analysing <> anali
analysis <> çözüm
analysis <> anali
analysis <> incel
analysis <> tahli
analysises <> anali
analyst <> anali
analyst <> araşt
analyst <> tahli
analysts <> Anali
analyte <> anali
analytic <> çözüm
analytic <> anali
analytical <> çözüm
analytical <> anali
analytically <> anali
analyticity <> anali
analytics <> analy
analytics <> mantı
analyzable <> çözüm
analyzable <> anali
analyze <> çözüm
analyze <> anali
analyze <> araşt
analyze <> incel
analyze <> tahli
analyzed <> anali
analyzer <> anali
analyzer <> tahli
analyzers <> anali
analyzes <> anali
analyzing <> anali
anamneses <> anamn
anamnesis <> hasta
anamnesis <> hatır
anamnestic <> anamn
anamorph <> anamo
anamorphic <> anamo
anandamide <> anand
anapaest <> feilü
anapest <> feilü
anaphase <> anafa
anaphora <> artgö
anaphrodisiac <> anafr
anaphrodisiac <> cinse
anaphylactic <> anafi
anaphylactoid <> anafi
anaphylatoxin <> anafl
anaphylaxis <> aşırı
anaphylaxis <> anafi
anaplasia <> anapl
anaplasmosis <> anapl
anaplastic <> anapl
anarchic <> anarş
anarchical <> anarş
anarchism <> anarş
anarchism <> karga
anarchisms <> anarş
anarchist <> anarş
anarchistic <> anarş
anarchists <> anarş
anarchy <> anarş
anarchy <> başıb
anarchy <> başsı
anarchy <> karga
anas <> anast
anastasis <> Anast
anastomose <> anast
anastomosed <> anast
anastomoses <> anast
anastomosing <> Anast
anastomosis <> anast
anastomosis <> kesiş
anastomotic <> anast
anatase <> Anata
anathema <> aforo
anathema <> lânet
anathema <> lanet
anathema <> nefre
anathemas <> aforo
anathematize <> afaro
anathematize <> lanet
anatidae <> Anati
anatomic <> anato
anatomical <> anato
anatomically <> anato
anatomies <> anato
anatomist <> anali
anatomist <> anato
anatomist <> incel
anatomists <> anato
anatomize <> açıml
anatomize <> dikka
anatomize <> parça
anatomy <> anali
anatomy <> anato
anatomy <> incel
anatomy <> vücut
anatoxin <> anato
anceps <> ansep
ancestor <> ata
ancestor <> cet
ancestor <> dede
ancestor <> soy
ancestorial <> Soy
ancestors <> atala
ancestors <> soy
ancestral <> atala
ancestry <> atala
ancestry <> ecdat
ancestry <> soy
anchor <> çapa
anchor <> açık
anchor <> dayan
anchor <> demir
anchor <> güven
anchor <> lenge
anchor <> sağla
anchor <> sunuc
anchorage <> dayan
anchorage <> demir
anchorage <> deste
anchorage <> güven
anchorages <> ankra
anchored <> demir
anchoress <> toplu
anchoress <> yalnı
anchoring <> ankra
anchorite <> toplu
anchorite <> yalnı
anchors <> çapa
anchovies <> hamsi
anchovy <> ançue
anchovy <> hamsi
anchusa <> öküzd
anchusa <> sığır
ancient <> çok 
ancient <> eski
ancient <> eskid
anciently <> eski
anciently <> eskid
anciently <> eskil
ancients <> eski
ancients <> eskil
ancients <> klasi
ancilla <> Ancil
ancillary <> yan
ancillary <> yardı
ancon <> ankon
ancon <> dirse
and <> ve
andalusite <> andal
andante <> andan
andante <> yarı
andantino <> andan
andernach <> Ander
andersonite <> Ander
andersson <> Ander
andesine <> andez
andesite <> andez
andesites <> andez
andesitic <> andez
andirin <> Andır
andiron <> ocak
andradite <> andra
andrew <> İskoç
andrew <> andre
androgen <> andro
androgenetic <> Andro
androgenic <> andro
androgenization <> hirsu
androgenous <> çift
androgenous <> erdiş
androgenous <> ersel
androgens <> andro
androgeny <> andro
androgynous <> çift
androgynous <> erdiş
androgynous <> ersel
androgyny <> andro
android <> andro
android <> insan
androids <> Andro
andrologist <> andro
andrology <> Andro
andronicus <> Andro
androns <> andro
androstenediol <> Andro
androstenedione <> andro
androsterone <> Andro
ands <> Eleşt
anecdotal <> anekd
anecdotal <> fıkra
anecdote <> anekd
anecdote <> fıkra
anecdote <> hikây
anecdote <> kısa
anecdotes <> anekd
anecdotic <> fıkra
anecdotical <> fıkra
anechoic <> aneko
anelasticity <> elast
aneles <> AnelE
anemia <> anemi
anemia <> kansı
anemias <> anemi
anemic <> anemi
anemic <> beti
anemic <> kansı
anemic <> solgu
anemograph <> anemo
anemograph <> rüzgâ
anemometer <> anemo
anemometer <> rüzgâ
anemometers <> anemo
anemone <> anemo
anemone <> dağlâ
anemone <> deniz
anemones <> anemo
anencephalic <> anens
anencephaly <> anens
anent <> anent
anent <> dair
anent <> ilgil
anergy <> anerj
aneroid <> kadra
aneroid <> sıvıs
anes <> Anes
anesthesia <> anest
anesthesia <> duyu
anesthesia <> duyum
anesthesia <> hissi
anesthesia <> uyuşm
anesthesia <> uyuşt
anesthesias <> anest
anesthesiologist <> anest
anesthesiologists <> anest
anesthesiology <> anest
anesthesis <> anest
anesthetic <> anest
anesthetic <> uyuşt
anesthetics <> anest
anesthetised <> Narko
anesthetist <> anest
anesthetist <> narko
anesthetists <> anest
anesthetize <> narko
anesthetize <> uyuşt
anesthetize <> uyutm
anesthetized <> anest
anesthetizing <> anest
anet <> Anet
anethole <> aneto
aneuploid <> anöpl
aneuploidies <> anöpl
aneuploidy <> anöpl
aneurin <> Aneur
aneurism <> damar
aneurismal <> anevr
aneurisms <> anevr
aneurysm <> anevr
aneurysmal <> anevr
aneurysmatic <> anevr
aneurysmectomy <> anevr
aneurysms <> anevr
anew <> başta
anew <> bir 
anew <> tekra
anew <> yenid
anga <> ANGA
angaralite <> Angar
angary <> angar
angary <> savaş
angel <> iyili
angel <> melek
angel <> spons
angelas <> Angel
angeleyes <> Angel
angelfish <> keler
angelfish <> maymu
angelic <> melek
angelica <> melek
angelical <> melek
angelman <> Angel
angels <> melek
angelus <> İsa'n
anger <> öfke
anger <> öfkel
anger <> darıl
anger <> dargı
anger <> hırs
anger <> hidde
anger <> kızdı
anger <> kızgı
anger <> kızma
anger <> sinir
angered <> kızdı
angering <> kızdı
angiitis <> anjii
angina <> anjin
angina <> boğaz
angina <> faran
angio <> anjio
angiocardiographic <> anjiy
angiodysplasia <> anjiy
angioedema <> anjiy
angiofibroma <> Anjiy
angiofibromas <> Anjiy
angiofollicular <> anjiy
angiogenesis <> anjiy
angiogenic <> anjio
angiogram <> anjiy
angiograms <> anjio
angiograph <> anjiy
angiographic <> anjiy
angiographies <> anjiy
angiography <> anjiy
angioid <> Anjio
angioinvasive <> anjio
angiokeratoma <> anjio
angiolipoma <> anjiy
angiolymphoid <> anjio
angioma <> anjiy
angiomas <> anjio
angiomatosis <> anjio
angiomatous <> anjio
angiomyolipoma <> anjiy
angiomyxoma <> anjiy
angioneurotic <> anjiy
angiopathy <> anjiy
angioplasty <> anjiy
angiosarcoma <> anjiy
angioscopy <> anjiy
angiosperm <> Angio
angiospermae <> Angio
angiosperms <> Angio
angiotensin <> anjiy
angiotensinogen <> anjiy
angitis <> anjit
angle <> çarpı
angle <> açı
angle <> dirse
angle <> görüş
angle <> köşe
angle <> kıvır
angle <> olta
angle <> saptı
angle <> tarz
angle <> yol
angled <> açılı
angled <> köşel
angler <> fener
angler <> olta
angles <> açıla
anglesite <> angle
anglicism <> İngil
anglicist <> İngil
anglicize <> ingil
angling <> olta
anglomania <> İngil
anglophile <> İngil
anglophile <> Anglo
anglophobe <> İngil
anglophobe <> Anglo
anglophobia <> İngil
anglophone <> ingil
angola <> Angor
angola <> tifti
angora <> Angor
angora <> tifti
angostura <> angos
angostura <> güzel
angrily <> öfkey
angrily <> fena
angrily <> hidde
angrily <> kızgı
angry <> öfkel
angry <> fırtı
angry <> hırsl
angry <> hidde
angry <> iltih
angry <> kızar
angry <> kızgı
angry <> kızmı
angst <> angst
angst <> endiş
angst <> pişma
angstroms <> angst
anguish <> ızdır
anguish <> acı
angular <> çöp 
angular <> açılı
angular <> açısa
angular <> köşel
angular <> kemik
angular <> sevim
angular <> soğuk
angularity <> açılı
angularity <> aşırı
angularity <> köşel
angularity <> sevim
angulated <> açılı
angulation <> açıla
angulations <> açıla
angulo <> Angul
anhang <> Anhan
anharmonic <> anhar
anhedonia <> anhed
anhedral <> özşek
anhepatic <> anhep
anhydrase <> anhid
anhydride <> anhid
anhydrides <> anhid
anhydrite <> anhid
anhydrites <> anhid
anhydrous <> susuz
aniconic <> Sembo
anil <> çivit
anile <> Anıl
anilides <> Anili
aniline <> anili
anilines <> anili
animadversion <> eleşt
animadversion <> kınam
animadversion <> sitem
animadversion <> tenki
animadvert <> eleşt
animadvert <> tenki
animal <> hayva
animalcule <> hayva
animalcule <> mikro
animalcules <> hayva
animalia <> ANIMA
animalism <> hayva
animalistic <> hayva
animalize <> Anima
animals <> hayva
animas <> Anima
animate <> anime
animate <> canlı
animate <> canla
animate <> diril
animate <> harek
animate <> hayat
animate <> neşel
animate <> yaşay
animated <> anime
animated <> canlı
animated <> canla
animated <> hayat
animated <> neşel
animatics <> anima
animating <> anima
animation <> çizgi
animation <> şevk
animation <> anima
animation <> canlı
animation <> canla
animation <> heyec
animations <> anima
animato <> Anima
animator <> çizgi
animator <> anima
animator <> canla
animator <> neşel
animators <> Anima
animatronic <> Anima
animatronics <> anima
animism <> animi
animism <> canlı
animistic <> animi
animosities <> düşma
animosity <> düşma
animosity <> husum
animosity <> kin
animosity <> nefre
animus <> düşma
animus <> kin
animus <> nefre
anion <> anyon
anionic <> anyon
anionically <> anyon
anionics <> Anion
anions <> anyon
aniridia <> aniri
anis <> anaso
anise <> anaso
aniseed <> anaso
anisette <> anaso
anisette <> rakı
anisometric <> anizo
anisometropia <> anizo
anisometropic <> anizo
anisotropic <> anizo
anisotropy <> anizo
ankaramite <> Ankar
anker <> Anker
ankerite <> anker
ankh <> Ankh
ankle <> ayak
ankle <> yürüm
anklebone <> aşık
ankles <> ayak
anklet <> ayak
anklet <> halha
anklet <> kısa
anklet <> soket
anklets <> halha
ankush <> Ankus
ankylosaurus <> Ankyl
ankylosing <> Ankil
ankylosis <> ankil
anlage <> Anlag
anlagen <> Anlag
anlas <> Anlaş
annabergite <> Anabe
annalise <> annal
annalist <> kroni
annalist <> tarih
annals <> kroni
annals <> tarih
annas <> Annas
anneal <> sertl
anneal <> tav 
anneal <> tavla
annealed <> tavla
annealing <> tavla
annelid <> halka
annelida <> Annel
annelids <> annel
annex <> ek
annex <> ek 
annex <> eklem
annex <> eklen
annex <> haber
annex <> ilave
annex <> katma
annex <> topra
annexation <> eklem
annexation <> ilhak
annexation <> katıl
annexation <> katma
annexation <> topra
annexationist <> ilhak
annexations <> ilhak
annexe <> annex
annexe <> ek 
annexe <> ilave
annexed <> ekli
annexed <> ilişi
annexes <> Ekler
annexin <> Annex
annexing <> eklen
annihilate <> bozma
annihilate <> eleme
annihilate <> feshe
annihilate <> imha
annihilate <> iptal
annihilate <> ortad
annihilate <> yenme
annihilate <> yoket
annihilated <> yok
annihilating <> yok
annihilation <> ölüml
annihilation <> imha
annihilation <> iptal
annihilation <> yok 
annihilator <> Annih
anniversaries <> yıldö
anniversary <> yıldö
annona <> Annon
annotate <> çıkma
annotate <> açıkl
annotate <> dipno
annotated <> açıkl
annotating <> notla
annotation <> çıkma
annotation <> açıkl
annotation <> dipno
annotation <> not
annotations <> açıkl
annotator <> yorum
announce <> adayl
announce <> anons
announce <> bildi
announce <> duyur
announce <> ilan
announce <> okuma
announced <> ilan
announcement <> anons
announcement <> bildi
announcement <> duyur
announcement <> haber
announcement <> ilan
announcements <> duyur
announcer <> ilan
announcer <> sözcü
announcer <> spike
announcer <> sunuc
announcers <> spike
announces <> duyur
announcing <> ilan
annoy <> canın
annoy <> gıcık
annoy <> huzur
annoy <> kızdı
annoy <> rahat
annoy <> sataş
annoy <> sinir
annoy <> taciz
annoyance <> baş 
annoyance <> kızdı
annoyance <> rahat
annoyance <> sıkın
annoyances <> can
annoyed <> kızgı
annoyed <> rahat
annoyed <> sinir
annoying <> başağ
annoying <> can 
annoying <> göze
annoying <> kızdı
annoying <> rahat
annoying <> sıkın
annoying <> sinir
annoyingly <> can 
annoyingly <> sinir
annoys <> canın
anns <> YSA
annual <> bir 
annual <> her 
annual <> senel
annual <> yıllı
annualised <> yıllı
annualized <> yıllı
annually <> yıllı
annuals <> yıllı
annuitant <> yıllı
annuities <> maaşl
annuity <> rant
annuity <> yıllı
annul <> bozma
annul <> feshe
annul <> iptal
annular <> daire
annular <> halka
annular <> yuvar
annulare <> anula
annulate <> halka
annulated <> halka
annulled <> feshe
annulled <> iptal
annulled <> kaldı
annulling <> iptal
annulment <> bozma
annulment <> fesih
annulment <> iptal
annuloplasty <> anülo
annulus <> halka
annunciate <> bildi
annunciate <> duyur
annunciate <> ilan
annunciation <> duyur
annunciation <> haber
annunciation <> ilan
annunciator <> sinyâ
anode <> anot
anode <> artı
anode <> pozit
anodes <> anotl
anodic <> anodi
anodisation <> anodi
anodised <> anotl
anodising <> Eloks
anodization <> anodi
anodize <> anotl
anodized <> anodi
anodizing <> Eloks
anodonta <> Anodo
anodyne <> ağrı
anodyne <> rahat
anodyne <> sakin
anodyne <> uyuşt
anodyne <> yatış
anodynes <> Bunla
anoestrus <> anöst
anoint <> kutsa
anoint <> yağla
anointed <> meshe
anointment <> yağla
anointment <> yaşla
anole <> Anole
anolyte <> Anoli
anomalies <> anoma
anomalistic <> ayrık
anomaloscope <> Anoma
anomalous <> anorm
anomalous <> aykır
anomalous <> kural
anomaly <> anoma
anomaly <> anorm
anomaly <> aykır
anomaly <> kural
anomer <> anome
anomeric <> anome
anomia <> Anomi
anomie <> anomi
anon <> çok
anon <> çok 
anon <> şimdi
anon <> bir 
anon <> derha
anon <> hemen
anonym <> anoni
anonym <> imzas
anonym <> isims
anonyma <> Anony
anonymisation <> anoni
anonymised <> anoni
anonymity <> anoni
anonymity <> imzas
anonymity <> yarat
anonymization <> anoni
anonymize <> anoni
anonymized <> anoni
anonymizes <> anoni
anonymous <> anoni
anonymous <> imzas
anonymous <> isims
anonymous <> yarat
anonymously <> anoni
anopheles <> anofe
anopheles <> sıtma
anophthalmia <> anoft
anoplura <> Anopl
anorak <> anora
anorak <> yağmu
anoraks <> anora
anorectal <> anore
anorectic <> anore
anorexia <> anore
anorexia <> iştah
anorexic <> anore
anorexigenic <> anore
anorganic <> anorg
anorgasmia <> anorg
anorogenic <> Anoro
anorthite <> anort
anorthoclase <> Anort
anorthosite <> anort
anoscopy <> anosk
anosmia <> anozm
anosmia <> koku
anosognosia <> HA
another <> öbür
another <> ayrı
another <> başka
another <> bamba
another <> bir 
another <> diğer
another <> farkl
anovulation <> anovu
anovulatory <> anovu
anoxaemia <> anoks
anoxaemia <> kanda
anoxemia <> anoks
anoxemia <> kanda
anoxia <> anoks
anoxia <> kanda
anoxic <> anoks
ansas <> Ağı
anserine <> kaz
anserine <> kaz 
answer <> çözüm
answer <> bakma
answer <> cevap
answer <> karşı
answer <> kefil
answer <> misil
answer <> tanım
answer <> tepki
answer <> uymak
answer <> yanıt
answer <> yerin
answer <> yetme
answerable <> cevap
answerable <> sorum
answerable <> uygun
answerable <> yerin
answered <> cevap
answerer <> yanıt
answering <> cevap
answerphone <> teles
answers <> cevap
ant <> karın
antacid <> antia
antacid <> mide
antacids <> antas
antagonise <> aleyh
antagonise <> düşma
antagonise <> kışkı
antagonise <> karşı
antagonised <> antag
antagonising <> antag
antagonism <> antag
antagonism <> düşma
antagonism <> kin
antagonism <> rekab
antagonism <> zıtlı
antagonisms <> karşı
antagonist <> düşma
antagonist <> hasım
antagonist <> karşı
antagonist <> muhal
antagonist <> rakip
antagonistic <> düşma
antagonistic <> karşı
antagonistic <> muhal
antagonists <> antag
antagonization <> antag
antagonize <> aleyh
antagonize <> düşma
antagonize <> kışkı
antagonize <> karşı
antagonized <> antag
antagonizes <> antag
antagonizing <> antag
antar <> Antar
antara <> Antar
antarctic <> Antar
antarctic <> güney
antas <> Antas
ante <> ödeme
ante <> önce
ante <> bop
ante <> evvel
ante <> giriş
ante <> para
antebellum <> iç 
antebellum <> savaş
antecedence <> öncel
antecedence <> evvel
antecedence <> yıldı
antecedent <> öncül
antecedent <> önce
antecedent <> öncek
antecedent <> evvel
antecedent <> yerin
antecedents <> geçmi
antecedents <> mazi
antechamber <> antre
antechamber <> bekle
antechamber <> giriş
antechambers <> sofa
antecubital <> antek
antedate <> önce
antedate <> geçmi
antedate <> sezme
antediluvian <> çok 
antediluvian <> eski
antediluvian <> tufan
antegrade <> anteg
antelope <> antil
antelopes <> antil
antenatal <> doğum
antenatally <> anten
antenna <> anten
antenna <> duyar
antennae <> anten
antennas <> anten
antennata <> Anten
antenuptial <> nikâh
antepenultimate <> sonda
antepost <> Antep
anterior <> ön
anterior <> öncek
anterior <> öndek
anterior <> evvel
anteriorly <> anter
anterograde <> anter
anterolaterally <> anter
anteroom <> antre
anteroom <> bekle
anteroom <> giriş
anteroposteriorly <> anter
anterosuperior <> anter
antes <> antel
anteversion <> antev
anthelion <> bulut
anthem <> ilahi
anthem <> marş
anthemis <> Anthe
anthems <> marşl
anther <> anter
anther <> ercik
anthers <> anter
anthesteria <> Anthe
anthill <> karın
anthocyanidins <> antos
anthocyanin <> antos
anthocyanins <> antos
anthocyans <> antos
anthological <> antol
anthologies <> antol
anthologist <> antol
anthology <> antol
anthology <> gülde
anthology <> seçme
anthracite <> antra
anthracite <> parla
anthracite <> taşkö
anthracnose <> antra
anthracosis <> antra
anthracotic <> antra
anthracycline <> antra
anthracyclines <> antra
anthralin <> antra
anthranilate <> antra
anthraquinone <> antra
anthrax <> şarbo
anthrax <> şirpe
anthrax <> antra
anthrax <> karak
anthropic <> antro
anthropocentric <> antro
anthropogenic <> antro
anthropogenically <> İnsan
anthropogeography <> Beşer
anthropoid <> antra
anthropoid <> antro
anthropoid <> insan
anthropologic <> antro
anthropological <> antro
anthropological <> insan
anthropologically <> antro
anthropologist <> antro
anthropologist <> insan
anthropologists <> antro
anthropology <> antro
anthropology <> insan
anthropometric <> antro
anthropometrical <> antro
anthropometrics <> antro
anthropometry <> antro
anthropometry <> insan
anthropomorphic <> insan
anthropomorphism <> insan
anthropomorphists <> teşbi
anthropomorphous <> insan
anthropophagi <> yamya
anthropophagous <> insan
anthropophagous <> yamya
anthropophagy <> insan
anthropophagy <> yamya
anthroposophists <> antro
anthroposphere <> antro
anthryl <> antri
anthurium <> antor
anthuriums <> antor
anti <> anti
anti <> karşı
anti <> muhal
antiadrenergics <> antia
antiaging <> Antia
antiaircraft <> uçaks
antiallergic <> antia
antiandrogen <> antia
antiandrogenic <> antia
antiandrogens <> antia
antianginal <> antia
antianxiety <> antia
antiar <> antia
antiarrhythmic <> antia
antiarrhythmics <> antia
antiauthoritarian <> anti-
antibacterial <> antib
antibacterials <> antib
antiballistic <> antib
antibiogram <> antib
antibiosis <> antib
antibiotherapy <> antib
antibiotic <> antib
antibiotics <> antib
antibodies <> antik
antibody <> antik
antibonding <> antib
antiboycott <> antib
antic <> acayi
antic <> antik
antic <> maska
antic <> tuhaf
anticaking <> topak
anticancer <> antik
anticapitalism <> antik
anticapitalist <> antik
anticarcinogenic <> antik
anticardiolipin <> antik
anticathode <> antik
anticholinergic <> antik
anticholinergics <> antik
anticholinesterase <> antik
anticholinesterases <> antik
antichrist <> Decca
antichrist <> decca
antichrist <> sahte
antichristian <> Hrist
anticipate <> önce
anticipate <> önced
anticipate <> bekle
anticipate <> gelec
anticipate <> söyle
anticipate <> sezme
anticipate <> tahmi
anticipate <> ummak
anticipated <> bekle
anticipates <> bekli
anticipating <> tahmi
anticipation <> önced
anticipation <> bekle
anticipation <> sezme
anticipation <> tahmi
anticipation <> umma
anticipations <> öngör
anticipatory <> önced
anticipatory <> ileri
anticlerical <> papaz
anticlerical <> rahip
anticlimax <> düş
anticlimax <> düş 
anticlimax <> heyec
anticlinal <> antik
anticline <> antik
anticlines <> antik
anticlinorium <> antik
anticlockwise <> saati
anticlogging <> Sulam
anticoagulan <> antik
anticoagulant <> antik
anticoagulants <> antik
anticoagulated <> Antik
anticoagulation <> antik
anticoagulative <> antik
anticodon <> antik
anticollision <> çarpı
anticommunism <> antik
anticommunist <> anti-
anticompetitive <> rekab
anticonvulsant <> antik
anticonvulsants <> antik
anticonvulsive <> antik
anticor <> antik
anticorrosion <> koroz
anticorrosive <> pas
anticorrosive <> pas 
anticorruption <> yolsu
antics <> acayi
antics <> antik
antics <> maska
antics <> soyta
antics <> tuhaf
anticyclone <> antis
anticyclone <> yükse
antidemocratic <> antid
antidemocratic <> demok
antidepressant <> Antid
antidepressants <> antid
antidepressive <> antid
antidiabetic <> antid
antidiabetics <> antid
antidiarrheal <> anti
antidiscrimination <> ayrım
antidiuresis <> antid
antidiuretic <> antid
antidopaminergic <> antid
antidotal <> panze
antidote <> çare
antidote <> panze
antidotes <> panze
antidumping <> anti-
antiemetic <> antie
antiemetics <> antie
antiendotoxin <> antie
antiepileptic <> Antie
antiepileptics <> antie
antifascism <> Antif
antifascist <> antif
antifascists <> antif
antifebrile <> ateş
antiferromagnetic <> antif
antiferromagnetism <> antif
antifibrinolytic <> antif
antifoam <> köpük
antifoaming <> köpük
antifoulings <> zehir
antifraud <> sahte
antifreeze <> antif
antifreeze <> donma
antifreezes <> antif
antifriction <> sürtü
antifungals <> antif
antigen <> antij
antigen <> antik
antigenaemia <> antij
antigenic <> antij
antigenically <> antij
antigenicity <> antij
antigens <> antij
antiglare <> Parla
antigone <> Antig
antigonus <> Antig
antigorite <> antig
antigovernment <> karşı
antiguan <> Antig
antiguerrilla <> geril
antihelix <> antih
antihemophilic <> Antih
antihistamine <> antih
antihistamines <> antih
antihistaminic <> antih
antihistaminics <> antih
antihuman <> antii
antihypertensive <> antih
antihypertensives <> antih
antiinflammatory <> antii
antijam <> paraz
antiknock <> vurun
antilles <> Antil
antimacassar <> koltu
antimagnetic <> Anti-
antimalarials <> antim
antimanic <> antim
antimatter <> antim
antimesenteric <> antim
antimetabolite <> antim
antimetabolites <> antim
antimicrobial <> antim
antimicrobials <> antim
antimicrobic <> antim
antimilitarism <> antim
antimilitarists <> antim
antimissile <> füzes
antimonate <> antim
antimonial <> antim
antimonials <> antim
antimonite <> Antim
antimony <> antim
antimony <> rastı
antimuscarinic <> antim
antimutagenic <> antim
antimycotic <> antim
antinausea <> Bulan
antineoplastic <> antin
antineoplastics <> Antin
antineutrophil <> antin
antinomy <> çeliş
antinomy <> antin
antinomy <> karşı
antinomy <> zıtlı
antinous <> Antin
antinuclear <> antin
antiobesity <> antio
antioxidant <> antio
antioxidants <> antio
antiparallel <> antip
antiparasite <> antip
antiparasitic <> antip
antiparticle <> antip
antiparticles <> karşı
antipasti <> mezel
antipasto <> meze
antipathetic <> antip
antipathetic <> karşı
antipathetic <> zıt 
antipathetical <> antip
antipathetical <> karşı
antipathetical <> zıt 
antipathy <> antip
antipathy <> hoşla
antipathy <> nefre
antipersonnel <> antip
antiperspirant <> terle
antiperspirants <> antip
antiperthite <> Antip
antiphase <> zıtev
antiphlogistic <> antif
antiphlogistic <> iltih
antiphony <> antif
antiphony <> karşı
antiphospholipid <> Antif
antiphrasis <> kelim
antiphrasis <> zıt
antiphrasis <> zıt 
antiplasmin <> antip
antipodal <> taban
antipodal <> tam
antipodal <> tam 
antipodal <> yerkü
antipodals <> zıtla
antipode <> Antip
antipodean <> taban
antipodean <> tam 
antipodes <> taban
antipodes <> yerkü
antipodes <> zıtlı
antipole <> zıt
antipollution <> çevre
antipollutionist <> çevre
antiprism <> antip
antiproliferative <> antip
antiprotease <> antip
antiprotons <> antip
antiprotozoal <> Antip
antipruritic <> antip
antipsychotic <> antip
antipsychotics <> antip
antipyresis <> antip
antipyretic <> ateş
antipyretics <> antip
antipyrin <> antip
antipyrine <> antip
antiquarian <> antik
antiquarianism <> eski
antiquaries <> antik
antiquarium <> Antiq
antiquark <> antik
antiquarks <> antik
antiquary <> antik
antiquated <> demod
antiquated <> modas
antique <> antik
antique <> eski
antiqueness <> antik
antiques <> antik
antiquing <> eskit
antiquities <> antik
antiquities <> eski
antiquities <> gelen
antiquity <> çok 
antiquity <> Antik
antiquity <> antik
antiquity <> eski
antiquity <> eskil
antiquity <> kalın
antirachitic <> antir
antiracist <> ırkçı
antireflection <> düşük
antireflective <> yansı
antireligious <> din
antiresonance <> antir
antirheumatic <> antir
antiroll <> savru
antirrhinum <> aslan
antirust <> Antip
antis <> in
antisabbatarian <> Cumar
antisecretory <> antis
antisense <> antis
antisepsis <> antis
antiseptic <> antis
antiseptical <> antis
antiseptics <> antis
antisera <> antis
antiskid <> ABS
antislip <> Kayma
antisocial <> antis
antisocial <> toplu
antispasmatic <> antis
antispasmodic <> antis
antispasmodics <> antis
antispastic <> antis
antistatic <> antis
antistress <> antis
antisymmetric <> antis
antitank <> tanks
antiterrorism <> terör
antithesis <> antit
antithesis <> karşı
antithesis <> zıtlı
antithetic <> aykır
antithetic <> karşı
antithetic <> zıt
antithetical <> aykır
antithetical <> karşı
antithetical <> zıt
antithrombin <> antit
antithrombotic <> antit
antithyroglobulin <> antit
antithyroid <> antit
antitoxin <> antit
antitrust <> antit
antitrypsin <> antit
antitubercular <> Antit
antituberculosis <> antit
antituberculous <> antit
antitumor <> antit
antitumoral <> antit
antitumour <> antit
antitussive <> Antit
antitussives <> antit
antitype <> olaca
antivenom <> panze
antivirals <> antiv
antivirus <> antiv
antiwar <> savaş
antiwear <> aşınm
antler <> çatal
antler <> boynu
antlers <> boynu
antlia <> Antli
antofagasta <> Antof
antonym <> anton
antonym <> karşı
antonyms <> zıt
antra <> ANTRA
antrum <> antru
antrum <> boşlu
ants <> karın
antsy <> Antsy
anunnaki <> Anunn
anura <> Anura
anurans <> bitki
anuria <> anüri
anus <> anüs
anus <> makat
anvil <> örs
anvils <> örsle
anxieties <> endiş
anxiety <> bunal
anxiety <> can 
anxiety <> endiş
anxiety <> heves
anxiety <> kaygı
anxiety <> merak
anxiety <> sıkın
anxiety <> vesve
anxiolysis <> anksi
anxiolytic <> anksi
anxiolytics <> anksi
anxious <> can 
anxious <> endiş
anxious <> heves
anxious <> huzur
anxious <> istek
anxious <> kaygı
anxiously <> endiş
any <> Herha
any <> biraz
any <> biri
any <> daha
any <> her
any <> her 
any <> herha
any <> hiç
any <> hiçbi
anybody <> herha
anybody <> hiç 
anybody <> kim 
anybody <> kimse
anyhoo <> Anyho
anyhow <> her 
anyhow <> herha
anyhow <> nasıl
anyhow <> ne 
anymore <> artık
anymore <> bunda
anymore <> daha
anyone <> herha
anyone <> hiç 
anyone <> kim 
anyone <> kimse
anyones <> herke
anyplace <> her
anything <> bir
anything <> bir 
anything <> her 
anything <> herha
anything <> hiçbi
anything <> ne 
anytime <> zaman
anyway <> her 
anyway <> nasıl
anyway <> neyse
anyway <> zaten
anywhen <> Anywh
anywhere <> bir 
anywhere <> herha
anywhere <> hiçbi
anywise <> bir 
anywise <> herha
anywise <> hiçbi
aorist <> aoris
aorist <> geniş
aorta <> ana 
aorta <> aort
aortal <> Aort
aortas <> aort
aortic <> aort
aortocoronary <> aorto
aortography <> aorto
aortoiliac <> Aorto
aortopulmonary <> aorto
apace <> çabuc
apace <> çabuk
apace <> hızla
apace <> sürat
apache <> apaçi
apache <> apach
apache <> sokak
apaches <> Apach
apadana <> Apada
apanage <> doğuş
apanage <> kral'
apar <> APAR
apart <> ayrı
apart <> uzağa
apartheid <> ırkçı
apartheid <> ırk 
apartheid <> ayrım
apartment <> apart
apartment <> daire
apartment <> oda
apartments <> apart
apathetic <> cansı
apathetic <> duygu
apathetic <> hissi
apathetic <> ilgis
apathetic <> kayıt
apathetic <> soğuk
apathetical <> cansı
apathetical <> duygu
apathetical <> hissi
apathetical <> ilgis
apathetical <> kayıt
apathetical <> soğuk
apathy <> apati
apathy <> duygu
apathy <> hissi
apathy <> ilgis
apathy <> soğuk
apatite <> apati
apay <> Apay
ape <> maymu
ape <> takli
apeak <> apiko
apeak <> dikey
apeman <> Cava
aper <> Aper
aperient <> müshi
aperiodic <> periy
aperitif <> apera
aperitif <> iştah
aperitifs <> apera
apers <> Apers
apert <> Apert
aperture <> açıkl
aperture <> aralı
aperture <> delik
apertured <> delik
apertures <> diyaf
apes <> maymu
apeshit <> Apesh
apetalous <> yapra
apex <> doruk
apex <> tepe
apex <> uç
apex <> zirve
apexification <> apeks
aphaeresis <> Afere
aphakia <> afaki
aphakic <> afak
aphanitic <> Afani
aphasia <> afazi
aphasia <> konuş
aphasic <> afazi
aphelion <> afel
aphelion <> en 
apheresis <> afere
aphid <> yapra
aphididae <> Aphid
aphids <> yapra
aphis <> fidan
aphorism <> özdey
aphorism <> veciz
aphorisms <> afori
aphorist <> özdey
aphorist <> veciz
aphotic <> ışıks
aphrodisia <> Aphro
aphrodisiac <> afrod
aphrodisiac <> cinse
aphrodisiacal <> afrod
aphrodisias <> Aphro
aphrodite <> Afrod
aphrodite <> aşk 
aphrodites <> Aphro
aphtha <> pamuk
aphthae <> aft
aphthosis <> aft
aphthous <> aftöz
aphyric <> Afiri
apiaceae <> Mayda
apiarian <> arıcı
apiarian <> arıla
apiaries <> kovan
apiarist <> arıcı
apiary <> arı
apiary <> arı 
apical <> doruk
apical <> tepe
apical <> teped
apically <> apika
apices <> doruk
apices <> tepel
apices <> uçlar
apicoectomy <> apika
apicomplexa <> Apico
apicoposterior <> apiko
apicultural <> arıcı
apiculture <> arıcı
apiece <> adam
apiece <> her 
apiece <> parça
apiece <> tanes
aping <> Aping
apish <> maymu
apitherapy <> Apite
aplanatic <> aplan
aplasia <> aplaz
aplastic <> Aplas
aplenty <> bol 
aplenty <> bolca
aplite <> aplit
aplites <> aplit
aplitic <> aplit
aplomb <> özgüv
aplomb <> dimdi
aplomb <> kendi
apna <> Apna
apnea <> apne
apneas <> apnel
apnoea <> apne
apnoeas <> apnel
apocalypse <> İncil
apocalypse <> açığa
apocalypse <> ortay
apocalypse <> vahiy
apocalyptic <> gelec
apocalyptic <> kıyam
apocalyptic <> vahiy
apocalyptic <> vahye
apocope <> apoko
apocope <> son 
apocrine <> apokr
apocrypha <> Kutsa
apocrypha <> apokr
apocrypha <> doğru
apocryphal <> doğru
apocryphal <> sahte
apocryphal <> uydur
apod <> apoD
apodal <> ayaks
apodal <> karın
apodemus <> Apode
apodyterium <> apodi
apogee <> apoje
apogee <> doruk
apogee <> yeröt
apogee <> zirve
apoidea <> Apoid
apolipoproteins <> apoli
apolitical <> apoli
apollo <> çok 
apollo <> Apoll
apollo <> gün 
apollyon <> Apoll
apologetic <> özür
apologetic <> af 
apologetic <> savun
apologetical <> özür
apologetical <> savun
apologetically <> özür
apologetically <> mazer
apologetics <> dini
apologia <> haklı
apologia <> müdaf
apologia <> savun
apologies <> özür
apologise <> özür
apologise <> af 
apologised <> özür
apologises <> özür
apologising <> özür
apologist <> apolo
apologist <> savun
apologists <> savun
apologize <> özür
apologize <> af 
apologized <> özür
apologizes <> özür
apologizing <> özür
apology <> özür
apology <> kötü
apology <> mazer
apology <> savun
apomorphine <> apomo
aponeurotic <> apone
apophthegm <> özdey
apophthegm <> özlü
apophthegm <> veciz
apophyseal <> apofi
apophysis <> apofi
apoplectic <> felç
apoplectic <> felçl
apoplectic <> felce
apoplectic <> inmel
apoplectic <> sinir
apoplectical <> felç
apoplectical <> felçl
apoplectical <> inmel
apoplectical <> sinir
apoplexy <> apopl
apoplexy <> felç
apoplexy <> inme
apoptosis <> apopt
apoptotic <> apopt
aporia <> Apori
aport <> Aport
apostasy <> dönek
apostasy <> dönme
apostate <> dönek
apostate <> din 
apostate <> dinin
apostates <> mürte
apostatize <> ayrıl
apostatize <> dönme
apostille <> apost
apostle <> öncü
apostle <> apost
apostle <> havar
apostle <> lider
apostles <> havar
apostleship <> elçil
apostolate <> apost
apostolate <> havar
apostolic <> apost
apostolic <> havar
apostolical <> apost
apostolical <> havar
apostrophe <> apost
apostrophe <> başka
apostrophes <> kesme
apostrophize <> apost
apostrophize <> başka
apothecaries <> eczac
apothecary <> eczac
apothegm <> özdey
apothegm <> özlü
apothegm <> veciz
apotheosis <> ideal
apotheosis <> ilahl
apotheosis <> tanrı
apotheosis <> yüce
apotheosis <> yücel
appal <> ürküt
appal <> dehşe
appal <> korku
appall <> ürküt
appall <> dehşe
appall <> korku
appall <> yıldı
appalled <> dehşe
appalling <> berba
appalling <> dehşe
appalling <> korku
appalling <> müthi
appallingly <> dehşe
appanage <> doğuş
appanage <> kral'
apparatchik <> apara
apparatus <> alet
apparatus <> aletl
apparatus <> aygıt
apparatus <> cihaz
apparatus <> malze
apparatuses <> apara
apparel <> üst 
apparel <> elbis
apparel <> giysi
apparel <> kılık
apparel <> kıyaf
apparel <> süs
apparels <> giysi
apparence <> görün
apparent <> açık
apparent <> aşikâ
apparent <> anlaş
apparent <> bariz
apparent <> belli
apparent <> besbe
apparent <> görün
apparent <> ortad
apparently <> anlaş
apparently <> belli
apparently <> görün
apparition <> çıkıv
apparition <> görün
apparition <> hayal
apparitor <> görün
appeal <> çekic
appeal <> üst 
appeal <> başvu
appeal <> cazib
appeal <> hoşun
appeal <> ilgi
appeal <> ilgis
appeal <> mürac
appeal <> rica
appeal <> temyi
appeal <> yakar
appeal <> yalva
appealed <> temyi
appealing <> çekic
appealing <> alben
appealing <> cazip
appealing <> güzel
appealing <> sevim
appealing <> yakar
appealing <> yalva
appeals <> temyi
appear <> anlaş
appear <> belir
appear <> belli
appear <> benze
appear <> görün
appear <> gözük
appear <> gibi
appear <> ortay
appearance <> belir
appearance <> dış 
appearance <> görün
appearance <> kılık
appearance <> ortay
appearances <> görün
appeared <> çıktı
appeareth <> görül
appearing <> görün
appears <> görün
appease <> azalt
appease <> bastı
appease <> gönlü
appease <> gider
appease <> hafif
appease <> sakin
appease <> yatış
appeased <> bastı
appeased <> yatış
appeasement <> bastı
appeasement <> düşma
appeasement <> hafif
appeasement <> yatış
appeaser <> savaş
appeasing <> yatış
appell <> Appel
appellant <> üst 
appellant <> temyi
appellate <> temyi
appellation <> ünvan
appellation <> ad
appellation <> isim
appellation <> san
appellative <> cins
appellee <> aleyh
appellee <> temyi
append <> eklem
append <> ilişt
append <> katma
appendage <> askın
appendage <> başka
appendage <> ek
appendage <> ilave
appendage <> katkı
appendage <> uzant
appendages <> ekler
appendectomies <> apend
appendectomy <> apand
appendectomy <> apend
appended <> eklen
appendiceal <> apand
appendicectomy <> apend
appendices <> Ekler
appendicial <> apend
appendicitis <> apand
appendicitises <> apend
appendicolith <> apand
appendicolithiasis <> apand
appendicular <> apend
appending <> eklen
appendix <> apand
appendix <> ek
appendix <> ek 
appendix <> ilave
appendixes <> ekler
appends <> ekler
apperceive <> idrak
apperceive <> kavra
apperception <> idrak
apperception <> kavra
appertain <> ait
appertain <> ait 
appertain <> bağlı
appertain <> ilgil
appetence <> arzu
appetence <> doğal
appetence <> iştah
appetency <> arzu
appetency <> doğal
appetency <> iştah
appetiser <> apera
appetiser <> atışt
appetiser <> iştah
appetiser <> meze
appetising <> iştah
appetising <> istek
appetite <> afiye
appetite <> arzu
appetite <> iştah
appetite <> istek
appetizer <> apera
appetizer <> atışt
appetizer <> iştah
appetizer <> meze
appetizers <> meze
appetizing <> iştah
appetizing <> istek
appian <> Appia
applanation <> aplan
applaud <> alkış
applaud <> beğen
applaud <> el 
applauded <> alkış
applauds <> alkış
applause <> alkış
applause <> beğen
applauses <> alkış
apple <> elma
applecart <> seyya
applejack <> elma
apples <> elma
applesauce <> boş 
applesauce <> elma
applesauce <> palav
applesauce <> saçma
appleseed <> Apple
applets <> apple
applewood <> Apple
appliance <> alet
appliance <> araç
appliance <> cihaz
appliances <> aletl
applicability <> uygul
applicable <> uygul
applicable <> uygun
applicable <> yerin
applicant <> başvu
applicants <> Başvu
applicate <> uygul
applicated <> uygul
applicating <> uygul
application <> özen
application <> başvu
application <> dikka
application <> dilek
application <> kulla
application <> sürme
application <> talep
application <> tatbi
application <> uygul
applications <> uygul
applicative <> uygul
applicator <> aplik
applicator <> sürme
applicator <> takma
applicators <> aplik
applied <> prati
applied <> uygul
applier <> uygul
appliers <> uygul
applies <> uygul
appling <> Appli
applique <> aplik
appliqued <> Aplik
appliques <> Aplik
apply <> başvu
apply <> gitme
apply <> ilgil
apply <> ilgis
apply <> kulla
apply <> mürac
apply <> sürme
apply <> uygul
apply <> uygun
apply <> yapış
applying <> uygul
appoggiatura <> notan
appoint <> atama
appoint <> belir
appoint <> döşem
appoint <> dayay
appoint <> karar
appoint <> sapta
appoint <> tayin
appointed <> belir
appointed <> döşen
appointed <> görev
appointed <> karar
appointed <> sapta
appointed <> tayin
appointee <> atana
appointee <> tayin
appointees <> atama
appointing <> atanm
appointment <> atama
appointment <> buluş
appointment <> görev
appointment <> iş
appointment <> rande
appointment <> tayin
appointments <> atama
appointments <> döşem
appointments <> donan
appointments <> eşya
appointments <> rande
appointments <> teçhi
appoints <> atar
apportion <> bölüş
apportion <> pay 
apportion <> payla
apportioned <> payla
apportionment <> bölüş
apportionment <> pay
apportionment <> payla
apportions <> payla
apposite <> münas
apposite <> uygun
apposite <> yerin
appositeness <> münas
appositeness <> uygun
appositeness <> yerin
apposition <> appoz
apposition <> bir 
apposition <> eklem
apposition <> ilâve
apposition <> yan 
appraisal <> değer
appraisals <> değer
appraise <> değer
appraise <> fiyat
appraised <> değer
appraisement <> değer
appraiser <> değer
appraises <> tespi
appraising <> değer
apprecation <> Appre
appreciable <> farke
appreciable <> hisse
appreciable <> sezil
appreciably <> kayda
appreciate <> anlam
appreciate <> beğen
appreciate <> değer
appreciate <> fiyat
appreciate <> kavra
appreciate <> minne
appreciate <> takdi
appreciate <> teşek
appreciate <> zevk
appreciated <> takdi
appreciates <> takdi
appreciating <> takdi
appreciation <> anlam
appreciation <> beğen
appreciation <> değer
appreciation <> idrak
appreciation <> minne
appreciation <> paha
appreciation <> takdi
appreciation <> teşek
appreciation <> zevk
appreciations <> takdi
appreciative <> değer
appreciative <> minne
appreciative <> takdi
appreciative <> teşek
appreciatively <> beğen
appreciators <> sever
appreciatory <> değer
appreciatory <> minne
appreciatory <> takdi
appreciatory <> teşek
apprehend <> anlam
apprehend <> endiş
apprehend <> kavra
apprehend <> korku
apprehend <> tutuk
apprehended <> yakal
apprehending <> yakal
apprehensible <> anlaş
apprehension <> algı
apprehension <> anlam
apprehension <> anlay
apprehension <> düşün
apprehension <> endiş
apprehension <> görüş
apprehension <> kavra
apprehension <> kaygı
apprehension <> korku
apprehension <> tutuk
apprehensions <> endiş
apprehensive <> endiş
apprehensive <> kaygı
apprehensive <> korku
apprentice <> çırak
apprentice <> acemi
apprenticed <> çırak
apprentices <> çırak
apprenticeship <> çırak
apprenticeships <> Çırak
apprise <> bilgi
apprise <> haber
apprise <> söyle
apprised <> haber
appro <> beğen
appro <> onayl
approach <> andır
approach <> başla
approach <> başvu
approach <> benze
approach <> ele 
approach <> görüş
approach <> giriş
approach <> ilk 
approach <> koyul
approach <> teşeb
approach <> temas
approach <> ulaşm
approach <> varma
approach <> yakla
approach <> yanaş
approach <> yol
approachable <> cana
approachable <> ulaşı
approachable <> yakla
approached <> yakla
approaches <> yakla
approaching <> yakın
approaching <> yakla
approachment <> yakla
approachments <> İzlem
approbation <> övgü
approbation <> onama
approbation <> onay
approbation <> resmi
approbation <> takdi
approbations <> onayl
appropriable <> uygul
appropriate <> özell
appropriate <> özgü
appropriate <> üstün
appropriate <> ayırm
appropriate <> biçil
appropriate <> el 
appropriate <> has
appropriate <> iç 
appropriate <> kendi
appropriate <> uygun
appropriate <> yakış
appropriate <> yerin
appropriated <> tahsi
appropriately <> uygun
appropriateness <> uygun
appropriating <> benim
appropriation <> ödene
appropriation <> üstün
appropriation <> ayırm
appropriation <> benim
appropriation <> el 
appropriation <> iç 
appropriation <> kendi
appropriation <> tahsi
appropriations <> ödene
approvable <> hoş 
approvable <> onayl
approvable <> uygun
approval <> beğen
approval <> kabul
approval <> onama
approval <> onay
approval <> onayl
approval <> uygun
approvals <> onayl
approve <> beğen
approve <> kabul
approve <> onama
approve <> onayl
approve <> razı
approve <> uygun
approved <> denen
approved <> izinl
approved <> onayl
approved <> vefak
approved <> vefal
approvement <> onayl
approver <> Onayl
approver <> itira
approver <> ortağ
approvers <> onayl
approves <> onayl
approving <> onayl
approvingly <> beğen
approvingly <> kabul
approvingly <> onayl
approximal <> aprok
approximants <> yakla
approximate <> andır
approximate <> benze
approximate <> yakın
approximate <> yakla
approximated <> yakla
approximately <> aşağı
approximately <> tahmi
approximately <> takri
approximately <> yakla
approximates <> yakla
approximating <> yakla
approximation <> tahmi
approximation <> yakın
approximation <> yakla
approximations <> yakla
approximative <> aşağı
approximative <> tahmi
approximative <> yakla
apps <> uygul
appurtenance <> ek
appurtenance <> ilave
appurtenance <> mensu
appurtenances <> irtif
appurtenant <> ait
appurtenant <> appur
appurtenant <> bağlı
apraxia <> aprak
apraxia <> işlev
apraxic <> aprak
apricot <> kayıs
apricots <> kayıs
apron <> önlük
apron <> apron
apron <> göğüs
apron <> kayış
apron <> koruy
apron <> rüzgâ
aprons <> önlük
apropos <> sıras
apropos <> tam 
apropos <> uygun
apropos <> yerin
apropos <> zaman
aprotic <> aprot
apse <> apsis
apse <> yarım
apses <> apsis
apsides <> yeröt
apt <> eğili
apt <> eğiml
apt <> uygun
apt <> yerin
apt <> zeki
apted <> Apted
aptenodytes <> Apten
apter <> Apter
aptera <> Apter
apterous <> kanat
apterous <> uzant
aptitude <> eğili
aptitude <> kabil
aptitude <> meyil
aptitude <> uygun
aptitude <> yeten
aptitudes <> yeten
aptness <> çabuk
aptness <> kabil
aptness <> yatkı
aptness <> yeten
aptness <> zekil
apts <> Apts
apus <> Apus
aqua <> su
aquacultural <> tatlı
aquaculture <> su
aquaculture <> su 
aquae <> Aquae
aqualung <> oksij
aqualung <> skuba
aquamarine <> akuam
aquamarine <> mavim
aquamarines <> akuam
aquanaut <> sualt
aquaplane <> kayma
aquaplane <> su
aquaplane <> su 
aquaplaning <> suda
aquarelle <> sulub
aquarellist <> sulub
aquaria <> akvar
aquarian <> Kova
aquarians <> Aquar
aquarist <> akvar
aquarists <> akvar
aquarium <> akvar
aquariums <> akvar
aquatic <> su
aquatic <> suda
aquatics <> su
aquatics <> su 
aquatint <> bakır
aqueduct <> kemer
aqueduct <> sukem
aqueductal <> Sinir
aqueducts <> su
aqueous <> su
aqueous <> su 
aqueous <> sulu
aquiculture <> maden
aquifer <> akife
aquifers <> akife
aquila <> Karta
aquila <> aquil
aquilegia <> hasek
aquiline <> gaga
aquiline <> karta
aquilon <> Aquil
araban <> Araba
arabesque <> arabe
arabesques <> arabe
arabia <> Arabi
arabic <> Arapç
arabic <> Arap
arabic <> Arapl
arabica <> Arabi
arabinose <> arabi
arabinoside <> arabi
arabis <> Arabi
arabisation <> Arapl
arabization <> Arapl
arabize <> Arapl
arabized <> Arabi
arable <> ekile
arable <> işlen
arable <> sürül
arable <> tarım
araby <> Arabi
arachidonate <> araşi
arachidonic <> araşi
arachis <> Arach
arachnid <> eklem
arachnida <> Arach
arachnodactyly <> kondu
arachnoid <> arakn
arachnoid <> beyin
arachnoid <> eklem
arachnoidal <> arakn
arachnoidea <> Rüçha
arachnoiditis <> arakn
arachnology <> Arakn
arachnophobia <> Arach
aragonite <> arago
aragonitic <> arago
aralia <> Arali
arame <> ARAME
arango <> Arang
arapongas <> Arapo
arara <> Arara
aras <> Aras
araucaria <> orman
arba <> Arba
arbalest <> mancı
arbiter <> belir
arbiter <> efend
arbiter <> hakem
arbiter <> söz 
arbiter <> yargı
arbiters <> hakem
arbitrage <> arbit
arbitral <> hakem
arbitrament <> hakem
arbitrament <> karar
arbitraments <> KARAR
arbitrarily <> hakem
arbitrarily <> isteğ
arbitrarily <> keyfi
arbitrariness <> keyfi
arbitrary <> gadda
arbitrary <> hakem
arbitrary <> isteğ
arbitrary <> keyfi
arbitrary <> zalim
arbitrate <> hakem
arbitrating <> hakem
arbitration <> hakem
arbitration <> tahki
arbitrational <> hakem
arbitrations <> hakem
arbitrator <> hakem
arbitrator <> yargı
arbitrators <> hakem
arbor <> çarda
arbor <> ağaç
arbor <> ağaçl
arbor <> dingi
arbor <> kamer
arbor <> mil
arbor <> orman
arboreal <> ağaç
arboreal <> ağaçs
arboreal <> ağaçt
arboreous <> ağaç
arboreous <> ağaçs
arborescent <> ağaç
arborescent <> ağaca
arboretum <> bilim
arboretum <> botan
arboriculture <> ağaç
arboriculture <> fidan
arborise <> Arbor
arbors <> mille
arbour <> çarda
arbour <> ağaç
arbour <> ağaçl
arbour <> dingi
arbour <> kamer
arbour <> mil
arbour <> orman
arbours <> çarda
arbovirus <> arbov
arboviruses <> Arbov
arbs <> ARB
arbuscular <> arbus
arbutus <> kocay
arc <> ark
arc <> atlam
arc <> elekt
arc <> kavis
arc <> yay
arcade <> çarşı
arcade <> kemer
arcade <> pasaj
arcade <> sıra
arcaded <> sıra
arcades <> eğlen
arcadia <> arcad
arcadia <> kırsa
arcadia <> mora
arcadian <> kırsa
arcadian <> pasto
arcana <> gizem
arcana <> sır
arcane <> esrar
arcane <> gizli
arcane <> sır 
arcanist <> Arcan
arcanum <> gizem
arcanum <> iksir
arcanum <> sır
arccosine <> ark
arch <> şahı
arch <> şeyta
arch <> ayak
arch <> baş
arch <> cin 
arch <> en 
arch <> kabar
arch <> kambu
arch <> kavis
arch <> kemer
arch <> kubbe
arch <> kurna
arch <> taban
arch <> yay
archae <> arkeo
archaeal <> arkea
archaean <> arke
archaeans <> arkel
archaebacteria <> Arkeo
archaeologic <> arkeo
archaeologic <> kazıb
archaeological <> arkeo
archaeological <> kazıb
archaeologically <> arkeo
archaeologist <> arkeo
archaeologist <> kazıb
archaeologists <> arkeo
archaeology <> arkeo
archaeology <> kazıb
archaeomagnetism <> Arkeo
archaeometric <> arkeo
archaeometry <> arkeo
archaeopteryx <> arche
archaeozoology <> Arkeo
archaic <> arkai
archaic <> artık
archaic <> eski
archaic <> modas
archaism <> artık
archaism <> kulla
archangel <> başme
archangelic <> Başme
archangels <> başme
archbishop <> başpi
archbishopric <> başpi
archbishops <> başpi
archdeacon <> başdi
archdiocese <> başpi
archduchess <> arşid
archduchy <> arşid
archduke <> arşid
arched <> kavis
arched <> kemer
archenemy <> şeyta
archenemy <> baş 
archeologic <> arkeo
archeologic <> kazıb
archeological <> arkeo
archeological <> kazıb
archeologically <> arkeo
archeologist <> arkeo
archeologist <> kazıb
archeologists <> Arkeo
archeology <> arkeo
archeology <> kazıb
archeometry <> Arkeo
archeozoic <> Arkeo
archer <> Kavis
archer <> Nişan
archer <> Yay
archer <> Yay 
archer <> okçu
archers <> Okçul
archery <> okçul
arches <> kemer
archetypal <> arket
archetype <> ilk 
archetype <> model
archetype <> proto
archetypes <> Arche
archetypical <> arket
archfiend <> Archf
archiepiscopal <> başpi
archiepiscopate <> başpi
archimandrite <> Archi
archimedes <> arşim
archipelagic <> takım
archipelago <> Adala
archipelago <> Ege 
archipelago <> adala
archipelago <> takım
archipelagos <> takım
architect <> mimar
architect <> planl
architect <> tasar
architect <> yapma
architect <> yarat
architected <> tasar
architectonic <> arkit
architectonic <> mimar
architectonics <> arkit
architectonics <> mimar
architectonics <> yapı
architects <> mimar
architectural <> mimar
architecturally <> mimar
architecture <> inşaa
architecture <> mimar
architecture <> yapı
architectures <> mimar
architrave <> sütun
architraves <> arşit
archival <> arşiv
archive <> arşiv
archive <> kayıt
archived <> arşiv
archiver <> arşiv
archivers <> arşiv
archives <> arşiv
archives <> evrak
archives <> kayıt
archiving <> arşiv
archivist <> arşiv
archivist <> evrak
archivists <> arşiv
archness <> şeyta
archness <> cilve
archness <> kurna
archon <> Archo
archons <> Archo
archosauria <> Arkoz
archpriest <> başra
archpriest <> lider
archrival <> ezeli
archway <> kemer
archways <> kemer
archwise <> kemer
archwise <> yay
archwise <> yay 
arcing <> ark
arcon <> Arcon
arcs <> yayla
arcsecond <> arksa
arcseconds <> yay
arcsine <> ark
arctangent <> ark
arctic <> Arkti
arctic <> buz 
arctic <> kuzey
arctics <> su
arctics <> su 
arctictis <> Arcti
arctium <> Arcti
arcturus <> Arctu
arcuate <> kavis
arcuated <> kavis
arcus <> arkus
ardent <> çok 
ardent <> ışıl
ardent <> ateşl
ardent <> coşku
ardent <> kızgı
ardent <> parla
ardently <> harar
ardor <> şevk
ardor <> gayre
ardor <> heves
ardor <> heyec
ardour <> şevk
ardour <> gayre
ardour <> heves
ardour <> heyec
ards <> ARDS
arduous <> çalış
arduous <> çetin
arduous <> ağır
arduous <> dik
arduous <> güç
arduous <> gayre
arduous <> sarp
arduous <> zor
arduousness <> ağırl
arduousness <> güçlü
arduousness <> zorlu
are <> ar
are <> vardı
area <> alan
area <> bölge
area <> bodru
area <> harek
area <> yüzöl
areal <> bölge
areas <> alanl
areca <> areka
areca <> bir 
ared <> aRed
areflexia <> arefl
areg <> Areg
arena <> alan
arena <> arena
arena <> mücâd
arena <> meyda
arena <> sahne
arenaceous <> kumlu
arenas <> arena
arenite <> areni
arenites <> areni
areolae <> areol
areology <> Areol
arest <> AREST
aret <> Aret
arete <> sarp
arethusa <> Areth
arfvedsonite <> Arfve
argand <> Argan
argas <> Argas
argent <> gümüş
argentan <> ARGEN
argentiferous <> gümüş
argentina <> Arjan
argentine <> Arjan
argentines <> Arjan
argentite <> Arjan
argil <> çömle
argil <> balçı
argil <> kil
argillaceous <> kil 
argillaceous <> killi
argillite <> Arjil
arginase <> argin
arginine <> arjin
argon <> argon
argonaut <> altın
argonaut <> argon
argonauts <> Argon
argos <> ARGOS
argosy <> ticar
argot <> özel
argot <> argo
arguable <> tartı
arguably <> tartı
argue <> belli
argue <> görüş
argue <> göste
argue <> iddia
argue <> ikna
argue <> ispat
argue <> itira
argue <> kandı
argue <> karşı
argue <> münak
argue <> savun
argue <> tartı
argued <> iddia
argues <> iddia
arguing <> savun
argument <> delil
argument <> görüş
argument <> işlen
argument <> iddia
argument <> kanıt
argument <> konu
argument <> münak
argument <> savun
argument <> tartı
argumentation <> münak
argumentation <> tartı
argumentation <> uslam
argumentation <> yargı
argumentative <> eleşt
argumentative <> kanıt
argumentative <> münak
argumentative <> tartı
arguments <> argüm
argumentum <> Argum
argus <> Argus
argus <> yüz 
argyle <> bakla
argyll <> Argyl
arhythmia <> aritm
arhythmias <> aritm
aria <> arya
arias <> aryal
arid <> çorak
arid <> kurak
arid <> kuru
arid <> sıkıc
arid <> tatsı
arid <> yavan
aridisol <> Aridi
aridity <> çorak
aridity <> kurul
aridity <> sıkıc
aridity <> yavan
aridness <> kurak
aright <> doğru
aril <> tohum
ariman <> Arıma
arioso <> Arios
arise <> ayağa
arise <> doğma
arise <> kalkm
arise <> kayna
arise <> ortay
arise <> yükse
arised <> ortay
arisen <> ortay
arises <> doğar
arish <> Ariş
arising <> doğan
aristide <> Arist
aristides <> Arist
aristippus <> Arist
aristo <> Arist
aristocracies <> arist
aristocracy <> arist
aristocracy <> asill
aristocracy <> elit
aristocracy <> soylu
aristocrat <> arist
aristocrat <> asilz
aristocrat <> soylu
aristocratic <> arist
aristocratic <> asil
aristocratic <> kibar
aristocratic <> soylu
aristocratical <> arist
aristocratical <> asil
aristocratical <> kibar
aristocratical <> soylu
aristocratically <> asilc
aristocratically <> kibar
aristocratically <> soylu
aristocrats <> arist
aristos <> Arist
aristotle <> Arist
arithmetic <> aritm
arithmetic <> hesap
arithmetical <> aritm
arithmetically <> aritm
arithmetician <> aritm
arithmetics <> aritm
ark <> duba
ark <> mavna
ark <> sandı
arkose <> arkoz
arkoses <> arkoz
arkosic <> arkoz
arks <> Arks
arles <> Arles
arling <> Arlin
arm <> şube
arm <> cepha
arm <> dal
arm <> deste
arm <> donat
arm <> elini
arm <> güç
arm <> körfe
arm <> kol
arm <> koy
arm <> otori
arm <> pazı
arm <> sağla
arm <> sarıl
arm <> silâh
arm <> zırh
armada <> İspan
armada <> donan
armadillo <> armad
armadillo <> tatu
armagnac <> Armag
armament <> donat
armament <> silâh
armamentaria <> donat
armamentarium <> araçl
armaments <> silah
armature <> armat
armature <> endüv
armature <> zırh
armatures <> armat
armband <> kolça
armband <> pazıb
armbands <> kollu
armchair <> koltu
armchair <> sadec
armchair <> sorun
armchairs <> koltu
armed <> ateşl
armed <> silâh
armed <> silah
armed <> zırhl
armenia <> Ermen
armet <> ARMET
armful <> kucak
armfuls <> kucak
armies <> ordul
armillaria <> Armil
arming <> arma
arming <> donat
arming <> kurma
arming <> silâh
arming <> teçhi
armistice <> ateşk
armless <> Kolsu
armlet <> haliç
armlet <> kısa
armlet <> kolça
armlet <> koy
armlets <> pazıb
armoires <> gardı
armor <> zırh
armor <> zırhl
armored <> zırhl
armorer <> silâh
armorer <> zırh
armorial <> haned
armoric <> Armor
armors <> zırh
armory <> cepha
armory <> haned
armory <> silâh
armory <> tüfek
armory <> topha
armour <> zırh
armour <> zırhl
armoured <> zırhl
armourer <> silâh
armourer <> zırh
armouries <> armor
armouring <> zırh
armours <> zırh
armoury <> cepha
armoury <> haned
armoury <> silâh
armoury <> tüfek
armoury <> topha
armpit <> koltu
armpits <> koltu
armrest <> dirse
armrest <> kol
armrest <> kol 
armrests <> kolça
arms <> arma
arms <> cepha
arms <> koyun
arms <> kucak
arms <> silâh
arms <> silah
armure <> armür
armures <> Armur
army <> kalab
army <> ordu
army <> toplu
arnas <> Arnas
arnica <> arnik
arolla <> Aroll
aroma <> ıtır
aroma <> aroma
aroma <> güzel
aroma <> hava
aroma <> ortam
aromas <> aroma
aromatase <> aroma
aromatherapies <> aroma
aromatherapy <> aroma
aromatic <> aroma
aromatic <> güzel
aromatic <> kokul
aromatically <> aroma
aromaticity <> aroma
aromatics <> aroma
aromatization <> aroma
aromatized <> Aroma
aromatizers <> koku
arose <> ortay
around <> çevre
around <> aşağı
around <> arada
around <> bu 
around <> etraf
around <> oraya
around <> sular
arousal <> uyarı
arousals <> arous
arouse <> canla
arouse <> harek
arouse <> kaldı
arouse <> uyand
aroused <> uyand
arpeggiated <> arpej
arpeggio <> arpej
arpeggione <> Arpeg
arpeggios <> arpej
arquebus <> eski
arrach <> Arrac
arrack <> rakı
arraign <> kusur
arraign <> mahke
arraign <> suçla
arraigned <> çıkar
arraignment <> davan
arraignment <> kabah
arraignment <> suçla
arrange <> aranj
arrange <> ayarl
arrange <> düzel
arrange <> düzen
arrange <> halle
arrange <> hazır
arrange <> karar
arrange <> planl
arrange <> sıral
arrange <> sıray
arrange <> yolun
arrangeable <> düzen
arranged <> düzen
arrangement <> anlaş
arrangement <> aranj
arrangement <> ayarl
arrangement <> düzen
arrangement <> dizil
arrangement <> hazır
arrangement <> plan
arrangement <> sıra
arrangement <> sıral
arrangement <> terti
arrangements <> düzen
arranger <> aranj
arranger <> düzen
arranges <> düzen
arranging <> düzen
arranging <> dizme
arranging <> hazır
arranging <> uydur
arrant <> çok 
arrant <> adı 
arrant <> katık
arrant <> son 
arras <> duvar
arras <> goble
array <> çeki
array <> düzen
array <> dizi
array <> dizil
array <> görke
array <> göste
array <> giydi
array <> ihtiş
array <> jüri
array <> süsle
array <> sıra
array <> sıral
array <> sıray
array <> sergi
arrayed <> süslü
arrays <> dizil
arrear <> bakiy
arrear <> borç
arrearage <> kalma
arrears <> ödeme
arrears <> bakiy
arrears <> borç
arrears <> kalan
arrest <> çekme
arrest <> önlem
arrest <> bloke
arrest <> durdu
arrest <> el 
arrest <> tevki
arrest <> tutuk
arrestation <> tutuk
arrested <> tutuk
arrestees <> tutuk
arrester <> Paraf
arresters <> tutuc
arresting <> dikka
arresting <> göze
arrestment <> ihtiy
arrestment <> mülki
arrestment <> tutuk
arrestor <> tutuc
arrestors <> süzme
arrests <> tutuk
arret <> arrêt
arrhenius <> Arrhe
arrhythmia <> aritm
arrhythmias <> aritm
arrhythmic <> aritm
arrhythmogenic <> aritm
arriero <> Arrie
arrival <> gözük
arrival <> gelen
arrival <> geliş
arrival <> gelme
arrival <> mal 
arrival <> ortay
arrival <> varış
arrival <> varma
arrivals <> Geliş
arrivals <> gelen
arrive <> başar
arrive <> doğma
arrive <> gelip
arrive <> gelme
arrive <> ulaşm
arrive <> varma
arrived <> geldi
arrivederci <> Arriv
arrives <> geldi
arriving <> gelen
arrogance <> haddi
arrogance <> küsta
arrogance <> kendi
arrogance <> kibir
arrogant <> gurur
arrogant <> haddi
arrogant <> küsta
arrogant <> kendi
arrogant <> kibir
arrogant <> mağru
arrogantly <> küsta
arrogate <> üzeri
arrogate <> atfet
arrogation <> haksı
arrogation <> kendi
arrow <> ok
arrow <> ok 
arrowed <> ok 
arrowed <> oklu
arrowhead <> ok
arrowhead <> ok 
arrowhead <> temre
arrowheads <> ok
arrowroot <> araro
arrows <> ok
arrowsmith <> Arrow
arroyo <> kuru
arroyos <> Arroy
arse <> ahmak
arse <> eşek
arse <> göt
arse <> kıç
arsehole <> göt
arsehole <> göt 
arsenal <> cepha
arsenal <> silâh
arsenal <> topha
arsenals <> cepha
arsenate <> arsen
arsenates <> arsen
arsenazo <> Arsen
arsenic <> arsen
arsenical <> arsen
arsenicism <> arsen
arsenide <> arsen
arsenite <> arsen
arsenium <> Arsen
arsenopyrite <> arsen
arses <> eşek
arsine <> arsin
arsis <> ölçün
arsis <> vurgu
arson <> kasıt
arson <> kunda
arsonist <> kunda
arsonists <> kunda
art <> şeyta
art <> becer
art <> bilim
art <> hüner
art <> kurna
art <> ressa
art <> sanat
art <> ustal
art <> yarat
artcraft <> Artcr
artefact <> ilk 
artefact <> insan
artefact <> yapay
artefacts <> eserl
artel <> Artel
artemia <> Artem
artemisinin <> Artem
arteri <> ARTER
arterial <> arter
arterial <> atard
arteries <> arter
arteriogram <> arter
arteriography <> arter
arteriolar <> arter
arteriole <> arter
arterioles <> arter
arteriopathy <> arter
arteriosclerosis <> arter
arteriosclerosis <> damar
arteriosclerotic <> arter
arteriosus <> arter
arteriotomies <> Arter
arteriotomy <> arter
arteriovenous <> arter
arteritis <> arter
artery <> anaca
artery <> anayo
artery <> arter
artery <> atard
artery <> nehir
artesian <> artez
artful <> şeyta
artful <> kurna
artful <> sanat
artful <> ustal
artfully <> ustac
artfulness <> becer
artfulness <> hinli
artfulness <> kurna
artfulness <> mahar
artfulness <> ustal
arthralgia <> artra
arthralgias <> artra
arthritic <> eklem
arthritical <> eklem
arthritis <> arter
arthritis <> artri
arthritis <> eklem
arthritis <> mafsa
arthro <> artro
arthrodesis <> artro
arthrography <> artro
arthrogryposis <> Artro
arthropathic <> artro
arthropathies <> artro
arthropathy <> artro
arthroplasties <> artro
arthroplasty <> artro
arthropod <> eklem
arthropoda <> Arthr
arthropods <> eklem
arthrorisis <> artro
arthroscope <> artro
arthroscopic <> artro
arthroscopically <> artro
arthroscopies <> artro
arthroscopy <> artro
arthroses <> artro
arthrosis <> eklem
arthrotomy <> artro
artic <> Artic
artichoke <> engin
artichokes <> engin
article <> çırak
article <> şey
article <> bent
article <> eşya
article <> fıkra
article <> madde
article <> makal
article <> nesne
article <> sözle
article <> yazı
articled <> çırak
articled <> sözle
articles <> şirke
articles <> makal
articles <> sözle
articulacy <> İfade
articular <> eklem
articularis <> artic
articulate <> açıkç
articulate <> açık
articulate <> düşün
articulate <> eklem
articulate <> hecel
articulate <> kolay
articulate <> konuş
articulate <> tane
articulate <> telaf
articulated <> boğum
articulated <> eklem
articulated <> mafsa
articulates <> eklem
articulating <> mafsa
articulatio <> artik
articulation <> berra
articulation <> bitiş
articulation <> boğum
articulation <> eklem
articulation <> mafsa
articulation <> söyle
articulation <> telâf
articulation <> temiz
articulations <> eklem
articulator <> artik
articulatory <> söyle
arties <> Artie
artifact <> artif
artifact <> ilk 
artifact <> insan
artifact <> yapay
artifacts <> eserl
artifactual <> artef
artifice <> becer
artifice <> hile
artifice <> kurna
artifice <> marif
artifice <> sanat
artificer <> esnaf
artificer <> sanat
artificer <> zanaa
artificial <> eğret
artificial <> sahte
artificial <> suni
artificial <> takma
artificial <> yapay
artificial <> yapma
artificiality <> sahte
artificiality <> yapay
artificiality <> yapma
artificially <> yapay
artilleries <> Topla
artillerist <> topçu
artillerists <> topçu
artillery <> ağır
artillery <> topçu
artilleryman <> topçu
artillerymen <> topçu
artisan <> esnaf
artisan <> zanaa
artisanal <> zanaa
artisans <> esnaf
artisanship <> zanaa
artist <> artis
artist <> ressa
artist <> sanat
artist <> usta
artiste <> şantö
artiste <> şarkı
artiste <> dansö
artiste <> sahne
artistes <> artis
artistic <> artis
artistic <> güzel
artistic <> sanat
artistical <> artis
artistical <> güzel
artistical <> sanat
artistically <> sanat
artistry <> güzel
artistry <> sanat
artistry <> yeten
artists <> sanat
artless <> doğal
artless <> hüner
artless <> sade
artless <> saf
artless <> sanat
arts <> şeyta
arts <> edebi
arts <> hile
arts <> kurna
arts <> sanat
artsy <> göste
artsy <> iddia
artware <> ARTWA
artwork <> sanat
artworks <> sanat
arty <> göste
arty <> iddia
arugula <> roka
arum <> Arum
arval <> Arval
arvo <> Arvo
aryl <> aril
arylsulfatase <> arils
arytenoid <> arite
as <> -diği
as <> -irke
as <> gibi
as <> iken
as <> kadar
as <> karşı
as <> ki
as <> madem
as <> olara
as <> olduğ
as <> rağme
asafetida <> çadır
asafetida <> şeyta
asafoetida <> çadır
asafoetida <> şeyta
asar <> Asar
asarum <> Asaru
asbestine <> Asbes
asbestos <> amyan
asbestos <> asbes
asbestosis <> asbes
ascariasis <> askar
ascaris <> askar
ascaron <> Ascar
ascend <> çıkma
ascend <> artma
ascend <> peste
ascend <> tırma
ascend <> yükse
ascend <> yukar
ascendancy <> üstün
ascendancy <> egeme
ascendancy <> hüküm
ascendancy <> itiba
ascendant <> üstün
ascendant <> egeme
ascendant <> eklip
ascendant <> etkin
ascendant <> nüfuz
ascendant <> yükse
ascended <> yükse
ascendency <> üstün
ascendency <> egeme
ascendency <> hüküm
ascendency <> itiba
ascendens <> ascen
ascendent <> üstün
ascendent <> egeme
ascendent <> eklip
ascendent <> etkin
ascendent <> nüfuz
ascendent <> yükse
ascender <> Ascen
ascendeth <> ağara
ascending <> yükse
ascends <> yükse
ascension <> İsa'n
ascension <> Uruç
ascension <> göğe
ascension <> miraç
ascension <> ufukt
ascension <> yükse
ascent <> çıkış
ascent <> bayır
ascent <> rampa
ascent <> tırma
ascent <> yükse
ascent <> yokuş
ascents <> tırma
ascertain <> öğren
ascertain <> anlam
ascertain <> aslın
ascertain <> bulma
ascertain <> doğru
ascertain <> soruş
ascertainable <> anlam
ascertainable <> araşt
ascertainable <> bulun
ascertained <> tespi
ascertainment <> araşt
ascertainment <> aslın
ascertainment <> bulma
ascertainment <> ortay
ascertains <> güven
ascetic <> çilec
ascetic <> dünya
ascetic <> sofu
asceticism <> çilec
asceticism <> soful
asci <> Asci
ascidians <> Ascid
ascites <> asit
ascitic <> asiti
ascochyta <> antra
ascomycetes <> Ascom
ascomycota <> Ascom
ascorbate <> askor
ascorbates <> askor
ascorbic <> askor
ascorbyl <> askor
ascospore <> askos
ascribable <> üstün
ascribable <> atfol
ascribable <> yükle
ascribable <> yakış
ascribe <> üstün
ascribe <> atfet
ascribe <> yükle
ascribed <> atfed
ascribes <> bağlı
ascribing <> atfet
ascription <> üstün
ascription <> atıf
ascription <> yükle
ascus <> TSKB
asea <> ASEA
aseismic <> depre
asepsis <> aseps
asepsis <> mikro
aseptic <> asept
aseptic <> mikro
aseptic <> steri
aseptically <> asept
ases <> ASES
asexual <> aseks
asexual <> cinsi
asexual <> eşeys
asexuality <> aseks
ash <> dişbu
ash <> kül
ashame <> Asham
ashamed <> mahçu
ashamed <> utanç
ashamed <> utanm
ashamedly <> mahçu
ashamedly <> utana
ashed <> küllü
ashen <> dişbu
ashen <> kül 
ashen <> külre
ashen <> solgu
ashes <> ölünü
ashes <> kül
ashes <> külle
ashes <> krike
ashing <> yakma
ashlar <> kesme
ashlar <> yontm
ashlars <> kesme
ashless <> külsü
ashling <> Ashli
ashman <> Ashma
ashore <> kıyıd
ashore <> kıyıy
ashore <> karad
ashore <> karay
ashpans <> Küllü
ashpit <> kül 
ashpit <> küllü
ashrams <> ashra
ashtray <> kül
ashtray <> kül 
ashtray <> sigar
ashtrays <> küllü
ashy <> kül 
ashy <> küllü
ashy <> külle
ashy <> solgu
ashy <> soluk
aside <> ayrı
aside <> bir
aside <> bir 
aside <> kendi
asiderite <> Aside
asinine <> ahmak
asinine <> eşekç
asinine <> eşek
ask <> aranm
ask <> davet
ask <> hak 
ask <> istem
ask <> kaşın
ask <> rica
ask <> sorma
ask <> soru
askance <> şüphe
askance <> göz
askance <> göz 
askance <> yan 
askar <> Askar
askari <> asker
asked <> diye
askers <> soran
askew <> çarpı
askew <> eğri
askew <> yana
askew <> yanla
asking <> istem
asking <> soran
asks <> diye
aslant <> eğri
aslant <> meyil
aslant <> yan
aslant <> yanla
asleep <> tembe
asleep <> uykud
asleep <> uyuşm
asleep <> uyuşu
asleep <> uyuma
asleep <> uyuya
aslope <> eğri
aslope <> meyil
aslope <> yatık
asocial <> asosy
asocial <> toplu
asp <> asp
asp <> enger
asp <> titre
asp <> toz 
asparagine <> aspar
asparagus <> kuşko
aspartame <> aspar
aspartate <> aspar
aspartic <> aspar
aspect <> çehre
aspect <> bakım
aspect <> boy
aspect <> cephe
aspect <> görüş
aspect <> görün
aspect <> hal
aspect <> tavır
aspect <> yön
aspects <> yönle
aspectual <> görün
aspen <> titre
aspen <> toz 
aspergers <> Asper
aspergill <> kutsa
aspergillosis <> asper
aspergillum <> kutsa
asperity <> haşin
asperity <> kaba
asperity <> kabal
asperity <> sertl
aspers <> akçe
asperse <> çamur
asperse <> iftir
asperse <> lekel
asperse <> serpm
aspersion <> çamur
aspersion <> iftir
aspersion <> kutsa
aspersion <> serpm
asphalt <> asfal
asphalted <> asfal
asphaltene <> asfal
asphaltenes <> asfal
asphaltic <> asfal
asphalting <> asfal
asphaltite <> asfal
asphaltites <> asfal
asphalts <> asfal
aspheric <> asfer
aspherical <> asfer
asphodel <> çiriş
asphodel <> cenne
asphodelaceae <> Yarı
asphyctic <> Asfik
asphyxia <> asfek
asphyxia <> boğul
asphyxia <> nefes
asphyxia <> oksij
asphyxiant <> boğuc
asphyxiants <> asfik
asphyxiate <> boğma
asphyxiate <> oksij
asphyxiated <> asfik
asphyxiating <> boğuc
asphyxiation <> boğul
asphyxiation <> nefes
asphyxiation <> oksij
aspic <> etli
aspidiotus <> Aspid
aspidistra <> aspid
aspirant <> aday
aspirant <> istek
aspirant <> talip
aspirants <> adayl
aspirate <> soluk
aspirated <> aspir
aspirates <> aspir
aspirating <> aspir
aspiration <> özlem
aspiration <> arzu
aspiration <> aspir
aspiration <> can 
aspiration <> emme
aspiration <> istek
aspiration <> nefes
aspiration <> soluk
aspiration <> solum
aspirations <> özlem
aspirator <> aspir
aspirator <> emmeç
aspirator <> vücut
aspirators <> aspir
aspire <> çok 
aspire <> arzul
aspire <> can 
aspire <> peşin
aspire <> talip
aspired <> talip
aspires <> talip
aspirin <> aspir
aspiring <> amaçl
aspiring <> aspir
aspiring <> can 
aspiring <> gözü
asplenia <> asple
asplenic <> asple
asps <> ASP
asquint <> şaşı
asquint <> yan
ass <> ahmak
ass <> eşek
ass <> göt
ass <> kıç
assail <> dil 
assail <> hücum
assail <> saldı
assailable <> saldı
assailant <> dil 
assailant <> eleşt
assailant <> saldı
assailants <> Saldı
assailed <> kapıl
assailer <> dil 
assailer <> eleşt
assailer <> saldı
assails <> çöküy
assapan <> Assap
assassin <> katil
assassin <> kiral
assassin <> suikâ
assassinate <> öldür
assassinate <> suikâ
assassinated <> suika
assassinates <> suika
assassinating <> suika
assassination <> adam
assassination <> suikâ
assassination <> suika
assassinations <> suika
assassins <> suika
assault <> ırza
assault <> fiili
assault <> hücum
assault <> saldı
assault <> tecâv
assaulted <> saldı
assaulting <> saldı
assaults <> saldı
assay <> ayarı
assay <> ayar
assay <> ayarl
assay <> değer
assay <> denem
assay <> kalkı
assay <> tahli
assayed <> tahli
assayer <> ayarc
assayer <> tahli
assays <> deney
assemblage <> kalab
assemblage <> mecli
assemblage <> monta
assemblage <> topla
assemblages <> toplu
assemble <> çevir
assemble <> birle
assemble <> monte
assemble <> parça
assemble <> topla
assembled <> monte
assemblee <> Assem
assembler <> çevir
assembler <> monta
assemblers <> monta
assembles <> topla
assemblies <> monta
assembling <> birle
assembly <> çevir
assembly <> içtim
assembly <> kongr
assembly <> kurul
assembly <> mecli
assembly <> monta
assembly <> topla
assent <> kabul
assent <> onay
assent <> rıza
assent <> razı
assented <> kabul
assenting <> gömme
assert <> öne 
assert <> iddia
assert <> ileri
assert <> söyle
assert <> savun
asserted <> iddia
asserting <> iddia
assertion <> hakkı
assertion <> iddia
assertion <> sav
assertions <> iddia
assertive <> iddia
assertive <> kendi
assertive <> kesin
assertive <> oluml
assertive <> savun
assertively <> iddia
assertiveness <> kendi
assertor <> iddia
assertor <> ileri
assertor <> savun
asserts <> iddia
asses <> eşek
assess <> belir
assess <> değer
assess <> para
assessable <> değer
assessable <> vergi
assessed <> değer
assesses <> değer
assessing <> değer
assessment <> belir
assessment <> değer
assessment <> vergi
assessments <> değer
assessor <> değer
assessor <> vergi
assessor <> yargı
assessors <> değer
asset <> değer
asset <> mülk
asset <> mal
asset <> varlı
assets <> aktif
assets <> alaca
assets <> mal 
assets <> serve
assets <> varlı
asseverate <> beyan
asseverate <> iddia
asseverate <> resme
asseveration <> beyan
asseveration <> bildi
asseveration <> iddia
assfuck <> AssFu
assfucked <> Assfu
asshole <> göt 
asshole <> kıç 
asshole <> pisli
assiduity <> çalış
assiduity <> özen
assiduity <> gayre
assiduous <> çalış
assiduous <> özenl
assiduous <> devam
assiduous <> dikka
assiduous <> gayre
assiduous <> sürek
assiduously <> sinsi
assign <> atama
assign <> bağla
assign <> belir
assign <> devra
assign <> devre
assign <> görev
assign <> sapta
assign <> tahsi
assign <> verme
assignable <> atfed
assignable <> devre
assignable <> veril
assignable <> yükle
assignation <> atama
assignation <> belir
assignation <> buluş
assignation <> devir
assignation <> görev
assignation <> rande
assignation <> sapta
assigned <> atanm
assignee <> devra
assignee <> vekil
assignees <> vekil
assigning <> atama
assignment <> ödev
assignment <> atama
assignment <> belir
assignment <> devir
assignment <> devre
assignment <> ev 
assignment <> ferag
assignment <> görev
assignment <> haval
assignment <> iş
assignment <> karar
assignment <> tahsi
assignment <> tayin
assignments <> atama
assignor <> devre
assigns <> atar
assimilate <> özüml
assimilate <> özüms
assimilate <> benim
assimilate <> benze
assimilate <> sindi
assimilated <> asimi
assimilated <> benze
assimilates <> özüml
assimilating <> asimi
assimilation <> özüml
assimilation <> özüms
assimilation <> asimi
assimilation <> benze
assimilation <> sindi
assimilationist <> asimi
assimilations <> asimi
assimilative <> Özüms
assimilatory <> asimi
assist <> deste
assist <> hazır
assist <> sayı
assist <> yardı
assistance <> deste
assistance <> yardı
assistances <> yardı
assistant <> asist
assistant <> muavi
assistant <> tezgâ
assistant <> yardı
assistants <> asist
assistantship <> Asist
assistantships <> asist
assisted <> yardı
assisting <> yardı
assistive <> yardı
assists <> asist
assize <> hüküm
assize <> kurul
assizes <> geçic
assman <> Assma
associable <> bağla
associate <> çağrı
associate <> öğret
associate <> üye
associate <> arkad
associate <> bağda
associate <> bağlı
associate <> benze
associate <> birle
associate <> dost
associate <> işbir
associate <> ikinc
associate <> ortak
associated <> birle
associated <> ilişk
associates <> İştir
associating <> ilişk
association <> çağrı
association <> akla
association <> arkad
association <> birle
association <> derne
association <> işbir
association <> iştir
association <> ortak
associational <> derne
associations <> derne
associative <> çağrı
associative <> birli
associativity <> ilişk
assonance <> asona
assonance <> yarım
assonant <> yarım
assort <> ayırm
assort <> sınıf
assort <> türle
assort <> uymak
assort <> yakış
assorted <> çeşid
assorted <> çeşit
assorted <> karış
assorting <> tasni
assortment <> çeşit
assortment <> ayırm
assortment <> sınıf
assortments <> çeşit
assuage <> bastı
assuage <> dindi
assuage <> hafif
assuage <> yatış
assume <> üstün
assume <> üstle
assume <> addet
assume <> almak
assume <> farze
assume <> hükme
assume <> sanma
assume <> sayma
assume <> takın
assume <> tasla
assume <> varsa
assumed <> farze
assumed <> kabul
assumed <> takma
assumes <> varsa
assuming <> küsta
assuming <> kendi
assuming <> kibir
assuming <> varsa
assumption <> üstün
assumption <> üstle
assumption <> Hazre
assumption <> farze
assumption <> haval
assumption <> sanı
assumption <> takın
assumption <> tasla
assumption <> varsa
assumption <> yükle
assumptions <> varsa
assurance <> güven
assurance <> kendi
assurance <> pişki
assurance <> söz
assurance <> sigor
assurance <> temin
assurance <> vâât
assurances <> güven
assure <> güven
assure <> garan
assure <> ikna
assure <> inand
assure <> söz 
assure <> sağla
assure <> sigor
assure <> temin
assured <> önced
assured <> emin
assured <> inanç
assured <> kendi
assured <> sigor
assuredly <> elbet
assuredly <> kesin
assuredness <> küsta
assuredness <> kendi
assuredness <> kesin
assuredness <> pişki
assurer <> sigor
assures <> garan
assuring <> güven
astable <> karar
astacus <> Astac
astarte <> Astar
astatic <> denge
astatic <> karar
astatic <> stati
astatine <> astat
astemizole <> astem
aster <> dalya
aster <> pat
aster <> yıldı
asteraceae <> Aster
asteria <> Aster
asteriscus <> aster
asterisk <> yıldı
asterisks <> yıldı
asterism <> üç
asterism <> üç 
asterism <> maden
asterism <> yıldı
asterixis <> aster
astern <> arkad
astern <> arkay
astern <> gerid
astern <> geriy
astern <> kıçta
asteroid <> aster
asteroid <> küçük
asteroids <> aster
asthenia <> asten
asthenic <> asten
asthenospermia <> asten
asthenosphere <> asten
asthenospheric <> asten
asthma <> astım
asthmatic <> astım
asthmatics <> astım
astigmatic <> astig
astigmatism <> astig
astir <> harek
astir <> heyec
astir <> kalkm
astir <> uyanı
astir <> uyanm
astonish <> şaşır
astonish <> afall
astonish <> hayre
astonished <> şaşkı
astonished <> afall
astonishing <> şaşıl
astonishing <> şaşır
astonishing <> hayre
astonishingly <> şaşıl
astonishment <> şaşır
astonishment <> şaşkı
astonishment <> şaşma
astonishment <> hayre
astons <> Aston
astound <> şaşır
astound <> afall
astound <> hayre
astounded <> hayre
astounding <> şaşıl
astounding <> şaşır
astounding <> hayre
astoundingly <> şaşır
astounds <> aptal
astrachan <> Astra
astraddle <> ata
astraddle <> ata 
astraddle <> bacak
astrakhan <> astra
astral <> astra
astral <> yıldı
astray <> başta
astray <> kötü
astray <> yanlı
astray <> yolda
astride <> ata
astride <> ata 
astride <> bacak
astringe <> büzme
astringe <> sıkış
astringent <> şidde
astringent <> astre
astringent <> büzüc
astringent <> damar
astringent <> kanı
astringent <> kanam
astringent <> sıkış
astringent <> sert
astrobiology <> astro
astrocyte <> astro
astrocytes <> astro
astrocytic <> astro
astrocytoma <> astro
astrocytomas <> astro
astrodome <> astro
astrodome <> gözle
astrogeology <> Astro
astroids <> astro
astrolabe <> ustur
astrologer <> astro
astrologer <> münec
astrologer <> yıldı
astrologers <> Astro
astrologic <> astro
astrological <> astro
astrologist <> astro
astrologists <> Astro
astrology <> astro
astrology <> yıldı
astrometry <> gököl
astronaut <> astro
astronaut <> uzay
astronautical <> uzay
astronautics <> astro
astronautics <> uzayd
astronauts <> astro
astronomer <> astro
astronomer <> gökbi
astronomers <> gökbi
astronomic <> çok 
astronomic <> astro
astronomic <> gökbi
astronomical <> çok 
astronomical <> astro
astronomical <> gökbi
astronomically <> astro
astronomy <> astro
astronomy <> gökbi
astrophotography <> gökyü
astrophysical <> astro
astrophysicist <> astro
astrophysicist <> gök 
astrophysicists <> astro
astrophysics <> astro
astrophysics <> gök 
astun <> Astun
astute <> açıkg
astute <> akıll
astute <> cin 
astute <> kurna
astute <> zeki
astuteness <> açıkg
astuteness <> cin 
astuteness <> kurna
asunder <> ayrı
asunder <> birbi
asunder <> parça
asura <> Asura
aswell <> bile
aswell <> dahi
aswell <> de
asylum <> akıl
asylum <> barın
asylum <> himay
asylum <> iltic
asylum <> korum
asylum <> sığın
asylums <> hasta
asymmetric <> asime
asymmetric <> bakış
asymmetrical <> asime
asymmetrical <> bakış
asymmetrical <> orans
asymmetrically <> asime
asymmetries <> asime
asymmetry <> asime
asymmetry <> bakış
asymptomatic <> asemp
asymptomatically <> asemp
asymptote <> asimp
asymptote <> sonuş
asymptotes <> asimp
asymptotic <> asimp
asymptotical <> asimp
asymptotically <> asimp
asynchronies <> asenk
asynchronize <> Eşzam
asynchronized <> asenk
asynchronous <> asink
asynchronous <> aynı
asynchronous <> eşzam
asynchronously <> asenk
asynchrony <> asenk
asystole <> asist
at <> -a
at <> -da
at <> -de
at <> -e
at <> -ya
at <> -ye
at <> asker
at <> de
at <> eyt
at <> savaş
atabeg <> Atabe
atabek <> Atabe
atabeks <> Atabe
atalaya <> Atala
ataman <> Atama
ataractic <> yatış
ataraxia <> atara
ataraxia <> uyarı
ataraxy <> atara
ataraxy <> uyarı
atavism <> atacı
atavism <> atala
atavism <> atavi
atavist <> atacı
atavistic <> atala
ataxia <> ataks
ataxia <> kasla
ataxias <> ataks
ataxic <> ataks
ataxy <> kasla
ate <> yedil
atelectasis <> atele
atelectatic <> atele
atelier <> atöly
atelier <> stüdy
ateliers <> atöly
ates <> ATEŞ
athanasia <> ölüms
athanasia <> ebedi
athanor <> Athan
atheism <> Allah
atheism <> ateiz
atheism <> dinsi
atheism <> tanrı
atheist <> Allah
atheist <> ateis
atheistic <> Allah
atheistic <> ateis
atheistic <> dinsi
atheistic <> imans
atheistic <> tanrı
atheistical <> Allah
atheistical <> ateis
atheistical <> dinsi
atheistical <> imans
atheistical <> tanrı
atheists <> ateis
athenaeum <> edebi
athenaeum <> fen 
athenaeum <> kütüp
atheneum <> edebi
atheneum <> fen 
atheneum <> kütüp
atherectomy <> atere
athermic <> ısı
athero <> atero
atherogenesis <> atero
atherogenic <> atero
atheroma <> atero
atheromas <> atero
atheromatous <> atero
atherosclerosis <> atero
atherosclerotic <> atero
atherothrombotic <> atero
athirst <> susam
athleta <> Athle
athlete <> atlet
athlete <> sporc
athletes <> sporc
athletic <> atlet
athleticism <> atlet
athletics <> atlet
athletics <> sporc
athletism <> atlet
athwart <> çapra
athwart <> aykır
athwart <> karşı
athwart <> tersi
athwart <> zıt
athymic <> atimi
atilt <> eğilm
atilt <> elind
atilt <> saldı
atilt <> yan 
atlanto <> Atlan
atlantoaxial <> atlan
atlas <> Atlas
atlas <> büyük
atlas <> başlı
atlas <> birin
atlas <> direk
atlas <> harit
atlas <> heyke
atlas <> insan
atlas <> ipekl
atlases <> atlas
atman <> Atman
atmos <> Atmos
atmosphere <> çevre
atmosphere <> atmos
atmosphere <> basın
atmosphere <> hava
atmosphere <> ortam
atmospheres <> atmos
atmospheric <> atmos
atmospheric <> hava
atmospheric <> ortam
atmospherical <> atmos
atmospherically <> atmos
atmospherically <> hava
atmospherically <> ortam
atmospherics <> atmos
atmospherics <> paraz
atok <> ATOK
atoll <> atol
atoll <> merca
atom <> çok 
atom <> atom
atom <> zerre
atomic <> atom
atomic <> atomi
atomic <> atoml
atomic <> atoms
atomical <> atom
atomical <> atomi
atomical <> atoml
atomical <> atoms
atomically <> atomi
atomics <> nükle
atomisation <> Atomi
atomise <> atomi
atomised <> atomi
atomiser <> pülve
atomisers <> atomi
atomising <> atomi
atomism <> atomc
atomistic <> atomc
atomistic <> atoml
atomistically <> atomc
atomistically <> atoml
atomization <> atomi
atomize <> atom
atomize <> atoml
atomize <> püskü
atomized <> atomi
atomizer <> atomi
atomizer <> püskü
atomizers <> atoml
atomizes <> atomi
atoms <> atoml
atomy <> atom
atomy <> iskel
atomy <> küçüc
atonal <> ahenk
atonal <> atona
atonality <> ahenk
atone <> gönül
atone <> telâf
atonement <> ödeme
atonement <> gönül
atonement <> günah
atonement <> kefar
atonement <> telâf
atonia <> atoni
atonic <> aksan
atonic <> derma
atonic <> kuvve
atonic <> vurgu
atonic <> zayıf
atony <> derma
atony <> kuvve
atony <> zafiy
atop <> üstün
atop <> üstte
atop <> daha
atop <> teped
atopic <> atopi
atopy <> atopi
atoxic <> atoks
atpase <> ATPaz
atracurium <> atrak
atraumatic <> atrav
atremble <> korka
atremble <> titre
atresia <> atrez
atresias <> atrez
atretic <> atret
atria <> atriy
atrial <> atriy
atrio <> atriy
atrioseptostomy <> Çocuk
atriotomy <> atriy
atrioventricular <> atriy
atrip <> dipte
atrip <> salpa
atrium <> atriy
atrium <> avlu
atrium <> kemer
atrium <> kulak
atrium <> orta
atriums <> Avlu
atrocious <> çok 
atrocious <> acıma
atrocious <> berba
atrocious <> gadda
atrocious <> vahşi
atrocious <> zalim
atrociously <> çok 
atrociously <> acıma
atrociously <> berba
atrociously <> vahşi
atrocities <> vahşe
atrocity <> acıma
atrocity <> canav
atrocity <> gadda
atrocity <> gaf
atrocity <> pot
atrocity <> vahşe
atrophic <> atrof
atrophie <> atrof
atrophied <> dumur
atrophied <> gıdas
atrophied <> körel
atrophied <> yozla
atrophied <> zayıf
atrophies <> atrof
atrophoderma <> Atrop
atrophy <> atrof
atrophy <> dumur
atrophy <> körel
atropine <> atrop
attaboy <> aferi
attaboy <> bravo
attaboy <> hadi
attach <> bağla
attach <> eklem
attach <> el 
attach <> hacze
attach <> ilişt
attach <> takma
attach <> tuttu
attach <> yükle
attachable <> bağla
attachable <> el 
attachable <> hacze
attachable <> takıl
attachable <> takma
attache <> ataşe
attached <> bağlı
attached <> bitiş
attached <> ekli
attached <> sabit
attached <> takıl
attached <> yapış
attaches <> ekler
attaching <> bağla
attachment <> akses
attachment <> alâka
attachment <> bağlı
attachment <> dostl
attachment <> eki
attachment <> haciz
attachment <> ilgi
attachment <> parça
attachment <> sevgi
attachments <> Ekler
attack <> çatma
attack <> aşınd
attack <> atak
attack <> dil 
attack <> eleşt
attack <> giriş
attack <> hücum
attack <> hamle
attack <> koyul
attack <> kriz
attack <> nöbet
attack <> saldı
attack <> taarr
attack <> tecâv
attack <> tutul
attack <> uğraş
attack <> yakal
attackable <> saldı
attacked <> saldı
attacker <> saldı
attackers <> Saldı
attacking <> saldı
attacks <> saldı
attain <> elde
attain <> erişm
attain <> gelme
attain <> kazan
attain <> ulaşm
attain <> varma
attainability <> elde
attainability <> ulaşı
attainable <> elde
attainable <> kazan
attainable <> ulaşı
attainder <> idam
attainder <> manev
attained <> elde
attaining <> ulaşm
attainment <> elde
attainment <> erişm
attainment <> kazan
attainment <> ulaşm
attainments <> becer
attainments <> hüner
attainments <> marif
attaint <> ayıp
attaint <> idam
attaint <> leke
attaint <> lekel
attaint <> rezil
attaint <> tutul
attaint <> yakal
attal <> Attal
attar <> çiçek
attar <> ıtır
attars <> Attar
attemper <> denge
attemper <> dindi
attemper <> tavla
attemper <> teski
attemper <> yatış
attemper <> yumuş
attempt <> denem
attempt <> giriş
attempt <> kalkı
attempt <> teşeb
attempt <> yelte
attempted <> teşeb
attempter <> giriş
attempters <> giriş
attempting <> teşeb
attempts <> giriş
attend <> bakma
attend <> berab
attend <> devam
attend <> dikka
attend <> dinle
attend <> eşlik
attend <> hazır
attend <> hizme
attend <> katıl
attend <> kulak
attendance <> bakım
attendance <> bakma
attendance <> devam
attendance <> eşlik
attendance <> hazır
attendance <> ilgil
attendance <> katıl
attendance <> kuman
attendances <> seyir
attendancy <> derse
attendant <> bakıc
attendant <> bakan
attendant <> berab
attendant <> eşlik
attendant <> görev
attendant <> hizme
attendant <> ilgil
attendant <> mevcu
attendant <> opera
attendant <> refak
attendants <> görev
attendants <> maiye
attended <> katıl
attendee <> katıl
attendees <> katıl
attendents <> görev
attendents <> maiye
attending <> katıl
attends <> katıl
attentat <> Atten
attention <> özen
attention <> aldır
attention <> bakım
attention <> dikka
attention <> hazır
attention <> ilgi
attention <> ilgil
attention <> iltif
attention <> itina
attention <> kur
attentional <> dikka
attentions <> dikka
attentive <> özenl
attentive <> dikka
attentive <> kibar
attentive <> nazik
attentively <> dikka
attentiveness <> dikka
attenuate <> azalm
attenuate <> azalt
attenuate <> değer
attenuate <> hafif
attenuate <> ince
attenuate <> incel
attenuate <> kısma
attenuate <> söndü
attenuate <> seyre
attenuated <> zayıf
attenuates <> zayıf
attenuating <> hafif
attenuation <> azalm
attenuation <> azalt
attenuation <> incel
attenuation <> kısma
attenuation <> söndü
attenuation <> zayıf
attenuator <> zayıf
attenuators <> zayıf
attest <> beyan
attest <> doğru
attest <> iddia
attest <> ispat
attest <> kanıt
attest <> onayl
attest <> yemin
attestation <> şahad
attestation <> kanıt
attestation <> onayl
attestation <> tanık
attestation <> tasdi
attestation <> yemin
attestations <> onayl
attested <> onayl
attester <> şahit
attester <> tanık
attesting <> olunm
attests <> kanıt
attic <> çatı
attic <> Atika
attic <> Atina
attic <> ince
attic <> tavan
atticism <> Atika
atticism <> Atina
atticism <> güzel
attics <> çatı
attire <> donat
attire <> elbis
attire <> giydi
attire <> giysi
attire <> kılık
attire <> kıyaf
attire <> süs
attired <> giydi
attires <> giysi
attitude <> düşün
attitude <> davra
attitude <> duruş
attitude <> durum
attitude <> fikir
attitude <> konum
attitude <> poz
attitude <> tavır
attitude <> tutum
attitudes <> tutum
attitudinal <> davra
attitudinize <> haval
attitudinize <> kasıl
attitudinize <> poz 
attitudinize <> tavır
attitudinize <> yapma
attorney <> avuka
attorney <> dava
attorney <> vekil
attorneys <> avuka
attorneyship <> avuka
attract <> çekme
attract <> cezbe
attractant <> Cezbe
attractants <> Cezbe
attracted <> çekti
attracting <> cazip
attraction <> çekic
attraction <> çekim
attraction <> alıml
attraction <> atrak
attraction <> cazib
attraction <> eğlen
attractions <> konum
attractive <> çekic
attractive <> alıml
attractive <> cazib
attractive <> cazip
attractive <> göz 
attractive <> ilgi
attractively <> çekic
attractiveness <> çekic
attractiveness <> alben
attractiveness <> cazib
attractor <> çekic
attractors <> çekic
attracts <> çekiy
attributable <> atfol
attributable <> dayan
attributable <> veril
attributable <> yükle
attribute <> özell
attribute <> araz
attribute <> atfet
attribute <> bağla
attribute <> dayan
attribute <> nitel
attribute <> sıfat
attribute <> sembo
attribute <> simge
attribute <> yorma
attributed <> atfed
attributes <> öznit
attributing <> atfed
attribution <> özell
attribution <> atfet
attribution <> bağla
attribution <> dayan
attribution <> nitel
attribution <> sıfat
attribution <> yorma
attributional <> yükle
attributions <> atıfl
attributive <> atfed
attributive <> nitel
attributive <> sıfat
attributive <> veren
attrited <> sürtü
attrition <> aşınd
attrition <> aşınm
attrition <> yıpra
attritions <> işten
attune <> akort
attune <> alışt
attune <> uydur
attunement <> uyuml
attunements <> uyulm
atypia <> atipi
atypic <> atipi
atypical <> alışı
atypical <> atipi
atypical <> tipik
atypicality <> Atipi
atypically <> atipi
aubade <> şafak
aubergine <> patlı
aubergines <> patlı
aubin <> Aubin
auburn <> koyu
auburn <> kumra
auction <> açık
auction <> mezat
auctioned <> ihale
auctioneer <> açık
auctioneer <> mezat
auctioning <> açık
auctions <> müzay
audacious <> cüret
audacious <> cesur
audacious <> gözüp
audacious <> küsta
audacious <> yürek
audaciousness <> cesur
audaciousness <> gözüp
audaciousness <> küsta
audacity <> arsız
audacity <> cüret
audacity <> cesar
audacity <> küsta
audacity <> yürek
audial <> işits
audibility <> duyul
audibility <> işiti
audible <> akust
audible <> duyul
audible <> işiti
audibly <> sesli
audience <> dinle
audience <> huzur
audience <> izley
audience <> okuyu
audience <> resmi
audience <> seyir
audiences <> kitle
audio <> işitm
audio <> işits
audio <> ses
audiobooks <> sesli
audiocassettes <> kaset
audiogenic <> odiyo
audiogram <> odyog
audiograms <> odyog
audiologic <> odyol
audiological <> odyol
audiologist <> odyol
audiologists <> Odyol
audiology <> odyol
audiometer <> odyom
audiometric <> odyom
audiometrically <> imped
audiometry <> odyom
audion <> üç 
audion <> adyon
audiophile <> ses
audiophile <> ses 
audiophiles <> kulan
audios <> müzik
audiotape <> ses
audiotape <> ses 
audiotapes <> ses
audiotypist <> dinle
audiovisual <> görse
audit <> denet
audit <> hesap
audit <> incel
audit <> kontr
audit <> siste
auditable <> denet
audited <> Denet
auditee <> denet
auditees <> denet
auditing <> denet
auditing <> hesap
audition <> işitm
audition <> kulak
audition <> ses 
auditioned <> eleme
auditioning <> seçme
auditions <> Seçme
auditive <> işits
auditor <> denet
auditor <> dersi
auditor <> dinle
auditor <> hesap
auditorily <> işits
auditorium <> konfe
auditorium <> konse
auditorium <> odito
auditorium <> topla
auditoriums <> odito
auditors <> denet
auditorship <> Murak
auditory <> işitm
auditory <> işits
audits <> denet
auftakt <> Aufta
auger <> burgu
auger <> delgi
auger <> matka
augers <> helez
aught <> hiç
aught <> zerre
augite <> ojit
augment <> çoğal
augment <> artır
augment <> artma
augment <> büyüm
augment <> büyüt
augment <> geçmi
augment <> uzama
augment <> uzatm
augmentation <> çoğal
augmentation <> artış
augmentation <> artır
augmentation <> büyüm
augmentative <> çoğal
augmentative <> anlam
augmentative <> artır
augmentative <> büyüt
augmented <> Arttı
augmenting <> artır
augments <> zengi
augur <> önced
augur <> alâme
augur <> falcı
augur <> işare
augur <> kâhin
augur <> kehan
augur <> münec
augury <> alâme
augury <> işare
augury <> kehan
august <> Ağust
august <> aziz
august <> muhte
august <> saygı
auguste <> Augus
augustine <> Augus
auk <> bir
auk <> bir 
auld <> eski
auld <> yaşlı
aulic <> saray
aune <> Aune
aunes <> AUNES
aunt <> hala
aunt <> teyze
aunt <> yenge
auntie <> halac
auntie <> teyze
auntie <> yenge
aunties <> YAŞAD
aunts <> teyze
aunty <> teyze
aura <> atmos
aura <> buhar
aura <> hava
aura <> koku
aura <> ruh
aura <> sıcak
aurae <> Aurae
aural <> işitm
aural <> kulak
aurally <> kulak
aureate <> Aurea
aurelia <> Aurel
aurelian <> Aurel
aureola <> ışık
aureola <> ağıl
aureola <> atmos
aureola <> ayla
aureola <> hale
aureole <> ışık
aureole <> ağıl
aureole <> atmos
aureole <> ayla
aureole <> hale
aureoles <> halel
auric <> aura
auricle <> kulak
auricula <> ayıku
auricular <> fısıl
auricular <> gizli
auricular <> kulak
auriferous <> altın
auriga <> Araba
aurignacian <> Aurig
aurist <> kulak
aurochs <> Avrup
aurochs <> yaban
aurora <> şafak
aurora <> seher
aurora <> tan
auroras <> auror
auscultate <> stete
auscultation <> dinle
auscultation <> stete
auslander <> Ausla
auslese <> Ausle
auspice <> kuş
auspice <> kuş 
auspices <> himay
auspices <> korum
auspicial <> hayır
auspicious <> şansl
auspicious <> elver
auspicious <> hayır
auspicious <> kutlu
auspicious <> tâlih
auspicious <> uğurl
auspiciousness <> şans
auspiciousness <> hayır
auspiciousness <> kutlu
auspiciousness <> tâlih
auspiciousness <> uğur
austempering <> östem
austenite <> östen
austenitic <> östen
auster <> Auste
austere <> ağırb
austere <> ciddi
austere <> haşin
austere <> hoşgö
austere <> süssü
austere <> sade
austere <> sert
austerities <> sadel
austerity <> haşin
austerity <> masra
austerity <> sadel
austerity <> sertl
austerity <> tasar
austral <> güney
australopithecines <> Austr
australopithecus <> Austr
autacoids <> Otako
autarchic <> özerk
autarchic <> otarş
autarchical <> özerk
autarchical <> otarş
autarchies <> otarş
autarchy <> özerk
autarchy <> bağım
autarchy <> otarş
autarkic <> otarş
autarkical <> otarş
autarky <> özerk
autarky <> bağım
autarky <> otarş
auteurs <> Auteu
authentic <> asıl
authentic <> doğru
authentic <> esas
authentic <> güven
authentic <> gerçe
authentic <> otant
authentically <> otant
authenticate <> belge
authenticate <> doğru
authenticate <> kimli
authenticated <> doğru
authenticates <> doğru
authenticating <> kimli
authentication <> belge
authentication <> doğru
authentication <> kimli
authentications <> kimli
authenticator <> kimli
authenticators <> Doğru
authenticity <> özgün
authenticity <> doğru
authenticity <> güven
authenticity <> gerçe
authenticity <> otant
authentics <> Authe
authigenic <> otije
author <> yarat
author <> yazar
authored <> yazar
authoress <> kadın
authoresses <> yazar
authoring <> Yazar
authorisation <> izin
authorisation <> ruhsa
authorisation <> yetki
authorisations <> yetki
authorise <> izin
authorise <> onayl
authorise <> provi
authorise <> ruhsa
authorise <> yetki
authorised <> izinl
authorised <> resmi
authorised <> yetki
authorises <> yetki
authorising <> Yetki
authoritarian <> otori
authoritarianism <> otori
authoritarians <> otori
authoritative <> amira
authoritative <> buyur
authoritative <> otori
authoritative <> yetki
authoritatively <> yetki
authorities <> yetki
authority <> bilir
authority <> hüküm
authority <> hak
authority <> itiba
authority <> nüfuz
authority <> otori
authority <> uzman
authority <> yetki
authorization <> izin
authorization <> ruhsa
authorization <> yetki
authorizations <> yetki
authorize <> izin
authorize <> onayl
authorize <> provi
authorize <> ruhsa
authorize <> yetki
authorized <> izinl
authorized <> resmi
authorized <> yetki
authorizers <> YETKİ
authorizes <> yetki
authorizing <> Yetki
authors <> Yazar
authorship <> köken
authorship <> kayna
authorship <> yazar
authorships <> yazar
autism <> içe 
autism <> otizm
autistic <> içe 
autistic <> otist
autistics <> otist
auto <> araba
auto <> oto
auto <> otomo
autoanalyzer <> otoan
autoantibodies <> otoan
autoantibody <> otoan
autoantigen <> otoan
autoantigens <> otoan
autobahn <> otoba
autobalance <> otoma
autobiographer <> otobi
autobiographic <> otobi
autobiographical <> otobi
autobiographies <> otobi
autobiography <> özgeç
autobiography <> özyaş
autobiography <> kendi
autobiography <> otobi
autobus <> otobü
autocade <> konvo
autocamp <> Autoc
autocar <> araba
autocar <> otomo
autocatalysis <> otoka
autocatalytic <> otoka
autochthon <> bir 
autochthon <> yerli
autochthonous <> yerli
autochthonously <> otokt
autochton <> otokt
autocide <> araba
autocide <> intih
autoclavable <> otokl
autoclave <> otokl
autoclave <> steri
autoclaved <> otokl
autoclaves <> otokl
autoclaving <> otokl
autocode <> otoko
autocode <> otoma
autocoid <> otoko
autocollimator <> Otoko
autocorrelation <> otoko
autocracies <> otokr
autocracy <> otokr
autocracy <> saltç
autocrat <> dikta
autocrat <> otokr
autocratic <> despo
autocratic <> dikta
autocratic <> otokr
autocratic <> zorba
autocratical <> despo
autocratical <> dikta
autocratical <> otokr
autocratical <> zorba
autocrats <> otokr
autocrine <> otokr
autocue <> akıl
autocue <> telev
autodidact <> kendi
autodidact <> otodi
autoerythrocyte <> Otoer
autofluorescence <> otofl
autofocus <> otofo
autogamous <> kendi
autogenetic <> OTOJE
autogenic <> otoje
autogenous <> kendi
autogenous <> otoje
autogiro <> bir 
autogiro <> otoji
autograft <> otogr
autografting <> otogr
autografts <> otogr
autograph <> imza
autograph <> imzal
autograph <> kendi
autograph <> otogr
autograph <> yazar
autographed <> imzal
autographic <> imzal
autographic <> kendi
autographs <> imza
autography <> asıl
autography <> baskı
autography <> otogr
autoharp <> Autoh
autohemotherapy <> otohe
autohypnosis <> kendi
autoignition <> otoma
autoimmune <> doğuş
autoimmune <> otoim
autoimmunity <> otoim
autoincrement <> AUTOI
autoinoculation <> otoin
autointoxication <> kendi
autointoxication <> vücud
autoionization <> öziyo
autoist <> autoi
autoist <> sürüc
autoloader <> Autol
autoloading <> Özdev
autologous <> otolo
autolycus <> Autol
autolytic <> Otoli
automagically <> özdev
automat <> otoma
automat <> satış
automata <> otoma
automate <> makin
automate <> otoma
automated <> otoma
automates <> otoma
automatic <> istem
automatic <> kendi
automatic <> otoma
automatical <> otoma
automatically <> istem
automatically <> kendi
automatically <> otoma
automaticity <> otoma
automatics <> otoma
automating <> otoma
automation <> özdev
automation <> otoma
automations <> otoma
automatisation <> otoma
automatising <> otoma
automatism <> otoma
automatisms <> otoma
automative <> otomo
automatization <> otoma
automatize <> otoma
automatized <> otoma
automaton <> otoma
automaton <> robot
automatons <> otoma
automats <> otoma
automobile <> araba
automobile <> otomo
automobiles <> otomo
automobilism <> araba
automobilism <> sürüc
automobilist <> autom
automobilist <> sürüc
automobility <> otomo
automorphic <> Otomo
automorphism <> otomo
automorphisms <> otomo
automotive <> araba
automotive <> otomo
autonomic <> otono
autonomical <> otono
autonomist <> otono
autonomists <> otono
autonomous <> özerk
autonomous <> otono
autonomously <> otono
autonomy <> özerk
autonomy <> otono
autooxidation <> özyük
autophagic <> Otofa
autophagy <> otofa
autophone <> AutoP
autopilot <> otoma
autoportrait <> Otopo
autopsied <> otops
autopsies <> otops
autopsy <> bizza
autopsy <> otops
autoradiography <> otora
autoregressive <> otore
autoregulation <> otore
autoregulatory <> otore
autoresponder <> otoma
autoresponders <> Autor
autorotation <> Otoro
autosave <> otoma
autosaves <> Otoma
autoshop <> AutoS
autosomal <> otozo
autosomes <> otozo
autosuggest <> AutoS
autosuggestion <> kendi
autotimers <> otoma
autotransformer <> ototr
autotransformers <> ototr
autotransfusion <> ototr
autotransfusions <> ototr
autotransplantation <> ototr
autotroph <> Ototr
autotrophic <> ototr
autotype <> ototo
autoxidation <> oksid
autumn <> güz
autumn <> sonba
autumnal <> sonba
autumns <> sonba
auxiliaries <> deste
auxiliaries <> yardı
auxiliary <> deste
auxiliary <> yardı
auxiliary <> yedek
auxin <> oksin
auxins <> Oksin
avail <> avant
avail <> fayda
avail <> işe 
avail <> kâr
avail <> yaram
avail <> yarar
availabilities <> mevcu
availability <> bulun
availability <> durum
availability <> geçer
availability <> hazır
availability <> müsai
availability <> mevcu
available <> eldek
available <> geçer
available <> hazır
available <> işe 
available <> kulla
available <> müsai
available <> mevcu
available <> var
avails <> kâr
avails <> kazan
aval <> Aval
avalanche <> çığ
avalanche <> heyel
avalanches <> çığ
avarice <> açgöz
avarice <> para
avaricious <> para
avaricious <> parag
avaricious <> tamah
avas <> Avas
avascular <> avask
avatars <> avata
ave <> Hazre
ave <> ave
ave <> güle
ave <> hoşça
ave <> merha
ave <> selam
avel <> Avel
avena <> Avena
avenge <> öcünü
avenge <> acısı
avenge <> intik
avenged <> öcü
avenger <> öç 
avenger <> intik
avengers <> Aveng
avenging <> intik
aventail <> Avent
aventures <> Avent
aventurine <> Avent
avenue <> ağaçl
avenue <> bulva
avenue <> cadde
avenue <> iki 
avenue <> yol
avenues <> cadde
aver <> iddia
aver <> kanıt
aver <> söyle
average <> avary
average <> avera
average <> cari
average <> hasar
average <> ortal
average <> sırad
average <> zarar
averaged <> ortal
averagely <> Ortal
averages <> ortal
averaging <> ortal
averment <> delil
averment <> iddia
averment <> kanıt
avers <> Avers
averse <> aksi
averse <> gönül
averse <> hoşnu
averse <> istek
averse <> karşı
aversion <> hoşla
aversion <> hoşnu
aversion <> iğren
aversion <> istek
aversion <> nefre
aversion <> sevim
aversion <> sevme
aversion <> yıldı
aversive <> caydı
avert <> çevir
avert <> önlem
avert <> başka
avert <> gider
averted <> önlen
avertin <> AVERT
averting <> önler
averts <> önler
avian <> Kuş
avians <> Kuşla
aviaries <> kuş
aviary <> kuşha
aviate <> pilot
aviate <> uçak
aviatic <> Aviat
aviation <> havac
aviations <> havac
aviator <> havac
aviator <> pilot
aviators <> havac
aviculture <> kuşçu
aviculture <> kuş
aviculture <> kuş 
avid <> açgöz
avid <> arzul
avid <> doyma
avid <> doyum
avid <> hırsl
avidin <> Avidi
avidity <> açgöz
avidity <> hırs
avidity <> istek
avidly <> heves
avie <> AVIE
aviles <> Avile
avionic <> aviyo
avionics <> aviyo
avionics <> havac
avision <> AVISI
avital <> AVITA
avitaminosis <> Eksik
avize <> Avize
avo <> AVO
avocado <> avoka
avocadoes <> Avoca
avocados <> avoka
avocation <> hobi
avocation <> merak
avocation <> mesle
avocation <> uğraş
avocats <> Avoca
avoid <> önlem
avoid <> iptal
avoid <> kaçın
avoid <> korun
avoid <> sakın
avoid <> savuş
avoid <> uzak
avoidable <> iptal
avoidable <> kaçın
avoidable <> sakın
avoidance <> iptal
avoidance <> kaçın
avoidance <> kurtu
avoidance <> sakın
avoidance <> uzak
avoidant <> Çekin
avoided <> Kaçın
avoider <> Avoid
avoiding <> önlem
avoiding <> kaçın
avoids <> önler
avoirdupois <> İngil
avoirdupois <> ağırl
avouch <> doğru
avouch <> itira
avow <> açıkç
avow <> beyan
avow <> itira
avowal <> doğru
avowal <> itira
avowal <> kabul
avowed <> açık
avowed <> bariz
avowed <> belli
avowedly <> açıkç
avowedly <> alene
avulsed <> Kopan
avulsion <> avuls
avuncular <> amca
await <> bekle
await <> hazır
awaited <> bekle
awaiting <> bekli
awaits <> bekli
awake <> farkı
awake <> gözü
awake <> gözün
awake <> tetik
awake <> uyanı
awake <> uyand
awake <> uyanm
awake <> uyarm
awake <> uykud
awaken <> farkı
awaken <> gözü
awaken <> ikaz
awaken <> uyand
awaken <> uyanm
awakened <> uyand
awakeness <> uyanı
awakening <> ikaz
awakening <> uyanı
awakening <> uyand
awakening <> uyanm
awakening <> uykud
awakenings <> uyanm
awakens <> uyanı
awakes <> uyanı
awaking <> farkı
award <> ödül
award <> ödene
award <> hüküm
award <> hükme
award <> ihale
award <> karar
award <> mükâf
award <> tazmi
award <> verme
awarded <> ödül
awardees <> İstek
awarding <> ödüll
awards <> ödül
aware <> farkı
aware <> haber
aware <> tetik
aware <> uyanı
awareness <> farkı
awareness <> haber
awash <> dalga
awash <> su 
awash <> suda
awave <> Awave
away <> bir 
away <> depla
away <> devam
away <> durma
away <> rakip
away <> uzağa
away <> uzak
away <> uzakt
away <> yok
aways <> uzağa
awe <> haşme
awe <> huşu
awe <> korku
awe <> saygı
awe <> ululu
awesome <> aweso
awesome <> dehşe
awesome <> korku
awesomely <> Dehşe
awestruck <> dehşe
awestruck <> korkm
awful <> çok 
awful <> berba
awful <> korku
awful <> müthi
awful <> olduk
awfully <> çok
awfully <> müthi
awfully <> son 
awfulness <> berba
awfulness <> korku
awhile <> bir
awhile <> bir 
awhile <> biraz
awkward <> aksi
awkward <> becer
awkward <> garip
awkward <> kulla
awkward <> sakar
awkward <> ters
awkward <> zorlu
awkwardly <> becer
awkwardly <> sakar
awkwardness <> acemi
awkwardness <> aksil
awkwardness <> becer
awkwardness <> kulla
awkwardness <> sakar
awkwardness <> tersl
awl <> biz
awl <> tığ
awn <> başak
awn <> kılçı
awning <> güneş
awning <> tente
awnings <> tente
awoke <> uyand
awoken <> uyand
awol <> AWOL
awry <> çarpı
awry <> eğri
awry <> ters
awry <> yan
ax <> çalgı
ax <> azalt
ax <> balta
ax <> enstr
ax <> işten
ax <> kısma
ax <> kovma
ax <> sepet
axal <> Axal
axe <> çalgı
axe <> azalt
axe <> balta
axe <> enstr
axe <> işten
axe <> kısma
axe <> kovma
axe <> sepet
axed <> sarst
axels <> aks
axeman <> Balta
axer <> Axer
axes <> eksen
axetil <> akset
axial <> eksen
axially <> eksen
axil <> dal
axil <> dal 
axil <> yapra
axile <> Axile
axilla <> dal 
axilla <> koltu
axillae <> aksil
axillar <> aksil
axillary <> aksil
axine <> Axine
axinite <> Aksin
axiom <> aksiy
axiom <> belit
axiomatic <> aksiy
axiomatization <> aksiy
axioms <> aksiy
axis <> anlaş
axis <> eksen
axis <> mihve
axis <> uyuşm
axises <> eksen
axisymmetric <> simet
axisymmetrical <> aksis
axisymmetrically <> aksis
axisymmetry <> Eksen
axle <> aks
axle <> dingi
axle <> eksen
axle <> mil
axles <> aksla
axolotl <> Axolo
axon <> akson
axonal <> akson
axonometric <> akson
axons <> akson
ay <> evet
ay <> hay 
ay <> kabul
ay <> oluml
ayahuasca <> Ayahu
ayatollah <> Ayetu
ayatollahs <> Ayetu
aye <> evet
aye <> hay 
aye <> kabul
aye <> oluml
ayen <> Ayen
ayes <> AYES
ayme <> Ayme
ayre <> Ayre
ayres <> Ayres
ayuntamiento <> Ayunt
ayurvedic <> ayurv
ayus <> Ayus
azalea <> açely
azaleas <> açely
azan <> ezan
azathioprine <> azati
azelaic <> azela
azeotrope <> azeot
azeotropic <> azeot
azide <> azid
azides <> azitl
azimuth <> azimu
azimuth <> güney
azimuthal <> azimu
azin <> Azin
azithromycin <> azitr
azodyes <> Azo
azoic <> azoik
azole <> azol
azoles <> azoll
azon <> Azon
azoospermia <> azoos
azores <> Azore
azotaemia <> azote
azote <> azot
azote <> nitro
azotemia <> azote
azoth <> Azoth
azure <> bulut
azure <> gök 
azure <> gökyü
azure <> masma
azure <> mavi
azurite <> azuri
baa <> mee
baa <> melem
baal <> Baal
baal <> Fenik
baal <> sahte
baalism <> Baal'
baas <> efend
baas <> patro
babbage <> Babba
babbit <> tipik
babbit <> yatak
babbitt <> Babbi
babbitted <> babit
babble <> çağıl
babble <> şırıl
babble <> ağula
babble <> ağzın
babble <> boş 
babble <> boşbo
babble <> gevez
babbler <> ötleğ
babbler <> boşbo
babbler <> dedik
babbler <> gevez
babbling <> gevez
babe <> bebe
babe <> bebek
babe <> kız
babe <> piliç
babel <> Babil
babel <> ana
babel <> ana 
babel <> karga
babesia <> Babes
babies <> bebek
babite <> Babit
babka <> Babka
baboo <> biraz
baboo <> efend
baboon <> Habeş
baboon <> babui
baboons <> babun
babushka <> eşarp
baby <> çocuk
baby <> şımar
baby <> bebek
baby <> eser
baby <> küçük
baby <> piliç
baby <> sorum
baby <> yavru
babyhood <> bebek
babyish <> çocuk
babyish <> bebek
babysit <> bebek
babysitter <> çocuk
babysitters <> bebek
babysitting <> bebek
bacca <> Bacca
baccalaureate <> bakal
baccalaureate <> fakül
baccara <> Bacca
baccarat <> bakar
bacchanal <> şarap
bacchanal <> Baküs
bacchanal <> ayyaş
bacchanal <> içki
bacchanalia <> Baküs
bacchanalia <> içki
bacchanalian <> içki
bacchanals <> İçki
bacchanals <> Baküs
bacchant <> Baküs
bacchant <> ayyaş
bacchant <> içki
bacchant <> sarho
bacchante <> Baküs
bacchante <> ayyaş
bacchante <> sarho
bacchic <> Baküs
bacchus <> Baküs
bacco <> Bacco
baccy <> tütün
bach <> bekâr
bacharach <> Bacha
bachelor <> bekâr
bachelor <> fakül
bachelorette <> bekar
bachelorhood <> bakal
bachelorhood <> bekâr
bachelors <> bekar
baches <> Bache
bacillariophyceae <> Bacil
bacillariophyta <> Bacil
bacillary <> basil
bacilli <> basil
bacillus <> basil
bacitracin <> basit
back <> ödeme
back <> ödenm
back <> önce
back <> üzeri
back <> arka
back <> arkad
back <> arkal
back <> arkay
back <> astar
back <> bek
back <> belke
back <> ciro
back <> defan
back <> deste
back <> elin
back <> eski
back <> geçmi
back <> geri
back <> gerid
back <> geriy
back <> kapla
back <> kayır
back <> kitap
back <> sırtı
back <> sırt
back <> takvi
back <> tekne
back <> ters
back <> uzak
backache <> bel 
backache <> sırt
backbeats <> Backb
backbencher <> kıdem
backbencher <> yönet
backbend <> köprü
backbite <> çekiş
backbite <> arkas
backbite <> iftir
backbite <> kötül
backbiter <> arkad
backbiter <> dedik
backbiter <> iftir
backboard <> arkal
backboards <> Arkal
backbone <> belke
backbone <> direk
backbone <> karak
backbone <> metan
backbone <> omurg
backbone <> temel
backboned <> etraf
backbones <> omurg
backchat <> Backc
backcloth <> sahne
backcloth <> uygun
backcloth <> zemin
backcombed <> dağın
backcover <> arka
backdoors <> arka
backdown <> cayma
backdown <> sözün
backdown <> vazge
backdrop <> perde
backdrop <> sahne
backdrop <> temel
backdrop <> uygun
backdrop <> zemin
backdrops <> arka
backed <> arka
backed <> arkal
backed <> arkas
backed <> astar
backed <> deste
backed <> kaplı
backends <> backe
backer <> üstün
backer <> arka
backer <> bahis
backer <> deste
backer <> finan
backer <> spons
backers <> deste
backfile <> arşiv
backfill <> dolgu
backfilling <> dolgu
backfills <> Dolgu
backfired <> geri
backflow <> geri
backflush <> Backf
backgammon <> tavla
backgammons <> Katme
background <> özgeç
background <> arka
background <> fon
background <> geçmi
background <> geri
background <> sosya
background <> zemin
backgrounder <> Backg
backgrounding <> arkap
backgrounds <> arka
backhand <> backh
backhand <> sola
backhand <> ters
backhanded <> belir
backhanded <> elin
backhanded <> iki 
backhanded <> kapal
backhanded <> sola
backhander <> rüşve
backhander <> ters
backhauling <> backh
backhoe <> kazıc
backhoes <> yükle
backhouse <> Backh
backing <> arka
backing <> arkal
backing <> ciro
backing <> deste
backing <> kayır
backing <> onay
backing <> takvi
backing <> torpi
backing <> yardı
backings <> Kapla
backland <> Arka
backlash <> bekle
backlash <> boşlu
backlash <> laçka
backlash <> salgı
backlash <> ters
backless <> Backl
backlight <> arka
backlighted <> aydın
backlighting <> Arka
backlist <> yayın
backlit <> aydın
backlog <> birik
backlog <> ihtiy
backlog <> rezer
backlog <> yarım
backlog <> yedek
backlogs <> birik
backlot <> Backl
backout <> işlem
backpack <> arka
backpack <> sırt
backpackers <> Backp
backpacks <> sırt
backpedalled <> backp
backpedalling <> backp
backplate <> arka
backprojection <> film
backpropagation <> geri
backreference <> ile
backrest <> arkal
backroom <> kulüb
backs <> çimen
backs <> deste
backs <> park
backscattered <> saçıl
backscattering <> geri
backseats <> Sırt
backsheesh <> bahşi
backside <> arka
backside <> kıç
backside <> popo
backsight <> geri
backsight <> gez
backslapper <> aşırı
backslapper <> pohpo
backslash <> tersb
backslashed <> ters
backslashes <> backs
backslidden <> geril
backslide <> dinde
backslide <> günah
backslide <> kötü
backslider <> günah
backslider <> kötü
backsliding <> kötül
backspace <> geri
backspacer <> geri
backspaces <> geri
backspin <> Kesme
backspins <> kesme
backstabbers <> bıçak
backstage <> gizli
backstage <> kulis
backstage <> perde
backstage <> sahne
backstairs <> arka
backstairs <> el
backstairs <> el 
backstairs <> gizli
backstay <> patri
backstitch <> iğnea
backstitch <> teyel
backstop <> saha
backstop <> topra
backstops <> Geri
backstory <> Backs
backstrap <> atın
backstrap <> kusku
backstreets <> Backs
backstroke <> sırtü
backstroke <> ters
backswept <> geriy
backsword <> tek
backsword <> tek 
backswordsman <> tek
backswordsman <> tek 
backtrack <> aynı
backtrack <> sözün
backtrack <> sarfı
backtrack <> vazge
backtracking <> Geriy
backup <> deste
backup <> trafi
backup <> yardı
backup <> yedek
backups <> yedek
backwall <> arka
backward <> çağdı
backward <> çekin
backward <> geç
backward <> geç 
backward <> geçmi
backward <> geliş
backward <> geri
backward <> geriy
backward <> istek
backward <> ters
backward <> tersi
backward <> yavaş
backwardation <> depor
backwardly <> geriy
backwardness <> geç 
backwardness <> geri
backwardness <> geriy
backwardness <> yavaş
backwards <> geçmi
backwards <> geri
backwards <> geriy
backwards <> ters
backwards <> tersi
backwash <> backw
backwash <> dümen
backwash <> dalga
backwash <> olayı
backwashes <> Ters
backwashing <> geri
backwater <> durgu
backwater <> ilgis
backwater <> perva
backwater <> siya
backwater <> tersi
backwoods <> geri
backwoods <> kaba
backwoods <> orman
backwoods <> taşra
backwoodsman <> dağlı
backwoodsman <> kaba
backwoodsman <> lordl
backwoodsman <> taşra
backyard <> arka
baclofen <> baklo
bacon <> Bacon
bacon <> beykı
bacon <> domuz
bacon <> tütsü
bacteraemia <> bakte
bacteremia <> bakte
bacteremias <> bakte
bacteremic <> bakte
bacteri <> BAKTE
bacteria <> bakte
bacterial <> bakte
bacterially <> bakte
bacterias <> bakte
bactericidal <> bakte
bactericide <> bakte
bactericides <> bakte
bacteriemia <> bakte
bacterin <> bakte
bacteriocidal <> bakte
bacteriocin <> bakte
bacteriocins <> bakte
bacteriologic <> bakte
bacteriological <> bakte
bacteriologically <> bakte
bacteriologist <> bakte
bacteriology <> bakte
bacteriolysis <> bakte
bacteriophage <> bakte
bacteriophages <> bakte
bacteriostat <> bakte
bacteriostatic <> bakte
bacterium <> bakte
bacteriums <> bakte
bacteriuria <> bakte
bacteroides <> Bacte
bactrian <> Baktr
bacula <> Bacul
baculovirus <> bakül
bad <> çürük
bad <> şanss
bad <> berba
bad <> bozuk
bad <> fena
bad <> kötü
bad <> küfür
bad <> kem
bad <> kokmu
bad <> kokuş
bad <> periş
bad <> rahat
bad <> sahte
bad <> sert
bad <> terbi
bad <> yıkım
bad <> zarar
badasses <> Badas
badder <> zorla
baddest <> kötü
baddie <> kötü
baddish <> kötüc
baddish <> olduk
baddy <> kötü
bade <> davet
bade <> demek
bade <> emret
bade <> söyle
badge <> işare
badge <> nişan
badge <> rozet
badged <> rozet
badger <> Wisko
badger <> başın
badger <> gücen
badger <> kızdı
badger <> porsu
badger <> rahat
badger <> yakas
badgers <> porsu
badges <> rozet
badian <> Çin
badinage <> şaka
badinage <> takıl
badlands <> çorak
badlands <> verim
badly <> çok
badly <> ağır
badly <> berba
badly <> fena
badly <> kötü
badminton <> badmi
badminton <> tüylü
badmouth <> şidde
badmouth <> sövüp
badmouth <> yerde
badness <> elver
badness <> kötül
bael <> Bael
baff <> Baff
baffle <> önlem
baffle <> şaşır
baffle <> şaşkı
baffle <> baffl
baffle <> boşa
baffle <> bozma
baffle <> engel
baffle <> zor 
baffled <> şaşır
baffled <> şaşkı
baffles <> kelim
baffling <> şaşır
baffling <> aldat
baffling <> durma
baffling <> güç
baffling <> karar
baffling <> zor
baft <> Baft
bafta <> BAFTA
baftas <> BAFTA
bag <> çalma
bag <> çanta
bag <> çekil
bag <> çuval
bag <> şişir
bag <> aşırm
bag <> av 
bag <> avlam
bag <> germe
bag <> iç 
bag <> kese
bag <> poşet
bag <> sarkm
bag <> sevim
bag <> torba
bag <> yakal
bagatelle <> önems
bagatelle <> belir
bagatelle <> bilar
bagel <> simit
bagels <> simit
baggage <> şımar
baggage <> bagaj
baggage <> civel
baggage <> haspa
baggage <> moruk
baggage <> ordu
baggage <> sevim
baggage <> valiz
baggage <> yol 
baggages <> bagaj
bagged <> Torba
bagger <> Bagge
bagging <> çuval
bagging <> şişki
bagging <> kabar
bagging <> sarkı
bagging <> torba
baggy <> bol
baggy <> sarkı
baggy <> torba
bagman <> satıc
bagnio <> genel
bagnio <> hamam
bagnio <> zinda
bagpipe <> gayda
bagpiper <> gayda
bagpipes <> gayda
bags <> çanta
bags <> bol 
bags <> panto
baguette <> baget
baguettes <> baget
baguio <> Bagui
bah <> tu
bahadur <> Bahad
bahs <> Bahs
baikerite <> Bayik
bail <> çembe
bail <> emane
bail <> kefal
bail <> kefil
bail <> kulp
bail <> kurta
bail <> suyun
bail <> temin
bailable <> kefil
bailable <> temin
bailee <> emane
bailee <> emin
bailee <> mutem
bailer <> kayığ
bailer <> kefal
bailer <> suyu
bailey <> şaton
baileys <> Baile
bailie <> Baili
bailiff <> icra
bailiff <> kâhya
bailiff <> kralı
bailiff <> mübaş
bailiffs <> icra
bailing <> tahli
bailiwick <> bilgi
bailiwick <> yetki
bailli <> Baill
baillie <> Baill
bailment <> kefal
bailment <> temin
bailor <> temin
bailout <> kurta
bailsman <> garan
bainite <> beyni
bairn <> çocuk
bairn <> bairn
bait <> canın
bait <> cezbe
bait <> köpek
bait <> kızdı
bait <> kandı
bait <> mola
bait <> olta
bait <> rahat
bait <> yem
bait <> yem 
bait <> yemle
baiter <> kızdı
baiter <> rahat
baiting <> canın
baiting <> kızdı
baiting <> konak
baiting <> mola
baiting <> rahat
baits <> yemle
baize <> çuha
bajada <> Bajad
bajra <> Bajra
bake <> çok 
bake <> fırın
bake <> kavur
bake <> kurut
bake <> pişme
bake <> yemek
baked <> fırın
baked <> pişmi
bakehouse <> ekmek
bakehouse <> fırın
baker <> ekmek
baker <> fırın
baker <> porta
bakeries <> fırın
bakerite <> Baker
bakers <> fırın
bakery <> ekmek
bakery <> fırın
bakhshish <> bahşi
bakhshish <> tip
baking <> fırın
baking <> kızgı
baking <> kor 
baklavas <> bakla
baklawa <> bakla
baksheesh <> bahşi
baksheesh <> tip
balaam <> Balam
balaclava <> yün
balaclava <> yün 
baladin <> BALAD
balaenoptera <> Balae
balalaika <> balal
balalaika <> mando
balance <> bakiy
balance <> balan
balance <> bilan
balance <> düşün
balance <> dalga
balance <> denge
balance <> denk
balance <> denkl
balance <> eşitl
balance <> inip
balance <> kalan
balance <> karşı
balance <> ruhsa
balance <> salın
balance <> tartm
balance <> teraz
balance <> uyum
balanced <> denge
balanced <> denk
balancer <> denge
balancers <> denge
balances <> bakiy
balancing <> denge
balanitis <> balan
balboa <> Balbo
balboas <> Balbo
balconied <> balko
balconies <> balko
balcons <> Balco
balcony <> balko
bald <> dazla
bald <> kabak
bald <> kel
bald <> sıkıc
bald <> saçsı
bald <> sade
bald <> tüysü
bald <> yalın
bald <> yapra
bald <> yavan
baldachin <> balda
baldachin <> sunak
baldaquin <> balda
baldaquin <> sunak
balder <> Balde
balderdash <> boş 
balderdash <> saçma
balderdash <> zırva
baldhead <> dazla
baldhead <> kel
balding <> kelle
balding <> saçla
baldness <> çıpla
baldness <> açıkl
baldness <> kelli
baldpate <> başın
baldpate <> kel
baldy <> Baldy
bale <> balya
bale <> denk
bale <> kayığ
bale <> paraş
bale <> suyun
balearic <> Balea
baled <> balya
baleen <> balen
balefire <> şenli
balefire <> işare
baleful <> kötü
baleful <> uğurs
baleful <> zarar
baler <> Balya
balers <> balya
bales <> balya
baling <> balya
balk <> ayak
balk <> başar
balk <> durak
balk <> engel
balk <> hata
balk <> inat
balk <> inatl
balk <> kaçın
balk <> ket
balk <> kiriş
balk <> sürül
balkanization <> balka
balkanize <> balka
balked <> buna
balks <> ana
balky <> inatç
balky <> yürüm
ball <> balo
ball <> bilye
ball <> fişek
ball <> gülle
ball <> ilaç
ball <> küre
ball <> miske
ball <> sikme
ball <> top
ball <> top 
ball <> yumak
ball <> yuvar
ballad <> şarkı
ballad <> balad
ballad <> halk
ballad <> hikây
ballad <> koşuk
ballad <> türkü
ballade <> balad
ballades <> balad
balladry <> öykü
balladry <> balad
ballan <> Balla
ballast <> çakıl
ballast <> balas
ballast <> denge
ballast <> istik
ballast <> karar
ballast <> safra
ballasted <> balas
ballasting <> Balas
ballasts <> balas
ballboy <> Ballb
ballbreaker <> Ballb
ballcock <> Şaman
baller <> suçlu
ballerina <> baler
ballerinas <> baler
ballers <> gangs
ballet <> bale
balletomane <> bale
balletomane <> bales
ballets <> balel
ballgame <> Ballg
ballies <> Balli
balling <> yuvar
ballista <> mancı
ballistic <> balis
ballistic <> mermi
ballistically <> balis
ballistics <> balis
balloon <> şişir
balloon <> şişme
balloon <> abart
balloon <> balon
balloon <> havad
balloon <> küre
balloon <> kabar
balloon <> zam 
ballooning <> balon
balloonist <> balon
balloons <> balon
ballot <> gizli
ballot <> kura
ballot <> oy
ballot <> oy 
ballot <> oylam
balloting <> oy
ballots <> oy
ballpoint <> tüken
ballroom <> balo
ballrooms <> balo
balls <> hayal
balls <> saçma
balls <> taşak
balls <> topla
ballup <> hengâ
ballup <> karma
ballyhoo <> gürül
ballyhoo <> propa
ballyhoo <> reklâ
ballyhoo <> velve
ballyrag <> eşek
ballyrag <> el 
balm <> beles
balm <> krem
balm <> melis
balm <> merhe
balm <> oğulo
balmoral <> bere
balmoral <> kaske
balmy <> çatla
balmy <> dinle
balmy <> hoş 
balmy <> huzur
balmy <> kaçık
balmy <> sıcac
balneal <> banyo
balneologic <> balne
balneological <> balne
balneology <> banyo
balneotherapy <> balne
baloney <> şişma
baloney <> palav
baloney <> saçma
baloney <> zırva
balsa <> balza
balsam <> balsa
balsam <> beles
balsam <> kınaç
balsam <> peles
balsam <> yumuş
balsamic <> beles
balsamic <> dinle
balsamic <> huzur
balsamic <> kokul
balsamic <> yumuş
balsams <> balsa
balter <> Balte
balthasar <> Balth
balthazar <> Balth
baluster <> korku
balustrade <> korku
balustrade <> parma
balustrade <> trabz
balustrades <> korku
bamboo <> Hint
bamboo <> bambu
bamboos <> bambu
bamboozle <> şaşır
bamboozle <> aldat
bamboozle <> işlet
bamboozle <> kafes
bamboozle <> kandı
bamboozled <> Bambo
bamboozling <> uyutm
bamf <> BAMF
bammer <> Bamme
bams <> BAMS
ban <> afaro
ban <> boyko
ban <> menet
ban <> vali
ban <> yasak
banakite <> Banak
banal <> banal
banal <> basma
banal <> bayağ
banal <> sırad
banality <> adili
banality <> banal
banality <> bayağ
banalize <> adile
banalize <> banal
banana <> muz
bananas <> muz
banat <> Banat
bancassurance <> banka
band <> çete
band <> şarkı
band <> şerit
band <> bağla
band <> bando
band <> bant
band <> bantl
band <> freka
band <> grup
band <> kayış
band <> kemer
band <> mızık
band <> orkes
band <> sargı
band <> takım
bandage <> bağ
bandage <> bağla
bandage <> banda
bandage <> sargı
bandage <> sarma
bandaged <> sargı
bandages <> banda
bandaging <> banda
bandaid <> banda
bandaite <> Banda
bandana <> banda
bandanna <> banda
bandar <> Banda
bandas <> Banda
bandbox <> şapka
bandeau <> saç
bandeau <> saç 
bandeaux <> saç
bandeaux <> saç 
banded <> çizgi
banded <> şerit
banded <> bağlı
banded <> bantl
bandeirantes <> Bande
bander <> Bande
banderol <> bandr
banderol <> fland
banderole <> bandr
banderole <> fland
banderols <> bandr
bandicoot <> Bandi
bandies <> Bandi
banding <> bantl
bandit <> eşkıy
bandit <> haydu
bandit <> silâh
banditry <> eşkiy
banditry <> haydu
banditry <> soygu
bandits <> eşkıy
bandleader <> grup
bandleaders <> grup
bandmaster <> bando
bandog <> çoban
bandog <> bekçi
bandoleer <> fişek
bandoleer <> omuz
bandoleer <> palas
bandoleros <> Bando
bandolier <> fişek
bandolier <> omuz
bandolier <> palas
bandoliers <> fişek
bandon <> Bando
bands <> bantl
bandsaw <> şerit
bandsawing <> şerit
bandsaws <> Şerit
bandsman <> bando
bandstand <> bando
bandstand <> orkes
bandwagon <> çoğun
bandwagon <> bando
bandwidth <> bant
bandwidth <> radyo
bandwidths <> bant
bandy <> atışm
bandy <> sağa
bandy <> yumru
bandylite <> Bandi
bane <> afet
bane <> felâk
bane <> yıkım
baneful <> öldür
baneful <> yıkıc
baneful <> zarar
bang <> çarpm
bang <> çat
bang <> bütün
bang <> güm
bang <> güm 
bang <> gürül
bang <> hızla
bang <> heyec
bang <> küt
bang <> küt 
bang <> patır
bang <> pat
bang <> patla
bang <> seviş
bang <> tam
bang <> tamam
bang <> uyuşt
bang <> vurma
bang <> yatma
bang <> zevk
banged <> çarpt
banger <> külüs
banger <> sosis
bangle <> bilez
bangle <> halha
bangle <> halka
bangles <> bilez
bangs <> kâkül
bania <> Bania
banian <> Benga
banian <> Hintl
banian <> flane
banias <> Bania
banish <> aklın
banish <> defet
banish <> kafas
banish <> kovma
banish <> sürgü
banish <> sürme
banished <> sürgü
banishing <> sürgü
banishment <> aforo
banishment <> atma
banishment <> kovma
banishment <> sürgü
banishment <> uzakl
banishments <> sürgü
banister <> korku
banister <> tırab
banister <> trabz
banisters <> parma
banjo <> banço
banjoist <> banço
banjos <> Banjo
bank <> önlem
bank <> banka
bank <> banko
bank <> küme
bank <> kıyı
bank <> para
bank <> paras
bank <> sahil
bank <> set
bank <> set 
bank <> silin
bank <> tuş 
bank <> uçağı
bank <> yığın
bank <> yokuş
bankable <> banka
bankable <> güven
bankable <> sağla
bankcard <> banka
bankcards <> banka
banker <> banka
banker <> banke
banker <> banko
bankers <> banka
banket <> Banke
banking <> banka
banking <> döner
banking <> işlem
banking <> viraj
banknote <> bankn
banknote <> kâğıt
banknotes <> Bankn
bankrobber <> Bankr
bankroll <> hazır
bankroll <> nakit
bankroll <> para
bankrolled <> finan
bankrupt <> çöker
bankrupt <> batır
bankrupt <> batmı
bankrupt <> iflas
bankrupt <> mahve
bankrupt <> mahvo
bankrupt <> yoksu
bankruptcies <> iflas
bankruptcy <> başar
bankruptcy <> batış
bankruptcy <> iflas
bankruptcy <> mahvo
bankruptcy <> yenil
bankrupted <> iflas
bankrupting <> iflas
banks <> banka
banksia <> Banks
bankside <> Banks
banky <> Banky
banned <> yasak
banner <> çok 
banner <> afiş
banner <> bayra
banner <> mükem
banner <> panka
banner <> sanca
banner <> sembo
bannerette <> bayra
bannerman <> Banne
banners <> afiş
banning <> yasak
bannister <> Banni
bannockburn <> Banno
banns <> evlen
banns <> nikâh
banquet <> şölen
banquet <> resmi
banquet <> yemeğ
banquet <> yemek
banquet <> ziyaf
banqueter <> ziyaf
banqueting <> ziyaf
banquets <> ziyaf
banquette <> banke
bans <> yasak
banshee <> ölüm
banshees <> Bansh
bantam <> Çin t
bantam <> ispen
bantam <> küçük
bantam <> ufak
bantamweight <> horoz
banter <> şaka
banter <> alay
banter <> takıl
banterer <> şakac
banterer <> takıl
bantering <> sohbe
banting <> özel
bantling <> ufakl
bantling <> yumur
bants <> Bants
bantu <> Bantu
banyan <> Hint
banyan <> banya
banzai <> Allah
banzai <> Japon
baobab <> baoba
baphomet <> Bapho
baptised <> vafti
baptism <> ilk 
baptism <> vafti
baptismal <> vafti
baptisms <> vafti
baptist <> bapti
baptist <> vafti
baptisteries <> vafti
baptistery <> kilis
baptistry <> kilis
baptists <> Bapti
baptize <> ilk 
baptize <> isim
baptize <> vafti
baptized <> vafti
baptizing <> vafti
bapu <> Bapu
bar <> çizgi
bar <> önünü
bar <> ışın
bar <> -den
bar <> avuka
bar <> bar
bar <> bariy
bar <> baro
bar <> demir
bar <> engel
bar <> hapse
bar <> hariç
bar <> hoşla
bar <> kalıp
bar <> katma
bar <> levre
bar <> menet
bar <> meyha
bar <> parma
bar <> sürgü
bar <> sayma
bar <> yargı
bar <> yasak
barathrum <> Barat
barb <> Mağri
barb <> diken
barb <> iğnel
barb <> kanca
barb <> kuştü
barb <> ok 
barb <> sakal
barbacan <> Barba
barbaras <> Barba
barbarian <> barba
barbarian <> kaba
barbarian <> vahşi
barbarians <> barba
barbaric <> barba
barbaric <> meden
barbaric <> vahşi
barbarically <> barba
barbarically <> vahşi
barbarism <> barba
barbarism <> dilin
barbarism <> kabal
barbarisms <> barba
barbarity <> barba
barbarity <> gadda
barbarity <> kabal
barbarity <> meden
barbarization <> Barba
barbarize <> barba
barbarize <> bozma
barbarize <> kabal
barbarize <> mahve
barbarous <> barba
barbarous <> insan
barbarous <> kaba
barbarous <> yontu
barbarously <> barba
barbarously <> insan
barbarously <> vahşi
barbarously <> zalim
barbarousness <> barba
barbary <> Barba
barbate <> Barba
barbecue <> açık
barbecue <> barbe
barbecue <> güneş
barbecue <> manga
barbecued <> manga
barbecues <> barbe
barbecuing <> manga
barbed <> alayc
barbed <> diken
barbed <> dokun
barbed <> iğnel
barbed <> kanca
barbel <> karak
barbell <> halte
barbells <> barbe
barbels <> bıyık
barbeque <> barbe
barbeques <> barbe
barber <> berbe
barber <> tıraş
barberite <> Barbe
barberry <> amber
barberry <> sarıç
barbers <> berbe
barbershop <> berbe
barbershops <> Berbe
barbes <> Barbe
barbet <> kaniş
barbican <> gözet
barbie <> Barbi
barbiero <> Barbi
barbies <> Barbi
barbing <> Barbi
barbital <> barbi
barbitone <> barbi
barbiturate <> barbi
barbiturate <> uyku
barbiturates <> barbi
barbituric <> barbi
barbotage <> yıkan
barcarole <> Vened
barcarolle <> Vened
barchan <> Barka
barcode <> Barko
barcoded <> barko
barcodes <> barko
barcoding <> barko
bard <> ozan
bard <> saz 
bardic <> şaira
bardic <> ozanl
bardolatry <> Shake
bards <> ozanl
bardy <> Bardy
bare <> çıkar
bare <> çıpla
bare <> açık
bare <> açılm
bare <> açmak
bare <> azıcı
bare <> bombo
bare <> sade
bare <> soyma
bare <> tüysü
bare <> tamta
bare <> yalın
bare <> yapra
bareback <> çıpla
bareback <> eyers
barebacked <> eyers
bareboats <> Bareb
barebones <> bareb
bared <> çıpla
barefaced <> arsız
barefaced <> utanm
barefaced <> yüzsü
barefoot <> çıpla
barefoot <> yalın
barefooted <> çıpla
barefooted <> yalın
bareges <> BAREG
barehanded <> alet
barehanded <> silâh
bareheaded <> şapka
barelegged <> çıpla
barelegged <> çorap
barelegged <> baldı
barely <> anca
barely <> ancak
barely <> hemen
barely <> kıtı
barely <> zar
barely <> zar 
bareness <> çıpla
bareness <> yoksu
barer <> Barer
baresark <> zırhs
barfly <> bar
barfly <> bar 
barfly <> barla
barfs <> Barfs
bargain <> anlaş
bargain <> değiş
bargain <> işlem
bargain <> karşı
bargain <> kelep
bargain <> pazar
bargain <> sudan
bargain <> tekli
bargain <> uyuşm
bargain <> yok 
bargained <> pazar
bargainer <> görüş
bargainer <> pazar
bargaining <> görüş
bargaining <> pazar
bargains <> pazar
barge <> çarpm
barge <> dalma
barge <> duba
barge <> mavna
barge <> salap
barge <> salta
barge <> tosla
barge <> yüzen
bargee <> mavna
bargello <> Barge
bargeman <> mavna
bargepole <> mavna
barger <> Barge
barges <> mavna
bargraph <> bargr
baria <> Baria
bariatric <> baria
baric <> baryu
barilla <> Baril
baring <> barik
barish <> Baris
barite <> barit
barites <> Barit
baritone <> barit
baritone <> erkek
barium <> baryu
bark <> çığır
bark <> öksür
bark <> ağaç
bark <> bağır
bark <> barka
bark <> gemi
bark <> havla
bark <> kabuğ
bark <> kabuk
bark <> sıyır
bark <> soyma
bark <> yelke
barkan <> Barka
barked <> havla
barkeep <> Barme
barkeeper <> barda
barkeeper <> barme
barker <> çığır
barker <> bağır
barkers <> Barke
barking <> havla
barks <> soyul
barky <> kabuğ
barky <> kabuk
barless <> demir
barley <> arpa
barleycorn <> arpa
barleys <> arpa
barm <> bira
barm <> maya
barmaid <> bar 
barmaid <> barma
barman <> bar 
barman <> barme
barmy <> çatla
barmy <> köpük
barmy <> kaçık
barmy <> kafad
barmy <> mayal
barn <> ahır
barn <> ambar
barnacle <> kaya
barnacle <> yaban
barnacle <> yapış
barnacles <> kıska
barnacles <> nalba
barnacles <> nalla
barndoor <> ambar
barned <> kepek
barneys <> Barne
barnier <> Barni
barns <> ahırl
barnstorm <> taşra
barnstormer <> seçim
barnstormer <> turne
barny <> Barny
barnyard <> çiftl
barock <> Baroc
barogram <> barog
barograph <> barog
barograph <> yazıc
barometer <> barom
barometer <> basın
barometer <> halkı
barometers <> barom
barometric <> barom
barometrical <> barom
barometrically <> barom
barometry <> barom
baron <> büyük
baron <> baron
baron <> kral
baronage <> baron
baroness <> baron
baroness <> kadın
baronet <> baron
baronetage <> baron
baronetcy <> baron
barong <> Baron
baronial <> baron
baronial <> göste
baronial <> heybe
baronne <> Baron
barons <> baron
barony <> baron
baroque <> şataf
baroque <> aşırı
baroque <> barok
baroreceptor <> baror
baroreceptors <> baror
baroreflex <> baror
baroscope <> baros
barotrauma <> barot
barouche <> fayto
barque <> barka
barque <> yelke
barrack <> bağır
barrack <> barak
barrack <> kışla
barrack <> tezah
barracks <> çirki
barracks <> kışla
barracuda <> Barra
barracudas <> barak
barrage <> baraj
barrage <> bent
barrage <> engel
barrage <> set
barrage <> yağmu
barrage <> yaylı
barrages <> örgül
barranca <> Barra
barrancas <> Barra
barranco <> Barra
barrancos <> Barra
barrat <> Barra
barrator <> barat
barratrous <> barat
barratry <> barat
barratry <> devle
barratry <> kışkı
barratry <> kasıt
barratry <> kavga
barred <> çizgi
barred <> demir
barred <> parma
barred <> yasak
barrel <> çark
barrel <> atın
barrel <> fıçı
barrel <> fıçıl
barrel <> hızlı
barrel <> kovan
barrel <> namlu
barrel <> uçmak
barrel <> varil
barreled <> fıçı
barreled <> fıçıl
barreled <> namlu
barrelet <> Barre
barrelled <> fıçı
barrelled <> fıçıl
barrelled <> namlu
barrelling <> barre
barrelmaker <> fıçıc
barrels <> varil
barren <> çorak
barren <> anlam
barren <> boş
barren <> budal
barren <> fayda
barren <> kıraç
barren <> kısır
barren <> sonuç
barren <> verim
barrenness <> çorak
barrenness <> anlam
barrenness <> kısır
barrenness <> yavan
barrens <> çorak
barrenwort <> Barre
barret <> bere
barret <> küçük
barrett <> Barre
barrette <> tokas
barrettes <> tokal
barricade <> barik
barricade <> engel
barricade <> siper
barricaded <> barik
barricades <> Barik
barrier <> çit
barrier <> Antar
barrier <> bariy
barrier <> duvar
barrier <> engel
barrier <> geçit
barrier <> korku
barrier <> set
barrier <> start
barriered <> bariy
barriers <> engel
barring <> Kısıt
barring <> başka
barring <> dışın
barring <> hariç
barring <> olmaz
barringer <> Barri
barrings <> engel
barrios <> Barri
barrister <> avuka
barrister <> dava
barristers <> vekil
barrow <> çekçe
barrow <> el
barrow <> el 
barrow <> höyük
barrow <> hadım
barrow <> tümse
barrow <> tepec
barrowman <> seyya
barrows <> El
bars <> bar
bars <> parma
bartender <> barma
bartender <> barme
bartenders <> barme
bartending <> barme
barter <> değiş
barter <> mübâd
barter <> takas
barter <> tramp
bartered <> takas
bartering <> takas
bartholomew <> Barth
bartram <> Bartr
bartter <> Bartt
barware <> Barwa
baryons <> baryo
baryte <> barit
barytes <> barit
barytocalcite <> Barit
barytone <> barit
basal <> baz 
basal <> bazal
basal <> esas
basal <> temel
basalioma <> Aynı
basaloid <> bazal
basalt <> bazal
basalt <> volka
basaltic <> bazal
basaltine <> Bazal
basaltoid <> bazal
basalts <> bazal
basanite <> bazan
bascule <> Baskü
base <> üs
base <> aşağı
base <> adi
base <> alçak
base <> alt
base <> altlı
base <> başla
base <> baz
base <> dayan
base <> depar
base <> dip
base <> esas
base <> kök
base <> kaba
base <> kaide
base <> kalp
base <> katış
base <> kurma
base <> saha
base <> sahte
base <> taban
base <> temel
base <> tesis
baseball <> beysb
baseband <> Baseb
baseboard <> süpür
baseboards <> süpür
baseborn <> alçak
baseborn <> piç
baseborn <> soysu
baseburner <> otoma
based <> bulun
based <> dayal
based <> dayan
based <> kurul
based <> merke
based <> tesis
based <> yerle
baseless <> asıls
baseless <> temel
baseless <> yersi
baselessly <> asıls
baselessness <> asıls
baseline <> bazal
baselines <> taban
baseman <> meyda
basement <> bodru
basement <> taban
basements <> bodru
baseness <> aşağı
baseness <> adili
baseness <> alçak
baseness <> rezil
baseplate <> tabla
baser <> Başer
bases <> bazla
bash <> çarpm
bash <> cümbü
bash <> darbe
bash <> denem
bash <> eğlen
bash <> geçir
bash <> indir
bash <> parti
bash <> sertç
bash <> sert
basher <> Bashe
bashful <> çekin
bashful <> sıkıl
bashful <> utang
bashfully <> çekin
bashfulness <> çekin
bashfulness <> sıkıl
bashfulness <> utang
bashing <> dayak
bashing <> kötek
bashing <> sopa
bashkiria <> Başko
basho <> Basho
basic <> ana
basic <> basit
basic <> bazal
basic <> esas
basic <> silis
basic <> temel
basically <> aslın
basically <> esası
basically <> kökün
basically <> temel
basicity <> bazlı
basics <> Temel
basics <> temel
basidiomycetes <> Basid
basidiomycota <> Basid
basidiospore <> basid
basidiospores <> basid
basil <> fesle
basil <> reyha
basilar <> bazil
basilaris <> basil
basileus <> Basil
basilian <> Basil
basilic <> bazil
basilica <> bazil
basilical <> bazil
basilicas <> bazil
basiliscus <> Basil
basilisk <> ürküt
basilisk <> şahma
basilisk <> Güney
basilisk <> basil
basilisk <> mitol
basilisks <> basil
basilosaurus <> Basil
basils <> Basil
basin <> havuz
basin <> havza
basin <> kâse
basin <> kara
basin <> koy
basin <> leğen
basin <> yalak
basinal <> havza
basinet <> miğfe
basing <> dayan
basins <> havza
basis <> üs
basis <> belke
basis <> esas
basis <> ilke
basis <> köken
basis <> kaide
basis <> kayna
basis <> prens
basis <> temel
bask <> güneş
bask <> tadın
basket <> çembe
basket <> baske
basket <> küfe
basket <> pota
basket <> sayı
basket <> sepet
basket <> zembi
basketball <> baske
basketballer <> Baske
basketballs <> baske
basketcase <> Baske
basketful <> sepet
basketry <> sepet
baskets <> sepet
basketware <> sepet
basketwork <> sepet
basking <> keyfi
basolateral <> bazol
bason <> Başol
basophil <> bazof
basophilia <> bazof
basophilic <> bazof
basophils <> bazof
basosquamous <> bazos
basque <> Bask
basque <> Bask'
basques <> Bask
bass <> ıhlam
bass <> alçak
bass <> bas
bass <> bas 
bass <> basso
bass <> hasır
bass <> kalın
bass <> levre
bass <> pes
bassa <> Bassa
bassanite <> Basan
bassas <> Bassa
basses <> bass
bassett <> Basse
bassi <> Bassi
bassinet <> beşik
bassinet <> sepet
bassist <> basçı
basso <> bas
basso <> basso
bassoon <> fagot
bassoons <> fagot
bast <> ıhlam
bast <> hasır
bastard <> adi 
bastard <> anorm
bastard <> evlil
bastard <> melez
bastard <> piç
bastard <> sahte
bastard <> soysu
bastard <> takli
bastardize <> alçal
bastardize <> dejen
bastardize <> gayri
bastardize <> lekel
bastardize <> piç 
bastardize <> yozla
bastardized <> dejen
bastardized <> lekel
bastardized <> yozla
bastardly <> Ustal
bastards <> piçle
bastardy <> piçli
baste <> azarl
baste <> dövme
baste <> dayak
baste <> haşla
baste <> payla
baste <> sopa
baste <> teyel
baste <> yağ 
baste <> yağla
bastides <> Basti
bastille <> Basti
bastinado <> falak
basting <> dövme
basting <> dayak
basting <> kötek
basting <> teyel
bastion <> burç
bastion <> iyi 
bastion <> kale
bastion <> tabya
bastioned <> BURÇL
bastions <> burç
basto <> Basto
bastos <> Basto
bat <> alem
bat <> beysb
bat <> bilar
bat <> hız
bat <> kırpm
bat <> radar
bat <> raket
bat <> sopa
bat <> vurma
bat <> vuruş
bat <> yaras
batata <> tatlı
batch <> bir 
batch <> grup
batch <> parça
batch <> yığın
batched <> Karış
batcher <> Batch
batchers <> dozat
batches <> toplu
batching <> istif
bate <> öfke
bate <> asitl
bate <> azalt
bate <> gazap
bate <> hidde
bate <> kesme
bate <> kuvve
bate <> tutma
bateau <> düzta
bateau <> kayık
bateaux <> Batea
bated <> nefes
bates <> Bates
batgirl <> Batgi
bath <> banyo
bath <> hamam
bath <> küvet
bath <> yıkam
bath <> yıkan
bathe <> çevri
bathe <> banyo
bathe <> dalma
bathe <> yüzme
bathe <> yıkam
bathe <> yıkan
bathed <> banyo
bather <> hamam
bather <> mayo
bather <> yüzme
bathers <> yıkan
bathes <> banyo
bathhouse <> hamam
bathhouse <> soyun
bathhouses <> hamam
bathing <> yüzme
bathmen <> Banyo
batho <> Batho
batholite <> batol
batholite <> volka
batholith <> batol
batholith <> volka
batholiths <> batol
bathometer <> batom
bathometer <> derin
bathometer <> iskan
bathonian <> Baton
bathorse <> yük
bathorse <> yük 
bathos <> üslub
bathos <> bayat
bathos <> gölge
bathos <> sırad
bathrobe <> borno
bathrobes <> borno
bathroom <> banyo
bathroom <> tuval
bathrooms <> banyo
baths <> ılıca
baths <> hamam
baths <> kaplı
bathtub <> küvet
bathtubs <> küvet
bathwater <> Bathw
bathyal <> Batiy
bathymetric <> batim
bathymetry <> batim
bathysphere <> batis
batik <> batik
batik <> kumaş
bating <> sama
batiste <> batis
batiste <> patis
batman <> batma
batman <> emir
batman <> yaras
batman <> yaver
batmen <> Batme
baton <> çubuk
baton <> asa
baton <> baton
baton <> cop
baton <> sopa
batons <> copla
batrachian <> kurba
bats <> yaras
batsman <> inişt
batsman <> topa
batt <> vatka
batta <> Batta
battalion <> kıta
battalion <> tabur
battalions <> tabur
battels <> okul
batten <> şişma
batten <> sırtı
batten <> sağla
batten <> semir
batten <> tıkın
batten <> tahta
batten <> takoz
batten <> tiriz
batter <> bomba
batter <> dövme
batter <> hırpa
batter <> hor 
batter <> meyil
batter <> sulu
batter <> topa
batter <> yıpra
batter <> yumru
battered <> dövül
battered <> hırpa
battered <> paral
battered <> yıpra
batteries <> Pille
battering <> dövme
battery <> akü
battery <> atıcı
battery <> batar
battery <> borda
battery <> dizi
battery <> kötü
battery <> pil
battery <> seri
battery <> takım
battery <> tavuk
battery <> vurma
battery <> vuruş
battier <> Batti
batting <> sopa
batting <> vuruş
batting <> yorga
battle <> çatış
battle <> dalaş
battle <> mücâd
battle <> savaş
battleaxe <> Battl
battlecry <> Battl
battled <> savaş
battledore <> çamaş
battledore <> tüylü
battlefield <> savaş
battlefields <> savaş
battlefront <> cephe
battleground <> savaş
battlegrounds <> savaş
battlement <> mazga
battlements <> mazga
battler <> Battl
battlers <> savaş
battles <> savaş
battleship <> savaş
battleship <> zırhl
battleships <> savaş
battlezone <> Battl
battling <> mücad
batts <> plaka
battue <> katli
battue <> sürek
battue <> sürgü
battue <> soykı
battuta <> Battu
batty <> çatla
batty <> üşütü
batty <> deli
batty <> kaçık
batwing <> Batwi
batwoman <> Batwo
batz <> BATZ
bauble <> önems
bauble <> değer
bauble <> güzel
bauble <> saray
bauds <> baud
bauers <> Bauer
bauhinia <> Bauhi
baulk <> ayak
baulk <> başar
baulk <> durak
baulk <> durdu
baulk <> engel
baulk <> hata
baulk <> inat
baulk <> inatl
baulk <> kaçın
baulk <> ket
baulk <> kiriş
baulk <> sürül
baur <> Baur
bauxite <> boksi
bauxites <> boksi
bawd <> genel
bawd <> pezev
bawdry <> açık
bawdry <> iffet
bawdry <> namus
bawdry <> pezev
bawdy <> açık
bawdy <> müste
bawdyhouse <> genel
bawdyhouse <> rande
bawl <> avazı
bawl <> bağır
bawl <> bas 
bawl <> haykı
bawling <> haykı
bawn <> Bawn
baxter <> Baxte
baxters <> Baxte
bay <> bölme
bay <> defne
bay <> dikme
bay <> doru
bay <> havla
bay <> körfe
bay <> kızıl
bay <> koy
bay <> peron
bay <> revir
bay <> uluma
bayamo <> Bayam
bayard <> BAYAR
bayas <> Bayas
bayberry <> Baybu
baye <> Baye
baying <> uluma
bayle <> Bayle
bayleyite <> Bayle
bayman <> Bayma
bayonet <> bayon
bayonet <> kasat
bayonet <> süngü
bayoneted <> süngü
bayonets <> süngü
bayou <> batak
bays <> ün
bays <> şöhre
bays <> defne
bays <> koyla
bazaar <> çarşı
bazaar <> pazar
bazaars <> çarşı
bazooka <> bazuk
bazooka <> roket
bdellium <> reçin
be <> anlam
be <> bulun
be <> durma
be <> mal 
be <> olmak
be <> tutma
be <> var 
beach <> karay
beach <> kumsa
beach <> plaj
beach <> sahil
beachball <> Beach
beachcomber <> kıyıy
beachcomber <> lodos
beachcomber <> okyan
beachcomber <> sahil
beachcombers <> Beach
beached <> karay
beaches <> plajl
beachfront <> sahil
beachhead <> emniy
beachhead <> güven
beachhead <> köprü
beachhead <> kıyıd
beachside <> sahil
beachwear <> Beach
beachy <> Beach
beacon <> fener
beacon <> işare
beacon <> radyo
beacon <> trafi
beacon <> uyarı
beacon <> yol 
beaconing <> işare
beacons <> işare
bead <> arpac
bead <> boncu
bead <> damla
bead <> hava
bead <> tane
beaded <> ökçel
beaded <> boncu
beaders <> Boncu
beading <> ökçe
beading <> boncu
beadle <> kilis
beadle <> mübaş
beadle <> tören
beadledom <> işgüz
beadles <> Çıtak
beadroll <> dua 
beadroll <> katal
beadroll <> liste
beads <> boncu
beads <> tespi
beadsman <> duacı
beadsman <> duaha
beadwork <> boncu
beadworks <> boncu
beady <> boncu
beady <> köpük
beady <> kabar
beagle <> av 
beagle <> casus
beagle <> tazı
beagles <> Beagl
beak <> öğret
beak <> ağız
beak <> burun
beak <> gaga
beak <> hakim
beak <> ibrik
beak <> okul
beak <> yargı
beaked <> gagal
beaked <> sivri
beaker <> beher
beaker <> deney
beaker <> geniş
beaker <> labar
beakers <> barda
beakless <> gagas
beaklike <> gaga
beaklike <> gagay
beaks <> gagal
beal <> Beal
beale <> Beale
beals <> Beals
beam <> çulha
beam <> ışık
beam <> ışıma
beam <> ışın
beam <> direk
beam <> gözle
beam <> huzme
beam <> kalça
beam <> kemer
beam <> kiriş
beam <> parla
beam <> radyo
beam <> saban
beam <> sinyâ
beam <> tatlı
beam <> teraz
beam <> yayın
beamed <> kiriş
beamers <> proje
beaming <> ışık
beamish <> Beami
beams <> kiriş
beamwidth <> ışın
beamy <> ışıld
beamy <> orta
bean <> adam
bean <> akıl
bean <> dost
bean <> fasul
bean <> kafa
bean <> kelle
bean <> metel
bean <> saksı
bean <> tane
beaner <> Beane
beanfeast <> şölen
beanfeast <> işyer
beanfeast <> ziyaf
beanie <> bere
beanies <> kaske
beano <> şölen
beano <> eğlen
beano <> ziyaf
beans <> fasul
beanstalk <> fasul
beany <> canlı
beany <> enerj
beany <> kıpır
beany <> yerin
bear <> çekme
bear <> üstle
bear <> ayı
bear <> borsa
bear <> dönme
bear <> değme
bear <> dişin
bear <> doğur
bear <> duyma
bear <> götür
bear <> gütme
bear <> getir
bear <> hazme
bear <> kaba
bear <> katla
bear <> sapma
bear <> siney
bear <> spekü
bear <> taşım
bear <> verme
bear <> yönel
bearable <> çekil
bearable <> dayan
bearable <> katla
bearcats <> Bearc
beard <> çapak
beard <> başak
beard <> karşı
beard <> meyda
beard <> püskü
beard <> sakal
bearded <> çapak
bearded <> püskü
bearded <> sakal
beardfish <> Beard
beardless <> köse
beardless <> püskü
beardless <> sakal
beardless <> tüysü
beardless <> toy
beards <> sakal
beared <> uğrad
bearer <> götür
bearer <> getir
bearer <> hamil
bearer <> taşıy
bearer <> tabut
bearers <> Taşıy
bearing <> çekme
bearing <> üstle
bearing <> alâka
bearing <> davra
bearing <> etki
bearing <> harek
bearing <> içere
bearing <> ilgi
bearing <> katla
bearing <> meyve
bearing <> mil 
bearing <> taşıy
bearings <> kerte
bearings <> mil 
bearings <> yön
bearings <> yön 
bearings <> yatak
bearish <> ayı 
bearish <> düşme
bearish <> kaba
bearish <> piyas
bearish <> yontu
bearn <> SALIE
bears <> ayıla
bearskin <> ayı
bearskin <> ayı 
bearskin <> kürk
bearskins <> ayı
beast <> çirki
beast <> canav
beast <> hayva
beast <> sevim
beastie <> Beast
beastliness <> hayva
beastly <> çirki
beastly <> aşırı
beastly <> berba
beastly <> hayva
beastly <> müthi
beastly <> sevim
beasts <> hayva
beasty <> vahşi
beat <> çırpm
beat <> çalma
beat <> çarpm
beat <> çok 
beat <> üstün
beat <> açmak
beat <> alt 
beat <> asi
beat <> atış
beat <> atmak
beat <> bitki
beat <> dövme
beat <> darbe
beat <> dayak
beat <> devri
beat <> geçme
beat <> haber
beat <> patak
beat <> ritim
beat <> ritm
beat <> sürgü
beat <> serse
beat <> tempo
beat <> titre
beat <> turşu
beat <> volta
beat <> vurma
beat <> vuruş
beat <> yenme
beat <> yuvas
beatable <> dövül
beaten <> çekiç
beaten <> çiğne
beaten <> aşınm
beaten <> dövül
beaten <> dövme
beater <> çırpı
beater <> çırpa
beater <> döven
beaters <> çırpı
beatific <> şad 
beatific <> kutsa
beatific <> mutlu
beatification <> aziz
beatification <> papan
beatify <> çok
beatify <> çok 
beatify <> şad 
beatify <> aziz
beating <> bozgu
beating <> dövme
beating <> dayak
beating <> kötek
beating <> patak
beating <> sopa
beating <> vuruş
beating <> yenil
beatings <> dayak
beatitude <> kutlu
beatitude <> salt
beatitude <> sonsu
beatitudes <> Beati
beatnik <> asi
beatnik <> asi 
beatnik <> beat
beatniks <> beatn
beau <> şık 
beau <> aşık
beau <> sevgi
beau <> züppe
beaut <> az 
beaut <> nadid
beauteous <> güzel
beautician <> güzel
beauticians <> estet
beauties <> güzel
beautification <> güzel
beautified <> güzel
beautifier <> Beaut
beautifies <> güzel
beautiful <> biçim
beautiful <> güzel
beautiful <> harik
beautiful <> hoş
beautiful <> nefis
beautiful <> tatlı
beautifully <> güzel
beautifully <> hoşça
beautify <> güzel
beautify <> süsle
beautifying <> güzel
beauty <> güzel
beauty <> nadid
beaver <> fırça
beaver <> kasto
beaver <> kundu
beaver <> miğfe
beaver <> sakal
beaver <> yünlü
beaverite <> Beave
beavers <> kundu
bebop <> caz
bebop <> caz 
becalm <> sakin
becalm <> yatış
became <> oldu
because <> çünkü
because <> -diği
because <> dolay
because <> yüzün
bechamel <> Beşam
beck <> çay
beck <> ırmak
beck <> baş 
beck <> dere
becken <> Becke
beckers <> Becke
becket <> Becke
beckon <> baş 
beckon <> işare
beckoned <> çağır
beckoning <> çağır
beckons <> çağır
beclomethasone <> beklo
becloud <> bulut
becloud <> içind
becloud <> karar
becloud <> zorla
become <> -laşm
become <> -leşm
become <> güzel
become <> halin
become <> kesil
become <> olmak
become <> uymak
become <> yakış
become <> yaraş
becomes <> olur
becometh <> oluyo
becoming <> güzel
becoming <> olma
becoming <> uygun
becoming <> yakış
becoming <> yerin
bed <> çiçek
bed <> dikme
bed <> kalma
bed <> katma
bed <> mezar
bed <> nehir
bed <> tabak
bed <> tarh
bed <> temel
bed <> yatır
bed <> yatac
bed <> yatak
bed <> yerle
bed <> zemin
bedabble <> bulaş
bedad <> valla
bedaub <> bulaş
bedaub <> karal
bedaub <> kirle
bedaub <> lekel
bedaub <> sürme
bedazzle <> büyül
bedazzle <> göz 
bedazzled <> Bedaz
bedbug <> tahta
bedbugs <> tahta
bedchamber <> yatak
bedclothes <> yatak
bedcovers <> yatak
bedded <> tabak
bedded <> yatal
bedding <> hayva
bedding <> yatak
beddy <> uyku
bedeck <> bezem
bedeck <> donat
bedeck <> süsle
bedel <> tören
bedell <> tören
beden <> Beden
bedevil <> çiled
bedevil <> şaşır
bedevil <> altüs
bedevil <> bozma
bedevil <> delir
bedevil <> kafas
bedevilled <> bedev
bedevilling <> bedev
bedew <> çiy
bedew <> çiy 
bedfast <> yatal
bedfellow <> arkad
bedfellow <> dost
bedfellow <> karı
bedfellow <> yatak
bedgown <> gecel
bedhead <> Bedhe
bedight <> bezem
bedight <> donat
bedight <> süsle
bedim <> belir
bedim <> donuk
bedim <> karar
beding <> Büküm
bedizen <> allay
bedizen <> süsle
bedlam <> kızıl
bedlam <> karış
bedlam <> tımar
bedlamite <> akıl
bedlamite <> deli
bedlight <> BEDli
bedlinens <> Bedli
bedouin <> Bedev
bedouins <> Bedev
bedpan <> sürgü
bedpan <> yatak
bedpans <> lazım
bedplate <> taban
bedplate <> tespi
bedpost <> karyo
bedrabble <> çamur
bedrabble <> ıslat
bedraggle <> çamur
bedraggle <> ıslat
bedraggled <> çamur
bedraggled <> bakım
bedraggled <> dağın
bedraggled <> kirli
bedrest <> yatak
bedridden <> yatağ
bedridden <> yatal
bedrock <> esasl
bedrock <> işin
bedrock <> köken
bedrock <> sarsı
bedrock <> son
bedrock <> taban
bedrock <> temel
bedroll <> sırt
bedroom <> yatak
bedroomed <> yatak
bedrooms <> yatak
beds <> yatak
bedsheet <> çarşa
bedsheets <> çarşa
bedside <> başuc
bedside <> yatak
bedsore <> yatak
bedspread <> yatak
bedspreads <> yatak
bedstands <> komod
bedstead <> karyo
bedsteads <> Karyo
bedstraw <> şilte
bedstraw <> yoğur
bedtick <> minde
bedtick <> yastı
bedtime <> Yatma
bedtime <> yatak
bedtime <> yatma
bedwetters <> Bedwe
bee <> arı
bee <> arı 
bee <> b 
bee <> gün
bee <> sabit
bee <> takın
bee <> topla
bee <> yardı
beech <> akgür
beech <> kayın
beechen <> akgür
beechen <> kayın
beecher <> Beech
beeches <> kayın
beechwood <> Beech
beef <> şıkây
beef <> şikây
beef <> adale
beef <> et
beef <> kas 
beef <> kuvve
beef <> sığır
beef <> sızla
beef <> yakın
beefcake <> kaslı
beefeater <> Londr
beefeaters <> Beefe
beefing <> takvi
beefsteak <> bifte
beefsteaks <> bifte
beefy <> adele
beefy <> etli
beefy <> iri 
beefy <> kaslı
beehive <> arı
beehive <> arı 
beehive <> kovan
beehives <> arı
beekeeper <> arıcı
beekeepers <> arıcı
beekeeping <> arıcı
beeline <> kesti
beelzebub <> İblis
beelzebub <> şeyta
beem <> Beem
beeman <> Beema
beemer <> Beeme
been <> oldu
beep <> bip
beep <> bip 
beep <> düdük
beep <> düt
beep <> korna
beep <> uyarı
beeper <> çağrı
beepers <> çağrı
beeping <> bip
beeps <> bip
beer <> bira
beerhalls <> birah
beerhouse <> birah
beers <> bira
beery <> bira
beery <> sarho
bees <> arıla
beestings <> ağız
beestings <> ineği
beeswax <> balmu
beet <> panca
beetle <> çıkın
beetle <> çakma
beetle <> çomak
beetle <> şahme
beetle <> böcek
beetle <> kakma
beetle <> sarkı
beetle <> sarka
beetle <> sarkm
beetle <> taşan
beetle <> tokaç
beetle <> tokma
beetles <> böcek
beetroot <> panca
beetroots <> panca
beets <> panca
beeves <> adale
beeves <> etler
beeves <> güçle
beeves <> kasla
beeves <> sığır
befall <> başın
befall <> olmak
befallen <> Başım
befalls <> dokun
befell <> yaşam
befit <> uygun
befit <> yakış
befit <> yaraş
befitted <> yakış
befitting <> uygun
befitting <> yakış
befitting <> yerin
befog <> şaşır
befog <> kafas
befog <> karar
befog <> sis 
befool <> aptal
befool <> işlet
befool <> kandı
before <> önünd
before <> önüne
before <> önce
before <> öncek
before <> önde
before <> önden
before <> -den
before <> -mek
before <> -mekt
before <> evvel
before <> huzur
before <> ileri
before <> karşı
before <> zira
beforehand <> önced
beforehand <> peşin
beforetime <> önced
beforetime <> erken
beforetime <> eskid
befoul <> kirle
befoul <> lekel
befoul <> pisle
befriend <> dostç
befriend <> elind
befriend <> yardı
befriended <> arkad
befriending <> arkad
befuddle <> şaşır
befuddle <> aklın
befuddle <> sarho
beg <> arka
beg <> dilem
beg <> dilen
beg <> itira
beg <> kaçın
beg <> rica
beg <> sakın
beg <> susta
beg <> yalva
bega <> Bega
begad <> valla
began <> başla
begat <> doğum
beget <> babas
beget <> neden
beget <> yarat
beget <> yol 
begetter <> baba
begetter <> sebep
beggar <> dilen
beggar <> fakir
beggar <> gerek
beggar <> köfte
beggar <> kerat
beggarly <> çok 
beggarly <> muhta
beggarly <> sadak
beggarly <> sefil
beggars <> dilen
beggary <> dilen
beggary <> fakir
beggary <> sefal
begged <> yalva
begging <> dilen
begging <> yalva
begin <> önaya
begin <> başla
begin <> doğma
begin <> giriş
begin <> koyul
begin <> meyda
begining <> baş
begining <> başla
begining <> ilk
begining <> köken
begining <> kayna
beginner <> acemi
beginner <> yeni
beginners <> Yeni
beginning <> baş
beginning <> başla
beginning <> ilk
beginning <> köken
beginning <> kayna
beginningless <> başla
beginnings <> bağ
beginnings <> baş
beginnings <> başla
beginnings <> esas
begins <> başlı
begird <> çevre
begird <> etraf
begird <> kuşat
begird <> sarma
bego <> BEGO
begone <> defol
begone <> yıkıl
begone <> yayla
begonia <> begon
begonias <> begon
begrime <> kirle
begrime <> pisle
begrudge <> çekem
begrudge <> kıska
begs <> yalva
beguile <> aklın
beguile <> ayart
beguile <> büyül
beguile <> cezbe
beguile <> eğlen
beguile <> hoşça
beguile <> kandı
beguile <> nasıl
beguiled <> kandı
beguiling <> aldat
beguiling <> ayart
beguiling <> kandı
beguin <> bégui
begum <> begüm
begun <> başla
behalf <> adına
behave <> çalış
behave <> davra
behave <> görgü
behave <> harek
behave <> terbi
behaved <> davra
behaves <> davra
behaving <> davra
behavior <> davra
behavior <> harek
behavior <> tavır
behavior <> tutum
behavioral <> davra
behaviorally <> davra
behaviorism <> davra
behaviorist <> Davra
behavioristic <> davra
behaviorists <> Davra
behaviors <> davra
behaviour <> davra
behaviour <> harek
behaviour <> tavır
behaviour <> tutum
behavioural <> davra
behaviourally <> davra
behaviourism <> davra
behaviourist <> davra
behaviours <> davra
behead <> boynu
behead <> kafas
behead <> kelle
beheaded <> idam
beheading <> kafa
beheadings <> kafa
behemoth <> behem
behemoth <> dev
behemoth <> dev 
behest <> buyru
behest <> emir
behind <> ardın
behind <> arkad
behind <> arkas
behind <> arkay
behind <> geç
behind <> geri
behind <> gerid
behind <> geris
behind <> geriy
behind <> gizle
behind <> kıç
behind <> peş
behind <> peşin
behind <> popo
behind <> saklı
behindhand <> arkad
behindhand <> geç 
behindhand <> gecik
behindhand <> geri
behindhand <> yetiş
behindhand <> zaman
behinds <> Perde
behn <> Behn
behold <> bak
behold <> bakma
behold <> dikka
behold <> görme
behold <> işte
behold <> seyre
beholden <> borçl
beholden <> minne
beholder <> bakan
beholder <> seyir
beholder <> seyre
behoof <> yarar
behoove <> düşme
behoove <> yakış
behoove <> yaraş
behove <> düşme
behove <> yakış
behoves <> behoo
beige <> bej
being <> olma
being <> varlı
being <> varol
being <> yapı
being <> yarad
beings <> varlı
bejewel <> mücev
bejeweled <> Bejew
bejewelled <> Bejew
bekah <> Bekah
belabor <> çok 
belabor <> benze
belabor <> dövme
belabor <> lafı
belabor <> patak
belabor <> uzatm
belabour <> çok 
belabour <> benze
belabour <> dövme
belabour <> lafı
belabour <> patak
belabour <> uzatm
belait <> Belai
belated <> geç 
belated <> geçmi
belated <> gecik
belated <> karan
belatedly <> gecik
belaud <> övmek
belaud <> yücel
belay <> bağla
belay <> emniy
belay <> suga
belay <> volta
belch <> çıkar
belch <> fışkı
belch <> geğir
belch <> püskü
belched <> geğir
belcher <> Belch
belching <> püskü
beldam <> şirre
beldam <> acuze
beldam <> kocak
beldame <> şirre
beldame <> acuze
beldame <> kocak
beleaguer <> üstün
beleaguer <> etraf
beleaguer <> kuşat
beleaguer <> rahat
beleaguered <> kuşat
belemnite <> Belem
belemnites <> Belem
belfry <> çan
belfry <> çan 
belga <> Belga
belgard <> Belga
belial <> İblis
belial <> şeyta
belials <> Belia
belie <> çeliş
belie <> ters
belie <> yalan
belie <> yanıl
belied <> yalan
belief <> düşün
belief <> fikir
belief <> güven
belief <> iman
belief <> inanç
belief <> inanı
belief <> inanm
belief <> itika
belief <> itima
belief <> kanı
beliefs <> inanç
belies <> gizle
believable <> inanı
believe <> güven
believe <> inanc
believe <> inanm
believed <> inanı
believer <> iman
believer <> inanç
believer <> inana
believers <> mümin
believes <> inanı
believest <> inanı
believeth <> iman
believing <> iman
believing <> inanç
believing <> inana
believing <> kanma
belittle <> aşağı
belittle <> alçal
belittle <> küçük
belittle <> küçül
belittle <> küçüm
belittlement <> küçüm
belittling <> küçüm
belk <> Belk
bell <> çıngı
bell <> çan
bell <> böğür
bell <> bağır
bell <> dalgı
bell <> korol
bell <> sütun
bell <> taçya
bell <> zil
belladonna <> bella
belladonna <> güzel
belladonnas <> Bella
bellatrix <> Bella
bellboy <> belbo
bellboy <> valiz
belle <> dilbe
belle <> güzel
belled <> Ucu
belleek <> Belle
bellerophon <> Belle
bellflower <> çançi
bellhop <> belbo
bellhop <> valiz
bellhouse <> Bellh
bellic <> Belli
bellicose <> kavga
bellicose <> mücâd
bellicose <> savaş
bellicosity <> kavga
bellicosity <> mücâd
bellicosity <> münak
bellicosity <> savaş
bellied <> göbek
bellied <> karın
bellies <> karın
belligerence <> kavga
belligerence <> münak
belligerence <> savaş
belligerency <> kavga
belligerency <> münak
belligerency <> savaş
belligerent <> dövüş
belligerent <> kavga
belligerent <> münak
belligerent <> savaş
belligerents <> muhar
belling <> Belli
bellman <> tella
bellon <> Bello
bellona <> Bello
bellow <> böğür
bellow <> bağır
bellow <> ferya
bellowed <> böğür
bellows <> üfleç
bellows <> akciğ
bellows <> körük
bells <> çınla
bells <> çan 
bells <> çanla
belltower <> Bellt
bellwether <> çıngı
bellwether <> çete
bellwether <> önder
bellwether <> kösem
belly <> şişme
belly <> şikây
belly <> göbek
belly <> iştah
belly <> karın
belly <> mide
belly <> sızla
belly <> telli
belly <> yakın
bellyache <> karın
bellydancer <> Belly
bellydancing <> göbek
bellyful <> bıkkı
bellyfull <> Belly
belong <> üyesi
belong <> -nin
belong <> ait
belong <> ilgil
belong <> uygun
belong <> yarar
belong <> yeri
belonged <> aitti
belongeth <> aitti
belonging <> ait
belongingness <> aidiy
belongings <> özel
belongings <> eşya
belongings <> kişis
belongings <> pılı
belongs <> ait
beloved <> can
beloved <> sevgi
beloved <> sevil
beloveds <> sevgi
beloveth <> Belov
below <> aşağı
below <> altın
below <> alt 
below <> altta
below <> cehen
below <> düşük
below <> yeryü
bels <> desib
belshazzar <> Belsh
belt <> bölge
belt <> hızlı
belt <> iklim
belt <> kayış
belt <> kemer
belt <> kuşak
belt <> kuşan
belt <> uçmak
belted <> kemer
belted <> kuşak
belter <> Belte
belting <> Belti
belts <> kemer
beltway <> çevre
beluga <> morin
belugas <> Belug
belvedere <> taraç
bemean <> adile
bemean <> alçal
bemean <> değer
bemire <> çamur
bemire <> kirle
bemire <> pisle
bemoan <> şikây
bemoan <> sızla
bemoan <> yakın
bemoaned <> şikay
bemuse <> şaşır
bemuse <> kafas
bemuse <> serse
bemused <> şaşkı
bemused <> kafas
bemused <> serse
ben <> ben
ben <> iç 
bench <> bank
bench <> baro
bench <> hakim
bench <> kürsü
bench <> sıra
bench <> tezgâ
bench <> yargı
bencher <> avam
bencher <> baro
bencher <> kıdem
benches <> tezga
benchmarked <> Bench
benchmarking <> kıyas
benchmarks <> krite
benchwarmers <> Bench
bend <> çökme
bend <> bükül
bend <> bükme
bend <> bağla
bend <> boyun
bend <> dönem
bend <> dirse
bend <> eğilm
bend <> eğmek
bend <> esnet
bend <> işi 
bend <> kıvır
bend <> kıvrı
bend <> katla
bend <> oynam
bend <> viraj
bend <> yönel
bendable <> bükül
bended <> bükül
bended <> kıvrı
bender <> alem
bender <> cümbü
benders <> bükme
bending <> bükme
bending <> eğilm
bending <> eğme
bending <> esnem
bending <> kıvır
bendings <> büküm
bends <> viraj
beneath <> altın
beneath <> altta
benedict <> Bened
benediction <> kutsa
benediction <> takdi
benedicts <> Bened
benefaction <> bağış
benefaction <> hayır
benefaction <> nimet
benefactions <> nimet
benefactor <> bağış
benefactor <> hayır
benefactor <> iyili
benefactor <> velin
benefactors <> hamil
benefactress <> hayır
benefic <> benef
benefice <> arpal
benefice <> maaşl
benefice <> tımar
beneficed <> maaşl
beneficence <> hayır
beneficence <> ihsan
beneficence <> iyili
beneficent <> hayır
beneficent <> iyili
beneficial <> fayda
beneficial <> hayır
beneficial <> kârlı
beneficial <> kazan
beneficial <> mülkt
beneficial <> yarar
beneficially <> fayda
beneficiaries <> yarar
beneficiary <> Yarar
beneficiary <> hak 
beneficiary <> lehta
beneficiary <> yarar
beneficiation <> zengi
beneficient <> Fayda
benefit <> çıkar
benefit <> avant
benefit <> ayrıc
benefit <> fayda
benefit <> hak
benefit <> kâr
benefit <> kazan
benefit <> menfa
benefit <> yaram
benefit <> yarar
benefit <> yardı
benefited <> yarar
benefiting <> yarar
benefits <> fayda
benefitting <> yarar
benes <> Benes
benet <> Benet
benevolence <> hayır
benevolence <> yardı
benevolent <> hayır
benevolent <> iyili
benevolent <> müşfi
benevolent <> yardı
bengal <> Benga
bengaline <> benga
bengals <> Benga
benghazi <> Binga
benighted <> bilgi
benighted <> cahil
benighted <> kara
benighted <> karan
benightedness <> sözle
benign <> iyi
benign <> iyi 
benign <> iyici
benign <> sevec
benign <> tehli
benign <> yarar
benignancy <> benig
benignant <> fayda
benignant <> iyi 
benignant <> iyici
benignant <> merha
benignant <> sevec
benignant <> tehli
benignant <> yarar
benignant <> yumuş
benignity <> iyi 
benignity <> merha
benignity <> sevec
benim <> Benim
benin <> Benin
benison <> hayır
benison <> kutsa
benitoite <> Benit
benjamin <> şımar
benjamin <> evin
benjamins <> Benja
benjamite <> Benja
bennet <> Benne
benni <> Benni
bennis <> Benni
bens <> Bens
benserazide <> bense
bent <> çimen
bent <> aklın
bent <> bükül
bent <> eğili
bent <> eğri
bent <> istek
bent <> kır
bent <> kıvrı
bent <> karar
bent <> katla
bent <> yatkı
bent <> yeten
benthic <> benti
benthonic <> bento
benthopelagic <> bento
benthos <> bento
bento <> Bento
bentonite <> bento
bentonites <> bento
bentonitic <> bento
bentwood <> bükme
benumb <> hissi
benumb <> uyuşt
benumbed <> hissi
benumbed <> uyuşm
benumbed <> uyuşu
benzaldehyde <> benza
benzalkonium <> benza
benzamides <> benza
benzathine <> benza
benzene <> benze
benzenes <> benze
benzethonium <> benze
benzidine <> benzi
benzilic <> benzi
benzimidazole <> benzi
benzimidazoles <> benzi
benzine <> benzi
benzoate <> benzo
benzoates <> benzo
benzocaine <> benzo
benzodiazepine <> benzo
benzodiazepines <> benzo
benzoic <> aselb
benzoic <> benzo
benzol <> benzo
benzole <> benzo
benzoline <> benzi
benzophenone <> benzo
benzopyran <> benzo
benzopyrene <> benzo
benzothiazole <> benzo
benzothiophene <> benzo
benzotriazole <> Benzo
benzoyl <> benzo
benzoylcholine <> Benzo
benzoylecgonine <> benzo
benzydamine <> benzi
benzyl <> benzi
benzylic <> Benzi
benzylidene <> benzi
benzylpenicillin <> benzi
benzylpiperazine <> benzi
bepuzzled <> şaşkı
bequeath <> miras
bequeath <> vasiy
bequeathed <> miras
bequeathing <> miras
bequest <> kalıt
bequest <> miras
bequests <> vasiy
berate <> azarl
berate <> fırça
berate <> haşla
berated <> azarl
berating <> öfkey
beraunite <> Beron
beray <> Beray
berbera <> Berbe
berberis <> amber
berberis <> sarıç
berberry <> amber
berberry <> sarıç
berceuse <> berkö
bereave <> elind
bereave <> sevdi
bereave <> yoksu
bereaved <> sevdi
bereaved <> yakın
bereavement <> kayıp
bereavement <> yakın
bereaves <> yoksu
bered <> kesim
bereft <> kaybe
bereft <> yoksu
berend <> Beren
beres <> Beres
beret <> bere
berets <> sweat
berg <> buzda
bergama <> Berga
bergamot <> berga
bergere <> berje
bergeres <> BERGE
bergh <> Bergh
bergs <> Bergs
beribboned <> kurde
beriberi <> berib
bering <> Berin
berkelium <> berke
berks <> Berks
berlin <> Berli
berlins <> Berli
berm <> Seti
bermudas <> Bermu
bermudas <> uzun
bernasconi <> Berna
bernstein <> Berns
beroe <> Beroe
berret <> Berre
berries <> çilek
berry <> dut
berry <> dut 
berry <> istak
berry <> meyve
berseem <> İsken
berserk <> çılgı
berserker <> vahşi
berserkers <> Berse
berth <> açıkl
berth <> kuşet
berth <> manev
berth <> palam
berth <> rıhtı
berth <> ranza
berth <> yatac
berth <> yatak
berthe <> Berth
berthed <> Yanaş
berthierite <> Berti
berthing <> yanaş
berths <> iskel
bertin <> Berti
bertram <> Bertr
bertrams <> Bertr
bertrandite <> Bertr
beryl <> beril
beryllium <> beril
beryllonite <> Beril
berzelianite <> Berze
besant <> Besan
beseech <> dilem
beseech <> rica
beseech <> yalva
beseeching <> rica
beseeching <> yalva
beseechingly <> rica
beseechingly <> yalva
beseem <> uygun
beseem <> yakış
beset <> kuşat
beset <> rahat
beset <> sarma
besetting <> rahat
besetting <> sürek
besetting <> tehdi
besetting <> yakas
beside <> başka
beside <> dışın
beside <> kıyas
beside <> nazar
beside <> nispe
beside <> yanın
besides <> üstel
besides <> ayrıc
besides <> başka
besides <> bir 
besides <> bunda
besides <> dışın
besides <> hem 
besides <> zaten
besiege <> kuşat
besiege <> sıkış
besiege <> yağmu
besieged <> kuşat
besieging <> kuşat
beslaver <> öve 
beslaver <> gökle
beslaver <> yağ 
beslaver <> yalta
beslobber <> salya
beslobber <> yağ 
beslobber <> yalak
besmear <> bulaş
besmear <> karal
besmear <> kirle
besmear <> pisle
besmirch <> karal
besmirch <> kirle
besmirch <> lekel
besmirch <> pisle
besom <> çalı
besotted <> aşık
besotted <> abayı
besotted <> karas
besotted <> sarho
besotted <> serse
besought <> yalva
bespatter <> çamur
bespatter <> iftir
bespatter <> leke
bespeak <> ısmar
bespeak <> ayırt
bespeak <> hitap
bespeak <> istem
bespeak <> konuş
bespeak <> rica
bespeak <> sipar
bespeak <> tutma
bespectacled <> gözlü
bespin <> Bespi
bespoke <> ısmar
bespoke <> sipar
besprinkle <> saçma
besprinkle <> serpm
best <> En
best <> alt 
best <> birin
best <> en
best <> en 
best <> geçme
best <> yenme
bestar <> Besta
bestial <> barba
bestial <> hayva
bestial <> yaban
bestiality <> canav
bestiality <> hayva
bestiality <> vahşi
bestow <> bağış
bestow <> hediy
bestow <> verme
bestow <> yerin
bestowal <> armağ
bestowal <> bağış
bestowal <> yerin
bestowed <> ihsan
bestower <> bahşe
bestowing <> ihsan
bestows <> ihsan
bestrew <> dağıt
bestrew <> kapla
bestrew <> saçma
bestrew <> yayar
bestride <> üzeri
bestride <> aşmak
bestride <> ata 
bestride <> bacak
bestride <> hükme
bestride <> idare
bestsellers <> bests
bestselling <> çok
besylate <> besil
bet <> bahis
bet <> bahse
bet <> iddia
bet <> para
beta <> beta
beta <> ikinc
betablockers <> beta
betadine <> betad
betaine <> betai
betaken <> alına
betamethasone <> betam
betas <> betal
betaxolol <> betak
betel <> betel
betel <> tembu
betes <> Diabe
bethanechol <> betan
bethel <> gemic
bethel <> kutsa
bethesda <> Bethe
bethink <> hatır
bethlehem <> Bethl
betimes <> çok
betimes <> çok 
betimes <> erken
betise <> Betis
betoken <> belir
betoken <> göste
betoken <> işare
betray <> açığa
betray <> ağzın
betray <> ele 
betray <> hıyan
betray <> hainl
betray <> ihane
betray <> kötüy
betrayal <> ele 
betrayal <> hıyan
betrayal <> hainl
betrayal <> ihane
betrayals <> ihane
betrayed <> ihane
betrayer <> hain
betrayers <> ihane
betraying <> ihane
betrays <> ihane
betroth <> nişan
betrothal <> nişan
betrothed <> nişan
bets <> bahis
better <> üstün
better <> düzel
better <> daha
better <> geçme
better <> geliş
better <> iyile
better <> iyisi
bettered <> iyile
betterment <> şeref
betterment <> düzel
betterment <> iyile
betting <> bahis
betting <> bahse
bettor <> bahis
betula <> Betul
betulaceae <> Betul
between <> arada
between <> arala
between <> arası
between <> araya
between <> ortad
between <> ortas
between <> ortay
betweens <> Betwe
betweentimes <> ara 
betweentimes <> arada
betweentimes <> bazen
betweentimes <> zaman
betweenwhiles <> ara 
betweenwhiles <> arada
betweenwhiles <> bazen
betweenwhiles <> zaman
betwixt <> arada
betwixt <> arası
betwixt <> ortad
betz <> Betz
beudantite <> Bödan
bevel <> şevli
bevel <> açı
bevel <> eğik
bevel <> eğim
bevel <> eğiml
bevel <> iletk
bevel <> konik
beveled <> Eğiml
bevelled <> şevli
bevelling <> pah
bever <> Bever
beverage <> içece
beverage <> meşru
beverages <> içkil
bevers <> Bever
bevy <> kız 
bevy <> kızla
bevy <> kuş
bevy <> kuş 
bewail <> ağlam
bewail <> hayıf
bewailing <> ağlıy
beware <> çekin
beware <> dikka
beware <> kaçın
beware <> sakın
bewilder <> şaşır
bewilder <> hayre
bewilder <> serse
bewildered <> şaşır
bewildered <> şaşkı
bewildered <> serse
bewilderedly <> şaşkı
bewildering <> şaşır
bewildering <> hayre
bewildering <> serse
bewilderment <> şaşkı
bewilderment <> hayre
bewilders <> şaşır
bewitch <> afsun
bewitch <> büyü
bewitch <> büyül
bewitched <> afsun
bewitched <> büyül
bewitcher <> büyül
bewitches <> büyül
bewitching <> çekic
bewitching <> büyül
bewitchment <> büyül
bey <> bey
beylic <> Beyli
beyliks <> beyli
beyond <> öbür
beyond <> öte
beyond <> ötede
beyond <> ötesi
beyond <> öteye
beyond <> -den
beyond <> aşırı
beyond <> ahire
beyond <> ayrıc
beyond <> götür
beyond <> haric
beys <> Beyle
bezels <> çerçe
bezique <> bezik
bezoars <> bezoa
bhakta <> Bhakt
bhel <> Bhel
bialy <> Bialy
bianchite <> Biyan
biannual <> yılda
biannually <> Yılda
bias <> çapra
bias <> önyar
bias <> aklın
bias <> aleyh
bias <> eğili
bias <> etki
bias <> kıvrı
bias <> meyil
bias <> peşin
bias <> sapma
bias <> verev
bias <> yanıl
biased <> önyar
biased <> etki
biased <> peşin
biased <> taraf
biases <> önyar
biasing <> kutup
biassed <> önyar
biassed <> etki
biassed <> peşin
biassed <> taraf
biathlete <> biatl
biathlon <> biatl
biathlon <> kayak
biatomic <> ikiat
biaxial <> iki
biaxial <> iki 
biaxially <> Çift
bib <> çok 
bib <> önlük
bib <> alkol
bib <> iş 
bib <> mama
bib <> mutfa
bib <> tulum
bibber <> ayyaş
bibber <> içkic
bibble <> Bibbl
bibelot <> biblo
bibelots <> biblo
bible <> İncil
bible <> Başvu
bible <> Kayna
bible <> Kutsa
bible <> Mukad
bible <> Tevra
bibles <> İncil
biblical <> İncil
biblically <> İncil
bibliographer <> bibli
bibliographers <> bibli
bibliographic <> bibli
bibliographic <> kayna
bibliographical <> bibli
bibliographies <> bibli
bibliography <> bibli
bibliography <> kayna
bibliomania <> bibli
bibliomania <> kitap
bibliomaniac <> bibli
bibliomaniac <> kitap
bibliometric <> bibli
bibliophil <> bibli
bibliophil <> kitap
bibliophile <> bibli
bibliophile <> kitap
bibliotheca <> kütüp
bibliotheca <> kitap
bibliotherapy <> bibli
bibs <> Önlük
bibulous <> ayyaş
bibulous <> emici
bibulous <> içkic
bicameral <> iki
bicameral <> iki 
bicanalicular <> bikan
bicarbonate <> bikar
bicarbonates <> bikar
bice <> Bice
bicentenary <> iki
bicentenary <> iki 
bicentennial <> iki
bicentennial <> iki 
bicep <> pazı
bicephalous <> iki
bicephalous <> iki 
biceps <> iki 
biceps <> pazı
bicho <> Bicho
bichromate <> bikro
bicker <> çekiş
bicker <> şırıl
bicker <> atışm
bicker <> pırıl
bicker <> tartı
bicker <> titre
bickering <> çekiş
bickering <> atışm
bickering <> didiş
bickering <> münak
bickering <> tartı
bickers <> Bicke
bickerstaff <> Bicke
bicoloured <> çift
bicondylar <> bikon
biconical <> Bikon
biconvex <> bikon
bicornuate <> Bikor
bicultural <> kültü
bicuspid <> biküs
bicycle <> bisik
bicycled <> bisik
bicycler <> bisik
bicycles <> bisik
bicyclic <> bisik
bicycling <> bisik
bicyclist <> bisik
bicyclists <> bisik
bid <> davet
bid <> dekla
bid <> demek
bid <> elde
bid <> emret
bid <> fiyat
bid <> giriş
bid <> ihale
bid <> para
bid <> söyle
bid <> teşeb
bid <> tekli
bidden <> Tekli
bidder <> tekli
bidders <> İstek
bidding <> emir
bidding <> fiyat
bidding <> tekli
biddings <> ihale
bide <> bekle
bide <> kolla
bidentate <> ikidi
bidet <> bide
bidets <> bide
bidirectional <> iki
bidirectionally <> iki
bids <> tekli
bieberite <> Biyeb
biennale <> Biena
biennales <> biena
biennial <> iki
biennial <> iki 
biennially <> iki
biennially <> iki 
biennials <> biena
bier <> cenaz
bier <> tabut
bifascicular <> Bifas
biff <> darbe
biff <> yumru
biffin <> pişir
bifid <> iki
bifid <> iki 
bifidobacterium <> Bifid
bifocal <> çift
bifocal <> bifok
bifocals <> bifok
bifrost <> Bifro
bifunctional <> bifon
bifurcate <> çatal
bifurcate <> iki 
bifurcated <> çatal
bifurcation <> çatal
bifurcation <> iki 
bifurcations <> çatal
big <> çok
big <> öneml
big <> övüne
big <> at 
big <> büyük
big <> fazla
big <> iri
big <> iri 
big <> kapı
big <> kocam
big <> yüce
bigamist <> iki
bigamist <> iki 
bigamous <> iki
bigamous <> iki 
bigamy <> bigam
bigamy <> iki
bigamy <> iki 
bigarreau <> Bigar
bigger <> büyük
biggest <> büyük
biggin <> Biggi
biggish <> büyük
biggs <> Biggs
bighead <> kendi
bigheaded <> kendi
bighorn <> Bigho
bight <> halat
bight <> körfe
bight <> koy
bight <> roda
bigmouth <> ağzı
bigmouth <> farfa
bigness <> büyük
bigness <> irili
bigness <> kocam
bigot <> bağna
bigot <> dar 
bigot <> yobaz
bigoted <> bağna
bigoted <> geri
bigoted <> mutaa
bigoted <> yobaz
bigotry <> bağna
bigotry <> yobaz
bigots <> yobaz
bigs <> Bigs
bigshot <> Bigsh
bigtime <> büyük
biguanide <> bigua
biguanides <> bigua
bigwig <> öneml
bigwig <> kodam
biharmonic <> bihar
bijou <> küçük
bijouterie <> bijut
bijoux <> bijut
bike <> bisik
bike <> motos
bikers <> bisik
bikes <> Motos
biking <> bisik
bikini <> bikin
bilabial <> çiftd
bilateral <> iki
bilateral <> iki 
bilaterality <> bilat
bilaterally <> bilat
bilayers <> Bilay
bilberries <> Yaban
bilberry <> keçiy
bilberry <> yaban
bilboa <> Bilbo
bilby <> Bilby
bildstein <> Bilds
bile <> öd
bile <> aksil
bile <> huysu
bile <> safra
biler <> Biler
bilevel <> BiLev
bilge <> saçma
bilge <> sinti
bilge <> zırva
bilges <> sinti
bili <> bilir
biliary <> safra
bilinear <> iki
bilinear <> iki 
bilingual <> iki
bilingual <> iki 
bilingualism <> iki
bilingually <> iki
bilinite <> Bilin
biliopancreatic <> bilio
bilious <> öd
bilious <> öd 
bilious <> aksi
bilious <> huysu
bilious <> safra
biliousness <> huysu
biliousness <> safra
biliousness <> tersl
bilirubinemia <> bilir
bilirubins <> bilir
bilk <> ödeme
bilk <> aldat
bilk <> borç
bilk <> dolan
bilker <> düzen
bilker <> dolan
bill <> afiş
bill <> afişe
bill <> balta
bill <> bankn
bill <> beyan
bill <> burun
bill <> fatur
bill <> gaga
bill <> gagal
bill <> hesap
bill <> ilan
bill <> kâğıt
bill <> keser
bill <> poste
bill <> senet
bill <> seviş
bill <> tahvi
bill <> tasar
bill <> tiyat
bill <> uzant
billable <> fatur
billard <> bilar
billards <> bilar
billboard <> ilan
billboards <> rekla
billed <> fatur
billed <> gagal
biller <> Bille
billet <> görev
billet <> iş
billet <> kütük
billet <> konak
billet <> metâl
billets <> kütük
billfold <> cüzda
billhead <> antet
billhead <> başlı
billhook <> budam
billhook <> keski
billiard <> bilar
billiards <> bilar
billies <> Billi
billing <> Fatur
billing <> hesap
billing <> ismin
billings <> Bedel
billingsgate <> Londr
billingsgate <> küfür
billion <> milya
billionaire <> milya
billionaires <> milya
billions <> Milya
billionth <> milya
billionths <> milya
billon <> trily
billons <> Milya
billot <> Billo
billow <> dalga
billow <> dev
billow <> dev 
billow <> rüzgâ
billows <> Billo
billowy <> dalga
bills <> fatur
bills <> tahvi
billy <> billy
billy <> cop
billyboy <> Billy
billycock <> melon
bilobectomy <> bilob
bilobed <> bilob
bima <> Bima
bimanual <> biman
bimbo <> sürtü
bimetalic <> bimet
bimetallic <> bimet
bimetallism <> para
bimetals <> Bimet
bimolecular <> iki
bimonthly <> ayda
bimonthly <> iki
bimonthly <> iki 
bimotored <> çift
bin <> çöp 
bin <> ambar
bin <> bin
bin <> kömür
bin <> kutu
binal <> Binal
binaries <> ikili
binary <> çift
binary <> ikili
bination <> kombi
binational <> ulusl
binche <> Binch
bind <> bağlı
bind <> bağla
bind <> ciltl
bind <> donma
bind <> engel
bind <> sargı
bind <> sarma
bind <> tutma
bind <> tuttu
bind <> usand
binder <> bağ
binder <> bağla
binder <> biçer
binder <> ciltç
binder <> cilt
binder <> geçic
binder <> kap
binder <> kuşak
binders <> bağla
bindery <> cilte
bindheimite <> bindh
binding <> bağla
binding <> cilt
binding <> ciltl
binds <> bağla
bindweed <> gündü
bindweed <> kahka
bine <> sarma
bined <> kombi
binge <> alem
binge <> cümbü
binge <> içki
binger <> Binge
bingo <> bingo
bingo <> tam 
bink <> Bink
binks <> Binks
binnacle <> pusul
binocular <> iki
binocular <> iki 
binocularity <> binok
binoculars <> dürbü
binomial <> binom
binomial <> iki 
binomially <> binom
binomials <> Binom
binominal <> binom
binominal <> iki 
bins <> bidon
binuclear <> iki
binuclear <> iki 
binucleate <> iki
binucleate <> iki 
bio <> biyo
bioaccumulation <> biyol
bioaccumulative <> biyob
bioactive <> biyoa
bioactivity <> biyoa
bioavailabilities <> biyoy
bioavailability <> biyoy
bioavailable <> biyoy
bioburden <> biyol
biocatalysts <> biyok
biochemical <> biyok
biochemically <> biyok
biochemicals <> biyok
biochemist <> biyok
biochemistry <> bioki
biochemists <> biyok
biochores <> Tetis
biochron <> Biyok
biochronology <> Biyok
biocidal <> biyos
biocide <> biyos
biocides <> biyos
bioclastic <> biyok
bioclimatic <> biyok
bioclimatology <> biyok
biocompatibility <> biyou
biocompatible <> biyou
bioconcentration <> biyok
biocontrol <> biyol
biocybernetics <> Biyos
biodegradability <> biyob
biodegradable <> bakte
biodegradable <> geri
biodegradation <> biyol
biodegrade <> önüne
biodegraded <> biyol
biodegrading <> biyol
biodiesel <> Biyod
biodiverse <> biyol
biodiversity <> biyoç
biodynamic <> biyod
biodynamics <> Biody
bioecological <> anato
bioecology <> biyoe
bioelectric <> Biyoe
bioelectrical <> biyoe
bioelectricity <> Biyoe
bioelectrochemistry <> bioel
bioenergetics <> biyoe
bioenergy <> biyoe
bioengineer <> biyom
bioengineered <> Biyot
bioengineering <> biyot
bioengineers <> biyom
bioenvironmental <> Biyoç
bioequivalence <> biyoe
bioequivalency <> biyoe
bioequivalent <> biyoe
bioethical <> biyoe
bioethics <> Biyoe
biofacies <> Biyof
biofilm <> biyof
biofuel <> biyoy
biofuels <> biyoy
biogas <> biyog
biogases <> biyog
biogen <> biyoj
biogenesis <> biyog
biogenetic <> biyog
biogenetics <> biyog
biogenic <> biyoj
biogenous <> biyoj
biogeochemical <> biyoj
biogeochemistry <> Biyoj
biogeographic <> biyoc
biogeographical <> biyoc
biogeography <> biyoc
biograph <> Biogr
biographer <> biyog
biographers <> biyog
biographic <> biyog
biographical <> biyog
biographically <> biyog
biographies <> biyog
biography <> biyog
biography <> yaşam
biohazard <> Bioha
biohazardous <> biyol
biohazards <> biyol
bioherm <> biyoh
bioinformatics <> biyoi
bioinorganic <> biyoi
bioleaching <> Biyol
biolite <> BioLi
biologic <> biyol
biological <> biyol
biologically <> biyol
biologicals <> biyol
biologics <> biyol
biologies <> biyol
biologist <> biyol
biologists <> biyol
biology <> biyol
bioluminescence <> biyol
bioluminescent <> biyol
biolysis <> organ
biomagnetic <> Biyom
biomagnetism <> Biyom
biomarker <> biyom
biomarkers <> biyob
biomass <> biyok
biomaterial <> biyom
biomaterials <> biyom
biomathematics <> biyom
biome <> biyom
biomechanical <> biyom
biomechanically <> biyom
biomechanics <> biyom
biomedical <> biyom
biomedicals <> Biyom
biomedicine <> biyom
biomes <> canlı
biometric <> biyom
biometrical <> biyom
biometrics <> biyom
biometry <> biyom
biomicrite <> biyom
biomicroscope <> biyom
biomicroscopy <> biyom
biomimetics <> biyom
biomineralization <> Biyom
biomolecular <> biyom
biomolecule <> biyom
biomolecules <> Biyom
bion <> Bion
bionic <> biyon
bionics <> biyon
bionomics <> ekolo
bioorganic <> Biyoo
biopharmaceutical <> biyof
biopharmaceutics <> Biyof
biophile <> Biyof
biophysical <> biyof
biophysically <> biyof
biophysicist <> biyof
biophysics <> biyof
biopic <> biyog
bioplasmic <> biyop
bioplastic <> biyop
biopolymer <> biyop
biopolymers <> Biyop
biopotential <> biyop
bioprocess <> biyop
bioprocesses <> biyop
bioprosthesis <> biyop
biopsied <> Biyop
biopsies <> biyop
biopsy <> biyop
biopsychology <> Biyop
biopsychosocial <> biyop
biopsying <> biyop
bioreaction <> biyor
bioreactor <> biyor
bioreactors <> biyor
bioremediation <> biyor
bioresearch <> BioRe
biorhythm <> Biorh
biorhythms <> Biorh
biosafety <> Biyog
bioscience <> Biosc
biosciences <> biyol
biosensor <> biyos
biosensors <> biyos
biosolids <> biyos
biosorption <> biyos
biosparite <> biyos
biosphere <> biyos
biostat <> BiOST
biostatistic <> Biyoi
biostatistical <> biyoi
biostatistician <> biyoi
biostatistics <> biyoi
biostratigraphic <> biyos
biostratigraphical <> biyos
biostratigraphy <> Biyos
biostrome <> Biyos
biostromes <> biyos
biosynthesis <> biyos
biosynthesized <> uzarl
biosynthetic <> biyos
biosynthetically <> biyos
biosystem <> Biosy
biosystems <> Biosy
biota <> biyot
biotech <> biyot
biotechnical <> biyot
biotechnics <> Biote
biotechnological <> biyot
biotechnologies <> biyot
biotechnologist <> biyot
biotechnology <> biyot
biotelemetry <> biyot
bioterrorism <> Biyot
biotest <> Biote
biotherapy <> Biyot
biotic <> biyot
biotinidase <> biyot
biotite <> biyot
biotites <> biyot
biotope <> biyot
biotopes <> biyot
biotransformation <> biyot
biotransformations <> Biyot
biotype <> biyot
biotypes <> biyot
biozone <> biyoz
biozones <> biyoz
biparietal <> bipar
bipartisan <> iki
bipartisan <> iki 
bipartisanship <> iki
bipartisanship <> iki 
bipartite <> çift
bipartite <> ikili
biped <> iki
biped <> iki 
bipedal <> iki
bipedalism <> iki
bipedality <> iki
bipeds <> iki
biphase <> phase
biphasic <> bifaz
biphenotypic <> Bifen
biphenyl <> bifen
biphenyls <> bifen
biplane <> çiftk
bipod <> Çatal
bipolar <> iki
bipolar <> iki 
bipolarity <> İki
bipyramid <> Bipir
bipyridine <> bipir
birch <> falak
birch <> huş
birch <> huş 
birch <> sopal
birch <> sopay
birchen <> huş
birchen <> huş 
birching <> dayak
birching <> sopal
birchwood <> Birch
bird <> adam
bird <> güdüm
bird <> kız
bird <> kuş
birdbrain <> aptal
birdbrain <> kuş
birdbrain <> kuş 
birdcage <> kafes
birdcage <> kuş
birdcage <> kuş 
birdcall <> kuş
birdcall <> kuş 
birder <> Birde
birdhouse <> kuş
birdie <> golft
birdie <> küçük
birdie <> minik
birdies <> Kuşun
birding <> kuş
birdland <> Birdl
birdlife <> kuş
birdlike <> kuş
birdlike <> kuş 
birdlike <> kuşa
birdlime <> ökse
birdman <> avcı
birdman <> kuşçu
birdman <> pilot
birdmen <> Kuş
birds <> kuşla
birdseed <> kuş
birdseed <> kuş 
birdseye <> kuşgö
birdsong <> kuşla
birdwatcher <> kuş
birdwatchers <> kuş
birdwatching <> kuş
biriani <> Biria
birk <> Birk
birken <> Birke
birks <> Birks
birle <> Birle
birles <> Birle
birr <> Birr
birse <> Birse
birth <> doğma
birth <> doğuş
birth <> doğum
birth <> doğur
birth <> köken
birth <> kayna
birth <> nesil
birth <> soy
birth <> yavru
birthdate <> doğum
birthdates <> doğum
birthday <> doğum
birthday <> yaş 
birthdays <> doğum
birthed <> doğur
birthing <> Birth
birthmark <> doğum
birthmark <> iz
birthmarks <> doğum
birthmother <> biyol
birthplace <> doğum
birthplaces <> yerle
birthrate <> doğum
birthright <> doğuş
births <> doğum
birthstone <> burç
birthweight <> doğum
birthweights <> doğum
bischofite <> Bişof
biscotti <> Bisco
biscuit <> çörek
biscuit <> açık
biscuit <> biskü
biscuit <> kurab
biscuit <> kuru
biscuits <> biskü
bise <> Bise
bisect <> ikiye
bisected <> ikiye
bisection <> ikiye
bisector <> açıor
biserial <> İki
bises <> çalış
bisexual <> bisek
bisexual <> iki 
bisexuality <> bisek
bisexuals <> bisek
bishop <> fil
bishop <> pisko
bishop <> sıcak
bishopric <> pisko
bishoprics <> pisko
bishops <> pisko
bishopship <> pisko
bisk <> Bisk
bismite <> Bizmi
bismuth <> bizmu
bismuthinite <> bizmu
bismutite <> Bizmu
bismutotantalite <> Bizmu
bison <> bizon
bison <> yaban
bisons <> Bison
bisphenol <> bisfe
bisphosphate <> bifos
bisque <> sırsı
bissextile <> artık
bisson <> Bisso
bistatic <> bista
bistort <> yılan
bistoury <> neşte
bistros <> bistr
bisulcate <> Bisül
bisulfite <> bisül
bisulphate <> bisül
bisulphide <> bisül
bisulphite <> bisül
bit <> bit
bit <> bozuk
bit <> delgi
bit <> dizgi
bit <> eksik
bit <> gem
bit <> kırın
bit <> lokma
bit <> matka
bit <> nebze
bit <> parça
bit <> uç
bitch <> şikây
bitch <> berba
bitch <> cadı
bitch <> cadal
bitch <> dişi
bitch <> fahiş
bitch <> orosp
bitch <> rezil
bitch <> sevim
bitchery <> kancı
bitchin <> Şikây
bitching <> dırdı
bitchy <> şirre
bitchy <> cadol
bitchy <> orosp
bite <> ısırı
bite <> ısırm
bite <> aşınd
bite <> acılı
bite <> acıma
bite <> acıtm
bite <> diş 
bite <> dişle
bite <> kavra
bite <> keski
bite <> lokma
bite <> oltay
bite <> sızla
bite <> sokma
bite <> yakma
bite <> zokay
bited <> ısırı
biter <> ısıra
biters <> yiyen
bites <> ısırı
bitesize <> Bites
biting <> ısırm
biting <> acı
biting <> alayl
biting <> dokun
biting <> iğnel
biting <> keski
biting <> sokma
bitings <> ısırı
bitmaps <> bitma
bitonal <> İki
bits <> bit
bitstreams <> bit
bitt <> BSMV
bitten <> ısırı
bitter <> şidde
bitter <> acı
bitter <> acılı
bitter <> ilikl
bitter <> keski
bitter <> sert
bitter <> yakıc
bitterest <> amans
bittering <> acıla
bitterings <> acılı
bitterish <> acıms
bitterish <> acımt
bitterling <> acı
bitterling <> acı 
bitterly <> acı
bitterly <> acı 
bitterly <> için
bitterly <> keski
bittern <> acı 
bittern <> balab
bitterness <> acılı
bitterness <> keski
bitterness <> sertl
bitterness <> yakıc
bitters <> apsen
bitters <> sert
bitterwood <> kavas
bitumen <> bitüm
bitumen <> katra
bitumen <> yersa
bitumen <> zift
bitumens <> bitüm
bitumes <> bitüm
bituminized <> bitüm
bituminous <> bitüm
bituminous <> ziftl
bitwise <> bitse
biuret <> Biüre
bivalent <> iki
bivalent <> iki 
bivalve <> çift
bivalves <> kabuk
bivalvia <> Bival
bivariate <> iki
biventricular <> biven
bivouac <> açık
biweekly <> hafta
biweekly <> iki
biweekly <> iki 
bixbyite <> Biksi
biz <> biz
biz <> iş
bizarre <> acayi
bizarre <> garip
bizarre <> tuhaf
bize <> Just
bizet <> Bizet
bizonal <> iki
blab <> çenes
blab <> ağzın
blab <> boşbo
blab <> gevez
blabber <> boşbo
black <> is
black <> kötü
black <> kızgı
black <> kara
black <> karal
black <> karar
black <> kasve
black <> koyu
black <> morar
black <> pis
black <> siyah
black <> uğurs
black <> zenci
blackamoor <> zenci
blackball <> oybir
blackballer <> Black
blackbeard <> Black
blackberries <> böğür
blackberry <> böğür
blackbird <> karat
blackbirds <> karat
blackboard <> kara
blackboard <> tahta
blackboards <> karat
blackbodies <> black
blackbody <> kara
blackcap <> karab
blackcock <> orman
blackcock <> siyah
blackcurrant <> Frenk
blacked <> karar
blacken <> kara
blacken <> karal
blacken <> karar
blacken <> lekel
blacken <> siyah
blackened <> isli
blackening <> karal
blackens <> karar
blacker <> Black
blackest <> karan
blackeyes <> Black
blackface <> siyah
blackfire <> Black
blackfish <> Black
blackfoot <> Black
blackfriars <> Black
blackguard <> alçak
blackguard <> küfür
blackguard <> küfre
blackguard <> sövüp
blackguard <> terbi
blackguardly <> ağzı
blackguardly <> terbi
blackhead <> siyah
blackheads <> siyah
blackheart <> Black
blackhearts <> Black
blackie <> esmer
blackie <> zenci
blacking <> ayakk
blacking <> kurşu
blacking <> siyah
blackish <> siyah
blackjack <> black
blackjack <> cop
blackjack <> copla
blackjack <> korsa
blackjack <> yirmi
blackjacks <> Black
blackland <> Black
blacklead <> grafi
blackleg <> üçkâğ
blackleg <> grev
blackleg <> greve
blackleg <> hileb
blackletter <> Black
blacklist <> kara
blacklisted <> kara
blacklisting <> kara
blacklists <> kara
blackmail <> şanta
blackmail <> para
blackmailed <> şanta
blackmailer <> şanta
blackmailing <> şanta
blackmails <> şanta
blackmarket <> Black
blackmoor <> Black
blackness <> kötül
blackness <> karal
blackness <> siyah
blackout <> örtba
blackout <> bayıl
blackout <> gizli
blackout <> karar
blackout <> kendi
blackout <> yayın
blackouts <> kesin
blacks <> siyah
blacksmith <> demir
blacksmith <> nalba
blacksmithing <> demir
blacksmiths <> demir
blackstrap <> rom
blackstrap <> rom 
blacktail <> Black
blackthorn <> çalıd
blackthorn <> karaç
blackthorn <> karad
blacktop <> asfal
blackwater <> karas
blacky <> esmer
blacky <> zenci
blad <> Blad
bladder <> iç 
bladder <> kese
bladder <> mesan
bladder <> sidik
bladders <> mesan
blade <> bıçak
blade <> kılıç
blade <> lauba
blade <> sulu
blade <> uzun
blade <> yapra
bladed <> kanat
bladelet <> Burad
bladelets <> dilgi
blader <> Blade
bladers <> Blade
blades <> bıçak
blady <> Blady
blaeberry <> keçiy
blaeberry <> yaban
blag <> Blag
blah <> alelâ
blah <> blah
blah <> sırad
blahs <> can
blahs <> can 
blahs <> hoşnu
blain <> çıban
blain <> şişli
blam <> BLAM
blamable <> azarı
blame <> ayıpl
blame <> kınam
blame <> kabah
blame <> kusur
blame <> sorum
blame <> suç
blame <> suçla
blamed <> suçla
blameless <> kabah
blameless <> kusur
blameless <> masum
blameless <> suçsu
blamelessness <> masum
blamelessness <> suçsu
blamer <> Blame
blames <> sorum
blameworthy <> ayıpl
blameworthy <> kabah
blameworthy <> sorum
blaming <> suçla
blanch <> ağart
blanch <> beti
blanch <> beyaz
blanch <> cilal
blanch <> haşla
blanch <> kalay
blanch <> rengi
blanch <> soldu
blanched <> kalay
blanches <> Blanc
blancmange <> hafif
blancmange <> kibar
blancmange <> tatlı
blancmange <> yumuş
bland <> kibar
bland <> mülay
bland <> yumuş
blandish <> dil 
blandish <> gönlü
blandish <> yağ 
blandish <> yalta
blandishment <> dil 
blandishment <> yağcı
blandishments <> alben
blank <> çıkar
blank <> şaşır
blank <> açık
blank <> anlam
blank <> boş
blank <> boş 
blank <> boşlu
blank <> görün
blank <> hedef
blank <> ifade
blank <> sayıy
blank <> silme
blank <> tam
blank <> yazıs
blanked <> Batta
blanker <> Blank
blankest <> Blank
blanket <> örtü
blanket <> örtba
blanket <> örtme
blanket <> batta
blanket <> engel
blanket <> genel
blanket <> geniş
blanket <> kapsa
blanket <> sustu
blanketed <> kapla
blanketing <> batta
blankets <> batta
blankly <> şaşkı
blankly <> boş
blankly <> boş 
blankly <> ifade
blankly <> kesin
blankness <> şaşkı
blankness <> boşlu
blankness <> ifade
blanks <> boşlu
blanquet <> Blanq
blare <> bangı
blare <> boru
blare <> yükse
blarney <> dalka
blarney <> dil 
blarney <> yağ 
blarney <> yağcı
blarney <> yalta
blase <> bıkkı
blase <> herşe
blase <> hiçbi
blaser <> Blase
blasius <> Blasi
blaspheme <> küfre
blasphemer <> kâfir
blasphemies <> küfür
blasphemous <> dine
blasphemous <> kâfir
blasphemy <> dine
blasphemy <> küfür
blast <> öfkel
blast <> ötme
blast <> üflem
blast <> şidde
blast <> alem
blast <> azarl
blast <> bangı
blast <> bas 
blast <> beddu
blast <> cümbü
blast <> havay
blast <> köpür
blast <> kavur
blast <> lanet
blast <> patla
blast <> rüzgâ
blast <> soğuk
blast <> yıkma
blasted <> Allah
blasted <> lanet
blasters <> patla
blastic <> blast
blasting <> patla
blastocyst <> Blast
blastocystis <> Blast
blastocysts <> blast
blastoff <> haval
blastoff <> uzaya
blastogenesis <> blast
blastoma <> blast
blastomere <> blast
blastomeres <> blast
blastomyces <> Blast
blastomycin <> Blast
blastomycosis <> Blast
blasts <> patla
blasty <> Blast
blatancy <> gürül
blatancy <> yayga
blatant <> bariz
blatant <> besbe
blatant <> gürül
blatant <> yayga
blatantly <> perva
blather <> saçma
blather <> zırva
blatherskite <> saçma
blats <> BLATS
blatter <> Blatt
blaw <> Blaw
blaze <> öfkel
blaze <> ışılt
blaze <> ışıma
blaze <> ağaçl
blaze <> alev
blaze <> atın
blaze <> ateş
blaze <> köpür
blaze <> pırıl
blaze <> parla
blaze <> tutuş
blaze <> yıldı
blaze <> yangı
blazer <> blaze
blazer <> spor
blazers <> blaze
blazes <> cehen
blazing <> çarpı
blazing <> alevl
blazing <> bariz
blazing <> belir
blazing <> keski
blazing <> yanan
blazon <> arma
blazon <> fiyak
blazon <> göste
blazon <> haned
blazon <> parla
blazon <> uygun
blazonry <> armac
blazonry <> fiyak
blazonry <> göste
bleach <> çamaş
bleach <> ağart
bleach <> beyaz
bleach <> rengi
bleached <> ağart
bleacher <> çamaş
bleacher <> açık
bleachers <> açık
bleaches <> çamaş
bleaching <> ağart
bleak <> çıpla
bleak <> üzgün
bleak <> inci
bleak <> kasve
bleak <> rüzgâ
bleak <> soğuk
bleak <> tatlı
bleak <> umuts
bleaker <> kasve
bleakness <> çıpla
bleakness <> soğuk
bleakness <> umuts
blear <> donuk
blear <> sulan
blear <> yaşar
blears <> Blear
bleary <> sulan
bleat <> cılız
bleat <> melem
bleating <> melem
blebs <> bleb
bleck <> Bleck
bled <> Bled
bleed <> akmak
bleed <> boşal
bleed <> kanın
bleed <> kan 
bleed <> kanam
bleed <> para
bleeded <> kanad
bleeder <> şanta
bleeder <> haval
bleeder <> hemof
bleeder <> para
bleeders <> Kanam
bleeding <> Allah
bleeding <> adet
bleeding <> havas
bleeding <> kanam
bleeding <> lanet
bleeding <> regl
bleedings <> kanam
bleeds <> kanam
bleep <> çağrı
bleep <> bip
bleep <> bip 
bleep <> biple
bleeping <> Bleep
blemish <> bozma
blemish <> güzel
blemish <> hata
blemish <> karal
blemish <> kusur
blemish <> leke
blemish <> lekel
blemished <> lekel
blemishes <> lekel
blench <> ürkme
blench <> ağarm
blench <> ağart
blench <> geri
blench <> irkil
blench <> rengi
blend <> harma
blend <> karış
blend <> kayna
blend <> uyum
blende <> çinko
blende <> blend
blended <> harma
blended <> karış
blender <> harma
blender <> karış
blenders <> karış
blending <> harma
blends <> karış
blennorrhea <> belso
bleomycin <> bleom
blepharitis <> blefa
blepharoplasty <> Blefa
blepharoptosis <> Blefa
blepharospasm <> blefa
bless <> şükre
bless <> kutsa
bless <> takdi
blessed <> kutlu
blessed <> kutsa
blessed <> mübar
blessed <> mutlu
blessedly <> kutlu
blessedness <> kutlu
blessedness <> mübar
blesser <> Bless
blesses <> takdi
blessing <> şükra
blessing <> berek
blessing <> dua
blessing <> hayır
blessing <> kutsa
blessing <> lütuf
blessing <> nimet
blessings <> berek
blessings <> iyi 
blest <> kusal
blest <> mübar
blest <> neşe
blether <> saçma
blether <> zırva
bletherskate <> saçma
blew <> esti
bley <> Bley
blight <> afet
blight <> boşa
blight <> felâk
blight <> kötü
blight <> küf
blight <> kırma
blight <> karma
blight <> keşme
blight <> manta
blight <> suya
blight <> yıkım
blighted <> boşa
blighter <> gıcık
blighter <> herif
blighter <> sinir
blights <> çarçu
blighty <> İngil
blighty <> vatan
blimey <> vay
blimey <> vay 
blimp <> keşif
blimp <> sessi
blin <> Blin
blind <> açmay
blind <> alem
blind <> anlay
blind <> bahan
blind <> düşün
blind <> görme
blind <> göz 
blind <> gizli
blind <> hızlı
blind <> jaluz
blind <> kör
blind <> kör 
blind <> okuna
blind <> pusu
blind <> saçma
blind <> sakla
blind <> stor
blinde <> Blind
blinded <> kör
blinder <> görüş
blindest <> körsü
blindfold <> düşün
blindfold <> gözün
blindfold <> gözle
blindfold <> körü
blindfolding <> gözle
blindfolds <> at
blinding <> göz 
blinding <> kör
blinding <> kör 
blindingly <> kör
blindly <> görme
blindly <> körü
blindman <> Blind
blindness <> düşün
blindness <> gafle
blindness <> körlü
blinds <> atın
blinds <> panju
blindside <> Blind
blindsided <> Blind
blini <> Blini
blink <> ışıld
blink <> ışılt
blink <> bakış
blink <> blink
blink <> görme
blink <> gözün
blink <> göz 
blink <> kırpı
blink <> kırpm
blink <> nazar
blink <> parıl
blink <> parla
blink <> titre
blinked <> kırpı
blinkenlights <> Blink
blinker <> atın
blinker <> flaşö
blinker <> flaş
blinker <> göz
blinker <> işare
blinkered <> at
blinkered <> at 
blinkered <> görem
blinkered <> okuna
blinkers <> at
blinkers <> at 
blinkers <> güneş
blinking <> Allah
blinking <> göz 
blinking <> kırpm
blinking <> lanet
blinks <> yanıp
blinky <> Blink
blip <> çarpm
blip <> görün
blip <> pat
blip <> vurma
blips <> çömez
bliss <> keyif
bliss <> mutlu
blissed <> Bliss
blissful <> keyif
blissful <> mutlu
blissfulness <> mutlu
blist <> Blist
blister <> çıkış
blister <> azarl
blister <> kabar
blister <> rasat
blister <> silâh
blister <> su 
blister <> yakı
blistered <> kabar
blistering <> kabar
blisters <> kabar
blithe <> şen
blithe <> mutlu
blithe <> neşel
blithering <> Allah
blithering <> lanet
blitz <> hava
blitzer <> Blitz
blizzard <> kar
blizzard <> kar 
blizzard <> tipi
blizzards <> kar
bloat <> şişir
bloat <> şişme
bloat <> kabar
bloat <> tütsü
bloated <> övüne
bloated <> şişmi
bloated <> böbür
bloated <> kabar
bloatedness <> şişki
bloater <> tütsü
bloating <> şişki
blob <> damla
blob <> leke
blob <> sıfır
blob <> su 
blobby <> Blobb
blobs <> blob'
bloc <> blok
block <> apart
block <> blok
block <> bloke
block <> durdu
block <> engel
block <> iki 
block <> kütük
block <> kütle
block <> kalıp
block <> kapam
block <> makar
block <> palan
block <> sıkış
block <> tıkam
block <> tutuk
blockade <> abluk
blockade <> kuşat
blockaded <> abluk
blockades <> bloka
blockading <> abluk
blockage <> tıkan
blockages <> tıkan
blockboard <> Block
blockbuster <> çok 
blockbuster <> block
blockbuster <> uçak
blockbusters <> filml
blocked <> Engel
blocked <> bloke
blocked <> tıkal
blocker <> bloke
blockers <> bloke
blockhead <> ahmak
blockhead <> manka
blockheads <> Block
blockhouse <> beton
blockhouses <> korug
blockiness <> blokl
blocking <> bloke
blocking <> engel
blockmaking <> Parke
blocks <> blokl
blocky <> blokl
blocs <> blokl
bloedite <> Blödi
bloemfontein <> Bloem
bloke <> herif
blond <> sarış
blond <> sarı
blonde <> ipek
blonde <> sarış
blondel <> Blond
blonder <> Blond
blondish <> sarım
blonds <> sarış
blood <> akrab
blood <> huy
blood <> kan
blood <> kan 
blood <> yapı
bloodbath <> katli
bloodbaths <> kan
bloodcurdling <> insan
bloodcurdling <> tüyle
blooded <> cins
blooded <> kanlı
blooded <> safka
bloodedness <> kanlı
bloodflower <> Blood
bloodflowers <> Blood
bloodgroup <> Blood
bloodhound <> dedek
bloodhound <> tazı
bloodied <> Kanla
bloodier <> kanlı
bloodiest <> kanlı
bloodily <> kanlı
blooding <> Blood
bloodless <> cansı
bloodless <> duygu
bloodless <> hissi
bloodless <> kan 
bloodless <> kansı
bloodless <> solgu
bloodlet <> Blood
bloodletting <> kan 
bloodletting <> katli
bloodline <> Blood
bloodlines <> Blood
bloods <> Blood
bloodshed <> kan 
bloodshed <> katli
bloodshot <> kızar
bloodshot <> kanlı
bloodshot <> kanla
bloodsoaked <> Blood
bloodsport <> Blood
bloodstain <> Blood
bloodstained <> kan
bloodstains <> lekel
bloodstock <> safka
bloodstone <> kanta
bloodstream <> kan
bloodsucker <> asala
bloodsucker <> kan
bloodsucker <> kan 
bloodsucker <> sülük
bloodsucking <> kan
bloodthirstiness <> kana
bloodthirsty <> kana
bloodtype <> Kan
bloodvessel <> Blood
bloody <> çok
bloody <> kan 
bloody <> kanay
bloody <> kanlı
bloody <> lanet
bloody <> uğurs
bloom <> çiçek
bloom <> demir
bloom <> dinç
bloom <> güzel
bloom <> gençl
bloom <> hamde
bloom <> hayat
bloom <> külçe
bloom <> serpi
bloom <> tazel
bloomer <> gaf
bloomer <> pot
bloomers <> büzgü
bloomers <> jimna
blooming <> çiçek
blooming <> lanet
blooms <> kütük
bloomy <> Bloom
bloop <> blup
blossom <> çiçek
blossom <> ağaç
blossom <> geliş
blossomed <> çiçek
blossoming <> Çiçek
blossoms <> çiçek
blot <> ayıp
blot <> kara
blot <> kirle
blot <> kurut
blot <> leke
blot <> lekel
blot <> mürek
blotch <> ayıp
blotch <> kızar
blotch <> kabar
blotch <> kara
blotch <> leke
blotch <> lekel
blotch <> mürek
blotches <> lekel
blotchiness <> lekel
blotchy <> kızar
blotchy <> kabar
blotchy <> lekel
blotchy <> mürek
blots <> lekes
blotted <> Blott
blotter <> karak
blotter <> kurut
blotto <> dut
blotto <> dut 
blotto <> fitil
blotto <> sarho
blouse <> asker
blouse <> bluz
blouse <> gömle
blouses <> bluz
blow <> çalma
blow <> çarçu
blow <> çiçek
blow <> övünm
blow <> üflem
blow <> şanss
blow <> şok
blow <> atmak
blow <> darbe
blow <> esint
blow <> esmek
blow <> fışkı
blow <> felâk
blow <> hamle
blow <> körük
blow <> küfre
blow <> kaçır
blow <> kaçma
blow <> kahre
blow <> patla
blow <> rüzgâ
blow <> soluk
blow <> solum
blow <> su 
blow <> uçurm
blow <> yükse
blow <> yelpa
blow <> yumru
blowback <> Blowb
blowdown <> blöf
blower <> üfley
blower <> haval
blower <> körük
blower <> telef
blower <> vanti
blowers <> üfley
blowfly <> kurt
blowgun <> üfley
blowgun <> hava
blowhard <> palav
blowhole <> balin
blowhole <> hava
blowholes <> boşlu
blowing <> üflem
blowjobs <> oral
blowlamp <> lehim
blown <> çiçek
blown <> şişmi
blown <> soluğ
blowout <> patla
blowpipe <> üfleç
blowpipe <> üfley
blowpipe <> kayna
blows <> darbe
blowtorch <> lehim
blowup <> infil
blowup <> patla
blowup <> tepes
blowy <> rüzgâ
blowzy <> kırmı
blowzy <> saçı
blubber <> bağır
blubber <> balin
blubber <> hüngü
blubber <> zırla
blubbering <> hüngü
blucher <> Blüch
bludgeon <> cop
bludgeon <> copla
bludgeon <> sopa
bludgeon <> sopal
bludgeon <> zorla
bludgeoned <> sopay
bludgeoning <> copla
blue <> çürüm
blue <> çarçu
blue <> açık
blue <> canı
blue <> hüzün
blue <> har 
blue <> keyif
blue <> müste
blue <> mavi
blue <> maviy
blue <> moral
blue <> morar
blue <> muhaf
bluebeard <> Blueb
bluebell <> çançi
bluebell <> yaban
bluebells <> Blueb
blueberries <> yaban
blueberry <> yaban
bluebirds <> Blueb
bluebottle <> aynas
bluebottle <> kurt
bluebottle <> mavi
bluebottle <> peyga
bluebottle <> polis
bluefin <> Mavi
bluefish <> lüfer
bluejacket <> gemic
bluejay <> Bluej
blueline <> BLUEL
blueness <> mavil
bluenose <> Bluen
blueprint <> planı
blueprints <> planl
blues <> blues
blues <> bunal
blues <> caz
blues <> hüzün
blueschist <> maviş
blueschists <> maviş
bluest <> Blues
bluestocking <> aydın
bluestocking <> entel
bluestocking <> okumu
bluestone <> gözta
bluesy <> Blues
bluetongue <> mavid
bluewings <> Bluew
bluewood <> Bluew
bluff <> açık
bluff <> blöf
bluff <> blöfl
bluff <> canda
bluff <> dik
bluff <> içten
bluff <> kayal
bluff <> kurus
bluff <> perva
bluff <> sözün
bluff <> sarp
bluff <> uçuru
bluffer <> blöfç
bluffing <> blöf
bluffs <> blöf
bluing <> mavil
bluish <> mavim
blunder <> çam 
blunder <> düşün
blunder <> falso
blunder <> gaf
blunder <> gaf 
blunder <> pot
blunder <> pot 
blunder <> sende
blunder <> tökez
blunderer <> çam
blunderer <> çam 
blunderer <> pot 
blundering <> çam 
blundering <> gaf 
blundering <> pot
blundering <> pot 
blunders <> Blund
blunk <> Blunk
blunt <> açık
blunt <> anlay
blunt <> duygu
blunt <> kör
blunt <> körel
blunt <> kesme
blunt <> lâfın
blunt <> patav
blunted <> baskı
blunting <> azalm
bluntly <> açıkç
bluntly <> açık
bluntly <> dobra
bluntness <> açık
bluntness <> körel
bluntness <> kesme
bluntness <> patav
blunts <> kısa
blur <> bulaş
blur <> bulan
blur <> donuk
blur <> flu 
blur <> leke
blur <> lekel
blur <> mürek
blurb <> kitap
blurbs <> Diyor
blurred <> bulan
blurred <> donuk
blurred <> flu
blurriness <> bulan
blurring <> bulaş
blurring <> bulan
blurry <> bulan
blurs <> bulan
blurt <> yumur
blush <> kırmı
blush <> kızar
blush <> utanm
blush <> yüzü
blush <> yüz 
blushed <> kızar
blusher <> allık
blushes <> utanç
blushing <> efend
blushing <> kızar
blushing <> terbi
blushing <> yüzü
bluster <> bağır
bluster <> boş 
bluster <> fırtı
bluster <> küsta
bluster <> tehdi
bluster <> yükse
bluster <> yayga
blusterer <> kabad
blusters <> bağır
bo <> bö
boa <> boa
boa <> boa 
boa <> dar 
boar <> domuz
boar <> erkek
board <> binme
board <> borda
board <> daire
board <> heyet
board <> ilan
board <> kara
board <> komis
board <> kurul
board <> mecli
board <> mukav
board <> pano
board <> pansi
board <> sörf
board <> sofra
board <> tahta
board <> yiyec
boarded <> bindi
boarder <> pansi
boarder <> yatıl
boarders <> yatıl
boarding <> parma
boarding <> rampa
boarding <> tahta
boarding <> yatıl
boarding <> yiyec
boardinghouse <> pansi
boardinghouses <> Apart
boardlike <> tahta
boardman <> Board
boardroom <> Board
boardrooms <> topla
boards <> Komit
boards <> sahne
boars <> domuz
boast <> övünç
boast <> övünm
boast <> böbür
boast <> büyük
boast <> iftih
boast <> palav
boasted <> övüne
boaster <> övüne
boaster <> palav
boastful <> övüne
boastful <> övüng
boastful <> böbür
boastfulness <> övüng
boasting <> övünm
boasting <> palav
boastingly <> övüne
boasts <> övünm
boat <> bot
boat <> filik
boat <> gemi
boat <> kayık
boat <> sanda
boat <> tekne
boatbuilders <> Yat
boatbuilding <> tekne
boater <> hasır
boater <> kanot
boathouse <> kayık
boating <> botla
boating <> kürek
boating <> kayık
boatlift <> Boatl
boatman <> kayık
boatman <> sanda
boatrace <> yüzle
boats <> tekne
boatswain <> lostr
boatswain <> marin
boatyard <> çekek
boatyards <> Tersa
bob <> çekül
bob <> şilin
bob <> ağzıy
bob <> aşağı
bob <> bob
bob <> kısa
bob <> kesik
bob <> rever
bob <> saç 
bob <> salla
bob <> yarış
bobbed <> kısa
bobber <> Bobbe
bobbin <> bobin
bobbin <> makar
bobbing <> salla
bobbins <> bobin
bobble <> Bobbl
bobby <> aynas
bobby <> polis
bobbysoxer <> genç
bobcat <> vaşak
bobcats <> Bobca
bobsled <> yarış
bobsleigh <> yarış
bobtail <> kısa
bobtail <> kuyru
bocage <> Bocag
bocci <> Bocci
bock <> siyah
bocks <> biral
bode <> alâme
bode <> işare
bodega <> Bodeg
bodegas <> Bodeg
bodements <> Bodem
bodhisattvas <> Bodhi
bodice <> elbis
bodice <> korsa
bodice <> korse
bodied <> cüsse
bodied <> vücut
bodied <> yapıl
bodies <> organ
bodiless <> beden
bodiless <> manev
bodiless <> tinse
bodily <> bütün
bodily <> beden
bodily <> tek 
boding <> kehan
bodkin <> biz
bodkin <> firke
body <> büyük
body <> beden
body <> birli
body <> ceset
body <> cisim
body <> gövde
body <> grup
body <> hacim
body <> kütle
body <> karos
body <> kurul
body <> vücut
bodyboard <> Bodyb
bodybuild <> vücut
bodybuilder <> vücut
bodybuilding <> vücut
bodyguard <> fedai
bodyguard <> korum
bodyguard <> muhaf
bodyguards <> korum
bodyline <> Bodyl
bodyslam <> Bodys
bodysnatchers <> Bodys
bodyweight <> Vücut
bodywise <> Bodyw
bodywork <> karos
boehmite <> Böhmi
boff <> Boff
boffin <> bilim
bog <> çıkma
bog <> batağ
bog <> batak
bogan <> Bogan
bogen <> Bogen
bogey <> berab
bogey <> gulya
bogey <> umacı
bogeyman <> öcü
boggart <> Böcür
bogged <> sapla
boggle <> çekin
boggle <> ürkme
boggle <> becer
boggle <> yüzün
boggle <> yanaş
boggles <> hayal
boggy <> batak
bogie <> büyük
bogie <> boji
bogie <> gulya
bogie <> kamyo
bogie <> maden
bogie <> umacı
bogies <> bojil
bogle <> Bogle
bogs <> batak
bogtrotter <> batak
bogue <> Bogue
bogus <> kalp
bogus <> sahte
bogus <> takli
bogy <> öcü
bogy <> gulya
bogy <> korku
bogy <> umacı
bogyman <> öcü
bogyman <> umacı
boh <> BOH
bohemian <> Bohem
bohemian <> bohem
bohemian <> toplu
bohemianism <> bohem
bohemians <> bohem
bohm <> Bohm
boho <> Boho
boil <> çıban
boil <> fokur
boil <> galey
boil <> haşla
boil <> köpür
boil <> kızış
boil <> kayna
boil <> son 
boiled <> haşla
boiled <> kayna
boiler <> haşla
boiler <> kayna
boiler <> kazan
boiler <> su 
boilermakers <> Boile
boilermaking <> Isıya
boilerplate <> klişe
boilers <> kazan
boiling <> çok 
boiling <> köpür
boiling <> kızgı
boiling <> kavur
boiling <> kayna
boils <> kayna
boisterous <> şamat
boisterous <> fırtı
boisterous <> gürül
boisterous <> sert
boisterous <> taşkı
boisterously <> yla
boisterousness <> gürül
boisterousness <> taşkı
boke <> Böke
boko <> Boko
bolar <> Bolar
bold <> arsız
bold <> atılg
bold <> cüret
bold <> cesar
bold <> cesur
bold <> dik
bold <> gözüp
bold <> göze
bold <> küsta
bold <> koyu
bold <> utanm
bolded <> kalın
bolden <> Bolde
bolder <> cesur
boldest <> cesur
boldface <> kalın
boldin <> Boldi
bolding <> kalın
boldly <> cesur
boldly <> küsta
boldness <> cüret
boldness <> cesar
boldness <> cesur
boldness <> gözüp
boldness <> küsta
boldness <> utanm
boldness <> yüzsü
boldo <> Boldo
bole <> ağaç
bolero <> İspan
bolero <> boler
bolero <> cepke
bolero <> kısa
boleros <> boler
boles <> Boles
boletus <> bir
boletus <> bir 
boley <> Boley
boleyn <> Boley
bolide <> yarış
bolides <> BOLID
bolivar <> Boliv
bolivia <> Boliv
boll <> keten
boll <> pamuk
boll <> tohum
bollard <> ışıkl
bollard <> iskel
bollards <> baba
bollen <> Bolle
bolling <> Bolli
bollocks <> hayal
bollocks <> taşak
bollocks <> yumur
bollworm <> Yeşil
bolometer <> ışını
boloney <> iri 
boloney <> palav
boloney <> saçma
boloney <> zırva
bolshevik <> Bolşe
bolsheviks <> Bolşe
bolshevism <> Bolşe
bolshevist <> Bolşe
bolshevized <> Bolsh
bolster <> deste
bolster <> uzun
bolster <> yastı
bolstered <> takvi
bolstering <> deste
bolsters <> canla
bolt <> çekil
bolt <> çiğne
bolt <> cıvat
bolt <> eleme
bolt <> fırla
bolt <> kısa
bolt <> kaçış
bolt <> kaçın
bolt <> kaçma
bolt <> kilit
bolt <> sürgü
bolt <> süzme
bolt <> tülbe
bolt <> tüyme
bolt <> tıkın
bolt <> top
bolt <> yıldı
bolted <> cıvat
bolter <> kontr
bolter <> parti
bolting <> civat
boltings <> Sapla
bolts <> cıvat
boltzmann <> Boltz
bolus <> büyük
bolus <> bolus
boluses <> bolus
bomb <> başar
bomb <> bomba
bomb <> fiyas
bombard <> bomba
bombard <> sıkış
bombard <> topa
bombard <> yağmu
bombarded <> bomba
bombardier <> bomba
bombardier <> topçu
bombarding <> bomba
bombardment <> bomba
bombardment <> topa
bombardments <> bomba
bombards <> bomba
bombasine <> ipekl
bombast <> süslü
bombastic <> göste
bombastic <> süslü
bombastic <> tumtu
bombe <> top
bombe <> top 
bombed <> bomba
bombed <> esrar
bombed <> kafay
bombed <> sarho
bombed <> uyuşt
bomber <> bomba
bombers <> bomba
bombing <> bomba
bombings <> bomba
bomblet <> Bomba
bombo <> Bombo
bombos <> Bombo
bombproof <> blokh
bombproof <> bomba
bombproof <> korug
bombs <> bomba
bombshell <> bomba
bombshell <> sürpr
bombshells <> kötü
bombsight <> bomba
bombyx <> Bomby
boms <> bomla
bonamia <> Bonam
bonanza <> bollu
bonanza <> kazan
bonanza <> refah
bonanza <> verim
bonanza <> zengi
bonbon <> şeker
bonbon <> bonbo
bonbonniere <> BONBO
bonce <> Bonce
bond <> örmek
bond <> antre
bond <> bağ
bond <> bağla
bond <> bono
bond <> harç
bond <> ilişk
bond <> prang
bond <> senet
bond <> tahvi
bond <> tutka
bond <> tuttu
bond <> yapış
bond <> zinci
bondage <> bağım
bondage <> esare
bondage <> kölel
bondar <> Bonda
bonded <> bağlı
bonder <> Bonde
bondholder <> oblig
bondholder <> tahvi
bonding <> bağ
bondings <> bağla
bondman <> esir
bondman <> köle
bondman <> kefil
bondmen <> kulla
bonds <> tahvi
bondslave <> esir
bondslave <> köle
bondslave <> kefil
bondsman <> esir
bondsman <> köle
bondsman <> kefil
bondswoman <> esir
bondswoman <> köle
bondswoman <> kefil
bondwoman <> esir
bondwoman <> köle
bondwoman <> kefil
bone <> anlaş
bone <> kılçı
bone <> kemik
bone <> tartı
boneblack <> şistl
boneblack <> yanık
bonecrusher <> Bonec
boned <> kılçı
boned <> kemik
bonehead <> danga
bonehead <> kalın
bonehead <> manka
boneless <> kemik
bonelike <> kemik
boner <> gaf
boner <> pot
bones <> iskel
bones <> kemik
bones <> zar
bonesetter <> çıkık
bonesetter <> kırık
boneshaker <> çok 
boneshaker <> külüs
boneyard <> mezar
boneyard <> otomo
boneyards <> Boney
bonfire <> şenli
bonfire <> açıkt
bonfire <> yapra
bonhomie <> hoşlu
bonhomie <> neşel
bonhomie <> tatlı
bonie <> Bonie
boning <> Sıyır
boninites <> bonin
bonitas <> Bonit
bonito <> palam
bonkers <> çılgı
bonkers <> deli
bonnet <> şapka
bonnet <> başlı
bonnet <> bone
bonnet <> kapak
bonnet <> kaput
bonnet <> kep
bonneted <> şapka
bonneted <> bonel
bonnets <> kaput
bonnier <> Bonni
bonny <> gürbü
bonny <> güzel
bonny <> hoş
bonny <> sağlı
bonny <> sevim
bonobos <> bonob
bonsai <> Bonsa
bonsais <> bonsa
bonus <> bonus
bonus <> ikram
bonus <> kâr p
bonus <> prim
bonus <> sürpr
bonus <> teşvi
bonuses <> ikram
bony <> kılçı
bony <> kemik
bonze <> Budis
boo <> ıslık
boo <> boo
boo <> yuh
boo <> yuhal
boob <> ahmak
boob <> aptal
boob <> danga
boobie <> Boobi
booboo <> BooBo
boobs <> göğüs
boobs <> memel
booby <> alık
booby <> aptal
booby <> en 
booby <> göğüs
booby <> meme
booby <> sümsü
boodle <> cemaa
boodle <> para
boodle <> rüşve
booed <> yuhal
booger <> sümük
boogers <> pisli
boohoo <> hüngü
boohoo <> zırla
book <> ayırm
book <> ayırt
book <> defte
book <> kayde
book <> kitap
book <> libre
book <> liste
book <> opera
book <> rezer
book <> senar
book <> tutma
book <> yer 
bookable <> kayıt
bookbag <> Pando
bookbinder <> ciltç
bookbinders <> Bookb
bookbinding <> ciltç
bookcase <> kütüp
bookcase <> kitap
bookcases <> Kütüp
booked <> ayırt
booked <> ayrıl
booked <> kayıt
booked <> rezer
bookends <> kitap
bookfair <> Bookf
bookie <> müşte
bookies <> gişel
booking <> kayde
booking <> rezer
booking <> yer 
bookings <> rezer
bookish <> kitab
bookish <> kitap
bookish <> okuma
bookishness <> kitap
bookkeeper <> defte
bookkeeper <> muhas
bookkeeper <> sayma
bookkeepers <> Bookk
bookkeeping <> defte
bookkeeping <> muhas
bookkeeping <> sayma
booklet <> broşü
booklet <> kitap
booklets <> kitap
bookmaker <> müşte
bookmakers <> bahis
bookman <> alim
bookman <> bilgi
bookmark <> imi
bookmark <> sayfa
bookmarked <> imi
bookmarkers <> ayrac
bookmarking <> Bookm
bookmarks <> imler
bookmobile <> gezic
bookplate <> kitab
bookpost <> kitap
books <> kitap
bookseller <> kitap
booksellers <> kitap
bookselling <> kitap
bookshelf <> kitap
bookshelves <> kitap
bookshop <> kitab
bookshop <> kitap
bookshops <> kitap
bookstack <> tavan
bookstall <> gazet
bookstall <> kitap
bookstand <> kitap
bookstore <> kitab
bookstore <> kitap
bookstores <> kitap
booksy <> entel
booksy <> kültü
bookworm <> kitap
bookworms <> Bookw
booleans <> mantı
boom <> çıkış
boom <> ani 
boom <> artır
boom <> bumba
boom <> canla
boom <> derin
boom <> fırla
boom <> güm
boom <> gümbü
boom <> gümle
boom <> gürle
boom <> geliş
boom <> kamer
boom <> patla
boom <> seren
boom <> uğuld
boom <> uğult
boom <> vinç
boom <> yüzer
boomed <> gürle
boomer <> Boome
boomerang <> aleyh
boomerang <> bumer
boomerang <> geri
boomerangs <> bumer
booming <> gürle
booming <> geliş
booming <> ilerl
booms <> bomla
boomslang <> Booms
boomtown <> Boomt
boon <> lütuf
boon <> neşel
boon <> nimet
boon <> rahat
boondock <> Şehri
boondocks <> geri
boondocks <> taşra
boonville <> Boonv
boor <> ayı
boor <> hödük
boor <> kaba
boor <> yontu
boorish <> ayı
boorish <> hödük
boorish <> hoyra
boorish <> kaba
boorishness <> ayılı
boorishness <> kabal
boos <> Boos
boost <> övmek
boost <> artır
boost <> deste
boost <> kaldı
boost <> propa
boost <> reklâ
boost <> rekla
boost <> volta
boost <> yükse
boost <> yardı
boost <> yukar
boosted <> artır
booster <> ampli
booster <> deste
booster <> hız 
booster <> propa
booster <> yükse
booster <> yardı
boosters <> güçle
boosting <> artır
boosts <> artır
boot <> çizme
boot <> bagaj
boot <> bot
boot <> koruy
boot <> kovma
boot <> otel
boot <> tekme
boot <> tepme
bootblack <> ayakk
booted <> çizme
bootee <> küçük
bootees <> patik
booter <> Boote
booters <> Boote
bootes <> Çoban
booth <> çarda
booth <> barak
booth <> gişe
booth <> kabin
booth <> kulüb
booth <> satış
booths <> kabin
booties <> patik
booting <> çizme
bootjack <> çizme
bootjack <> kerat
bootlace <> çizme
bootlace <> bağcı
bootleg <> içki
bootleg <> kaçak
bootlegged <> Bootl
bootlegger <> içki
bootleggers <> bootl
bootlegging <> içki
bootless <> beyhu
bootless <> boş
bootless <> fayda
bootless <> yarar
bootlick <> dalka
bootlick <> yalak
bootlicker <> çanak
bootlicker <> dalka
bootlicker <> yalta
boots <> bot
bootstrap <> çizme
bootstrap <> boots
bootstrapped <> önyük
bootstrapping <> önyük
booty <> çapul
booty <> ganim
booty <> yağma
booze <> alem
booze <> cümbü
booze <> içki
booze <> kafay
boozed <> içkil
boozed <> kafay
boozed <> sarho
boozer <> içki
boozer <> içkic
boozer <> meyha
boozer <> sarho
boozing <> kafay
boozy <> ayyaş
boozy <> içkic
boozy <> sarho
bopper <> Boppe
bops <> Bops
boracic <> borak
boracic <> borik
boracite <> boras
borage <> hodan
boraginaceae <> Borag
borak <> Borak
boraks <> BORAK
boral <> Boral
boras <> Boras
borate <> borat
borates <> borat
borax <> borak
borde <> Borde
bordeaux <> Frans
bordeaux <> bordo
bordel <> genel
bordello <> genel
border <> çerçe
border <> benze
border <> bitiş
border <> demey
border <> hudut
border <> kenar
border <> sınır
border <> tarh
bordered <> sınır
borderer <> sınır
borderers <> sınır
bordering <> sınır
borderland <> sınır
borderlands <> sınır
borderless <> sınır
borderline <> sınır
borderlines <> sınır
borders <> sınır
bordes <> Borde
bordetella <> Borde
bordure <> bordü
bordures <> bordü
bore <> çap
bore <> belâ
bore <> bunal
bore <> can 
bore <> daral
bore <> delik
bore <> delme
bore <> dert
bore <> kabak
bore <> kafa
bore <> kalib
bore <> kuyu
bore <> oymak
bore <> oyuk
bore <> sıkıc
bore <> sıkın
bore <> sıkma
bore <> sonda
bore <> yükse
boreal <> kuzey
boreal <> poyra
boreas <> Borea
bored <> bıkkı
bored <> bunal
bored <> sıkıl
boredom <> bıkkı
boredom <> can
boredom <> can 
boredom <> sıkın
boredoms <> Bored
borehole <> sonda
boreholes <> sonda
borel <> Borel
borer <> delgi
borer <> kurt
borer <> matka
borers <> delic
bores <> delik
borghetto <> Borgh
boric <> borak
boric <> borik
borickite <> Borik
boride <> borür
borides <> borür
boring <> can 
boring <> delme
boring <> sıkıc
boringly <> sıkıc
boringness <> sıkıc
borings <> sonda
bork <> olmad
borken <> Borke
born <> doğmu
born <> doğum
borna <> Borna
borne <> dar 
borne <> doğmu
borne <> götür
borne <> kayna
borne <> taşın
borned <> anıms
borneo <> Borne
borning <> doğan
bornite <> borni
borns <> doğar
borohydride <> borhi
boron <> bor
boronic <> boron
borosilicate <> boros
borough <> ilçe
borough <> kasab
borough <> kaza
borough <> kent
boroughs <> ilçel
borracho <> Borra
borrachos <> Borra
borrel <> Borre
borrelia <> Borre
borrell <> Borre
borrow <> ödünç
borrow <> alınt
borrow <> almak
borrow <> borç
borrowable <> Ödünç
borrowed <> ödünç
borrower <> borç
borrower <> borçl
borrowers <> borçl
borrowing <> alınt
borrowing <> borç
borrowing <> borçl
borrowings <> borçl
borrows <> ödünç
bors <> Bors
borscht <> panca
borstal <> Borst
bosa <> Bosa
boses <> patro
bosh <> boş 
bosh <> saçma
bosh <> zırva
bosom <> bağır
bosom <> balko
bosom <> elbis
bosom <> göğüs
bosom <> koyun
bosom <> kucak
bosom <> merke
bosom <> orta
bosomed <> göğüs
bosoms <> göğüs
bosomy <> büyük
boson <> bozon
bosons <> bozon
bosporus <> Boğaz
bosquet <> Bosqu
boss <> şişli
boss <> işver
boss <> idare
boss <> kabar
boss <> otori
boss <> patro
boss <> yönet
bossanova <> Bossa
bossed <> bosaj
bosses <> patro
bossier <> Bossi
bossing <> çıkın
bossman <> Bossm
bossmen <> Bossm
bossy <> otori
bossy <> sözü
bossy <> sert
bosun <> lostr
bosun <> marin
bota <> BOTAŞ
botanic <> bitki
botanic <> botan
botanica <> Botan
botanical <> bitki
botanical <> botan
botanically <> botan
botanicals <> bitki
botanics <> botan
botanist <> bitki
botanist <> botan
botanists <> botan
botanize <> bitki
botanize <> incel
botany <> bitki
botany <> botan
botas <> BOTAŞ
botch <> becer
botch <> berba
botch <> bozma
botch <> kaba
botch <> yüzün
botch <> yama
botch <> yamal
botched <> berba
botcher <> kötü
botcher <> kaba
botchery <> kötü
botel <> Botel
both <> Her
both <> her 
both <> ikisi
bother <> üzülm
bother <> Allah
bother <> baş 
bother <> canın
bother <> can 
bother <> daral
bother <> dert
bother <> musal
bother <> rahat
bother <> sıkın
bother <> sıkma
bother <> sinir
bother <> takma
bother <> zahme
botheration <> dert
botheration <> hay 
botheration <> rahat
botheration <> sıkın
botheration <> tüh
bothered <> rahat
bothering <> rahat
bothers <> rahat
bothersome <> can
bothersome <> can 
bothersome <> tedir
bothriocephalus <> Bothr
boto <> Boto
bots <> botla
bottega <> Botte
bottle <> şişe
bottle <> şişel
bottle <> şişey
bottle <> biber
bottle <> içki
bottle <> kavan
bottled <> şişed
bottled <> şişel
bottled <> bastı
bottleneck <> dar 
bottleneck <> darbo
bottleneck <> tıkan
bottlenecking <> darbo
bottlenecks <> darbo
bottlenose <> şişe
bottleparty <> herke
bottler <> şişel
bottlers <> şişel
bottles <> şişel
bottletree <> Bottl
bottlewashers <> Bottl
bottling <> şişel
bottom <> alt
bottom <> altta
bottom <> dayan
bottom <> dip
bottom <> dip 
bottom <> dipte
bottom <> esası
bottom <> gemi
bottom <> kıç
bottom <> kayna
bottom <> tekne
bottom <> temel
bottomed <> dipli
bottomless <> altsı
bottomless <> anlaş
bottomless <> dipsi
bottomless <> esrar
bottomlessness <> dipsi
bottommost <> altta
bottoms <> diple
botulin <> botul
botulism <> botül
botulism <> gıda
boubou <> Boubo
bouches <> Bouch
boucle <> bukle
boudin <> budin
boudoir <> kadın
bouffant <> kabar
bougainvillea <> begon
bough <> ağaç
bough <> dal
boughs <> dalla
bought <> satın
bougie <> buji
bouillon <> Bouil
bouillons <> bulyo
boul <> Boul
boulangerite <> Bolan
boulder <> aşınm
boulder <> kaya
boulders <> kayal
bouldery <> iri
boulevard <> bulva
boulevard <> geniş
boulevards <> bulva
boulle <> Boull
boulter <> Boult
boun <> Boun
bounce <> övünm
bounce <> canlı
bounce <> dalma
bounce <> fırla
bounce <> giriv
bounce <> işten
bounce <> kovma
bounce <> marta
bounce <> palav
bounce <> sıçra
bounce <> sekme
bounce <> sekti
bounce <> sepet
bounce <> yükse
bounce <> zıpla
bouncer <> fedai
bouncer <> marta
bouncer <> palav
bouncer <> zıpla
bouncers <> fedai
bouncing <> güçlü
bouncing <> gürül
bouncing <> gürbü
bouncing <> harek
bouncing <> sıçra
bouncing <> sağlı
bouncing <> sağla
bound <> avut
bound <> bağlı
bound <> engel
bound <> fırla
bound <> gitme
bound <> kısıt
bound <> mecbu
bound <> neden
bound <> sıçra
bound <> sınır
bound <> sekip
bound <> sekme
bound <> yasak
bound <> yola
bound <> zıpla
bound <> zorun
boundaries <> Sınır
boundaries <> hudut
boundary <> had
boundary <> hudut
boundary <> limit
boundary <> sınır
bounded <> sınır
boundedness <> sınır
bounden <> yapıl
bounder <> aşağı
bounder <> sütü
bounding <> Sınır
boundless <> engin
boundless <> sınır
boundless <> sonsu
boundlessness <> engin
bounds <> sınır
bounteous <> bol
bounteous <> cömer
bounteous <> eli 
bountiful <> bol
bountiful <> cömer
bountiful <> eli 
bountifully <> bolca
bountifully <> cömer
bountifulness <> berek
bounty <> armağ
bounty <> bağış
bounty <> cömer
bounty <> hediy
bounty <> ikram
bounty <> prim
bouquet <> çiçek
bouquet <> övgü
bouquet <> şarap
bouquet <> buket
bouquet <> demet
bouquet <> deste
bouquet <> iltif
bouquet <> kompl
bouquets <> buket
bour <> Bour
bourbon <> burbo
bourbon <> mısır
bourbon <> muhaf
bourbons <> Bourb
bourdon <> Bourd
bourg <> Bourg
bourgeois <> burju
bourgeois <> dokuz
bourgeois <> kent
bourgeoise <> burju
bourgeoisie <> burju
bourgeoisie <> kent
bourgeoisies <> burju
bourguignon <> Bourg
bourn <> çay
bourn <> amaç
bourn <> dere
bourn <> diyar
bourn <> hedef
bourn <> memle
bourn <> sınır
bourn <> su
bourne <> çay
bourne <> amaç
bourne <> dere
bourne <> diyar
bourne <> hedef
bourne <> memle
bourne <> sınır
bourne <> su
bournonite <> Burno
bourse <> borsa
bourses <> borsa
boursier <> Bours
boussingaultite <> Bousi
bout <> bout
bout <> devre
bout <> kriz
bout <> müdde
bout <> müsab
bout <> nöbet
bout <> süre
bout <> yarış
bout <> zaman
boutique <> butik
boutiques <> butik
boutonne <> BOUTO
bouts <> nöbet
bouvier <> Bouvi
bouzouki <> buzuk
bovey <> Bovey
bovine <> ağır
bovine <> durgu
bovine <> sığır
bovine <> uyuşu
bovines <> Büyük
bow <> çekil
bow <> Londr
bow <> baş
bow <> başla
bow <> boyun
bow <> eğilm
bow <> eğmek
bow <> fiyon
bow <> gökku
bow <> kavis
bow <> pruva
bow <> rever
bow <> yay
bow <> yay 
bowdlerize <> ıslah
bowdlerize <> sansü
bowdlerize <> uygun
bowed <> eğdi
bowel <> bağır
bowels <> bağır
bowels <> iç
bowels <> iç 
bower <> çarda
bower <> özel
bower <> göz 
bower <> kamer
bowers <> çarda
bowery <> çiftl
bowes <> Bowes
bowfin <> BALIĞ
bowhead <> Grönl
bowing <> selam
bowknot <> ilmek
bowknot <> ilmik
bowl <> çanak
bowl <> çevir
bowl <> bovli
bowl <> dokuz
bowl <> kâse
bowl <> kadeh
bowl <> leğen
bowl <> stady
bowl <> tıkır
bowl <> tas
bowl <> top
bowl <> yolun
bowl <> yuvar
bowler <> top
bowler <> top 
bowlers <> Bowle
bowline <> borin
bowling <> bovli
bowling <> bowli
bowling <> dokuz
bowls <> çanak
bowman <> okçu
bowmen <> okçul
bows <> yay
bowsaw <> kolas
bowser <> Bowse
bowshot <> ok
bowshot <> ok 
bowstring <> iple
bowstring <> kiriş
bowtie <> papyo
bowwow <> Bowwo
bowyer <> Bowye
box <> şamar
box <> şimşi
box <> at 
box <> boks
box <> jüri
box <> kompa
box <> kulüb
box <> kutu
box <> kutul
box <> kutuy
box <> loca
box <> sandı
box <> telev
box <> teyp
box <> tokat
box <> yumru
boxcar <> furgo
boxcar <> yük
boxcar <> yük 
boxed <> kutul
boxer <> şort-
boxer <> boksö
boxer <> bokse
boxers <> boksö
boxes <> kutul
boxing <> boks
boxing <> kutul
boxing <> kutuy
boxkeeper <> loca
boxwood <> şimşi
boxwork <> Boksv
boxy <> köşel
boy <> delik
boy <> erkek
boy <> oğlan
boy <> oğul
boyard <> Boyar
boycott <> boyko
boycott <> diren
boycotted <> boyko
boycotting <> boyko
boycotts <> boyko
boyfriend <> erkek
boyhood <> çocuk
boyish <> çocuk
boyishness <> çocuk
boyla <> Boyla
boyles <> Boyle
boys <> erkek
bozo <> adam
bozo <> herif
bozzetto <> BOZZE
bra <> sutye
brabantine <> Braba
brace <> çift
brace <> bağ
brace <> bağla
brace <> canla
brace <> deste
brace <> güçle
brace <> iki
brace <> matka
brace <> neşel
brace <> panto
brace <> prasy
brace <> zinde
braced <> hazır
bracelet <> bilez
braceleted <> Bilez
bracelets <> bilez
bracelets <> kelep
bracer <> canla
bracer <> deste
bracer <> tonik
bracers <> Brace
braces <> Askı
braces <> panto
brachia <> Braki
brachial <> braki
brachial <> kol 
brachialis <> braki
brachiate <> dalla
brachiocephalic <> braki
brachiopod <> braki
brachiopoda <> Brach
brachiopods <> braki
brachioradial <> braki
brachioradialis <> braki
brachiosaurus <> Brach
brachycephalic <> braki
brachycephalic <> kısa
brachycephaly <> braki
brachycera <> Brach
brachytherapy <> braki
brachyura <> Brach
bracing <> canla
bracing <> deste
bracing <> kuvve
bracing <> temiz
bracing <> zinde
bracings <> Çapra
brack <> Brack
bracken <> eğrel
bracket <> aynı
bracket <> deste
bracket <> dirse
bracket <> hedef
bracket <> köşeb
bracket <> kadem
bracket <> makas
bracket <> paran
bracket <> raf
bracketed <> paran
bracketing <> brake
brackets <> paran
brackish <> acı
brackish <> tuzlu
bracks <> Brack
bract <> bürgü
bract <> brakt
brad <> başsı
brad <> brad
brad <> parke
bradleyite <> Bradl
brads <> sütye
bradshaw <> Brita
bradshaw <> Bulut
bradyarrhythmia <> Bradi
bradycardia <> bradi
bradycardic <> bradi
bradykinesia <> bradi
bradykinin <> bradi
brae <> bayır
braes <> bayır
braeside <> Braes
brag <> övüne
brag <> övünm
brag <> atıcı
brag <> böbür
brag <> yükse
braggadocio <> palav
braggart <> övüne
braggart <> atıcı
braggart <> böbür
braggart <> farfa
braggart <> kendi
braggart <> palav
bragged <> övünd
bragging <> övünm
bragging <> atma
bragging <> palav
braggite <> Bragi
brags <> övünü
brahma <> Brahm
brahmani <> Brahm
braid <> örgü
braid <> örmek
braid <> şerit
braid <> bağla
braid <> bant
braid <> kurde
braid <> saç 
braid <> tuttu
braided <> örgül
braided <> şerit
braiding <> örgü
braiding <> saç 
braids <> örgü
braille <> körle
brain <> akıl
brain <> beyin
brain <> beyni
brain <> kafa
brain <> kafal
brain <> zekâ
brain <> zeki
brainbox <> Brain
brainboxes <> Brain
brainchild <> buluş
brainchild <> parla
braindead <> Brain
brained <> beyin
brainfag <> zihin
brainless <> beyin
brainless <> kafas
brainpan <> kafat
brainpower <> beyin
brains <> beyin
brains <> kafa
brains <> zekâ
brainstem <> beyin
brainstorm <> anı 
brainstorm <> beyin
brainstorm <> cinne
brainstorm <> dâhiy
brainstorm <> parla
brainstormed <> beyin
brainstormer <> Brain
brainstorming <> Beyin
brainstorming <> yeni
brainstorms <> beyin
brainwash <> beyin
brainwashed <> yıkan
brainwasher <> Brain
brainwashing <> beyin
brainwave <> Brain
brainwaves <> beyin
brainy <> akıll
brainy <> zeki
braise <> kendi
braised <> kavur
braised <> kendi
braising <> salat
brake <> çalıl
brake <> büyük
brake <> fren
brake <> frenl
brake <> işlem
braked <> frenl
brakeman <> frenc
braker <> Brake
brakes <> frenl
brakesman <> frenc
braking <> frenl
braky <> çalıl
braless <> üstsü
braless <> sutye
brama <> Brama
bramble <> böğür
brambles <> temiz
brambly <> diken
bran <> kepek
branch <> çay
branch <> şube
branch <> branş
branch <> dal
branch <> dal 
branch <> dalla
branch <> dere
branch <> göbek
branch <> kol
branch <> kolla
branch <> sınıf
branch <> soy 
branch <> yayıl
branched <> dallı
branches <> şube
branchia <> solun
branchial <> brank
branchiate <> solun
branching <> dalla
branchings <> dalla
branchless <> dalsı
brand <> ayıp
brand <> buğda
brand <> dağla
brand <> damga
brand <> derin
brand <> işlem
brand <> kızgı
brand <> lekel
brand <> manta
brand <> marka
brand <> namus
brand <> nişan
brand <> tarz
brand <> usul
branded <> marka
brander <> Brand
branders <> marka
branding <> dağla
branding <> marka
brandish <> salla
brandish <> savur
brandling <> kırmı
brandling <> olta
brandlins <> Brand
brandname <> marka
brandnames <> Marka
brands <> marka
brandy <> brend
brandy <> konya
brandywine <> Brand
brannigan <> Brann
branning <> Brann
branny <> kepek
brant <> en
brant <> en 
bras <> sütye
brasero <> Brase
brases <> Brase
brash <> acele
brash <> atılg
brash <> küsta
brash <> kırık
brash <> sırna
brash <> saygı
brash <> yüzsü
brasher <> Brash
brashes <> Fırça
brass <> cüret
brass <> küsta
brass <> mangı
brass <> para
brass <> pirin
brass <> yükse
brassard <> kolça
brassard <> pazıb
brassed <> Brass
brasserie <> birah
brasserie <> biral
brasses <> Pirin
brassica <> Brass
brassicaceae <> Brass
brassicas <> brass
brassiere <> sutye
brassieres <> sutye
brassy <> arsız
brassy <> cırtl
brassy <> küsta
brassy <> pirin
brassy <> sırna
brassy <> yüzsü
brasted <> Brast
brat <> çocuk
brat <> velet
brat <> yumur
bratt <> devri
brattle <> Bratt
bratwurst <> Sosis
braunite <> braun
braunschweiger <> Braun
bravado <> cesar
bravado <> kabad
bravado <> kurus
bravado <> meyda
brave <> şahan
brave <> cesar
brave <> cesur
brave <> göğüs
brave <> görke
brave <> kızıl
brave <> kahra
brave <> mert
brave <> meyda
brave <> yürek
brave <> yiğit
braved <> Göğüs
bravely <> cesar
bravely <> cesur
bravely <> mertç
bravely <> yiğit
braveness <> yürek
braver <> cesur
bravery <> cesar
bravery <> görke
bravery <> ihtiş
bravery <> kahra
bravery <> mertl
bravery <> yiğit
bravest <> cesur
bravi <> Bravi
bravo <> aferi
bravo <> bravo
bravo <> cani
bravo <> kiral
bravo <> suikâ
bravoite <> Bravo
bravos <> Bravo
bravura <> çalma
bravura <> marif
braw <> Braw
brawl <> gürül
brawl <> hırgü
brawl <> kavga
brawl <> tartı
brawler <> kavga
brawling <> bağır
brawling <> huzur
brawling <> kavga
brawls <> kavga
brawn <> geliş
brawn <> haşla
brawn <> kas
brawn <> kas 
brawny <> güçlü
brawny <> kaslı
bray <> anırı
bray <> anırm
bray <> dövme
bray <> ezmek
bray <> kulak
braying <> anırm
brays <> BREYS
braze <> pirin
brazen <> maden
brazen <> pirin
brazenfaced <> pişki
brazenfaced <> utanm
brazenfaced <> yüzsü
brazenly <> pişki
brazier <> maltı
brazier <> manga
brazier <> pirin
braziers <> manga
brazil <> Brezi
brazil <> kızıl
brazilwood <> bakka
brazilwood <> kızıl
brazing <> lehim
breach <> çiğne
breach <> bozma
breach <> bozul
breach <> dalga
breach <> gedik
breach <> ihlal
breach <> kırma
breach <> uymam
breach <> yarık
breach <> yarma
breached <> gedik
breached <> ihlal
breaches <> ihlal
breaching <> ihlal
bread <> ekmek
bread <> geçim
bread <> mangı
bread <> pane
bread <> para
breadbaskets <> Ekmek
breadboarding <> bread
breadboards <> Bread
breadcrumb <> kırın
breadcrumbs <> kırın
breaded <> kotle
breadfruit <> ekmek
breadmaker <> Ekmek
breadmaking <> ekmek
breadman <> BREAD
breads <> ekmek
breadstuff <> Ekmek
breadth <> düşün
breadth <> en
breadth <> geniş
breadth <> liber
breadth <> mesaf
breadth <> saha
breadth <> uzakl
breadthways <> enine
breadthwise <> enine
breadwinner <> geçim
break <> çözme
break <> çatla
break <> çiğne
break <> ağarm
break <> ani 
break <> ara
break <> ara 
break <> batır
break <> batma
break <> bozdu
break <> bozma
break <> dalma
break <> fırla
break <> fırsa
break <> firar
break <> fren
break <> gaf
break <> iflas
break <> ihlal
break <> kırık
break <> kırıl
break <> kırma
break <> kaçma
break <> kesme
break <> kopar
break <> kopma
break <> mola
break <> parça
break <> patla
break <> pot
break <> söyle
break <> solo
break <> tenef
break <> uymam
break <> yakın
break <> yenme
breakable <> bozul
breakable <> ehlil
breakable <> kırıl
breakable <> sürül
breakage <> kırık
breakage <> kırıl
breakage <> kırma
breakages <> kırıl
breakaway <> çekil
breakaway <> ayrıl
breakdancer <> Break
breakdancing <> break
breakdown <> çökün
breakdown <> anali
breakdown <> arıza
breakdown <> bozul
breakdown <> sağlı
breakdown <> tutuk
breakdowns <> döküm
breaked <> Kırıl
breaker <> dev 
breaker <> kırıc
breaker <> kıran
breaker <> manca
breakers <> kesic
breakeven <> başab
breakfast <> kahva
breakfasts <> kahva
breaking <> bozma
breaking <> kırıl
breaking <> kırma
breaking <> meske
breaking <> zorla
breakings <> kırıl
breakneck <> aşırı
breakneck <> tehli
breakout <> firar
breakout <> hapis
breakout <> toplu
breakpoints <> Kesme
breaks <> tatil
breakthrough <> buluş
breakthrough <> cephe
breakthroughs <> devri
breakup <> çöküş
breakup <> ayrıl
breakup <> bozul
breakup <> dağıl
breakup <> parça
breakwater <> dalga
breakwaters <> mendi
bream <> çapak
bream <> bir 
bream <> karin
breast <> göğüs
breast <> meme
breast <> yürek
breastbone <> göğüs
breasted <> göğüs
breastfed <> anne
breastfeed <> emzir
breastfeed <> meme
breastfeeding <> Emzir
breastmilk <> anne
breastpin <> krava
breastplate <> zırh
breasts <> memel
breaststroke <> kurba
breastwork <> göğüs
breath <> ağızd
breath <> esint
breath <> fısıl
breath <> nefes
breath <> soluk
breathability <> solun
breathable <> nefes
breathalysed <> breat
breathalyser <> alkol
breathe <> esmek
breathe <> fısıl
breathe <> ifade
breathe <> nefes
breathe <> solum
breathed <> nefes
breather <> ara
breather <> mola
breathes <> nefes
breathing <> bir 
breathing <> nefes
breathing <> soluk
breathing <> solum
breathless <> nefes
breathlessly <> nefes
breathlessness <> nefes
breaths <> nefes
breathtaking <> heyec
breathtaking <> nefes
breathtaking <> olağa
breathtakingly <> nefes
breccia <> breş
breccias <> breşl
brecciated <> breşi
brecciation <> breşl
brede <> Brede
breech <> arka
breech <> kıç
breech <> kuyru
breech <> popo
breeches <> panto
breeching <> açığı
breed <> çiftl
breed <> çoğal
breed <> üretm
breed <> besle
breed <> cins
breed <> doğur
breed <> nesil
breed <> soy
breed <> tür
breed <> yavru
breed <> yetiş
breede <> Breed
breeder <> ürete
breeder <> üreti
breeder <> üreye
breeder <> hayva
breeders <> damız
breeding <> üreme
breeding <> üretm
breeding <> doğur
breeding <> görgü
breeding <> terbi
breeding <> yetiş
breeds <> doğur
brees <> Brees
breese <> Brees
breeze <> çocuk
breeze <> coşar
breeze <> dalıv
breeze <> esint
breeze <> hafif
breeze <> kömür
breeze <> melte
breeze <> rüzgâ
breeze <> tartı
breezes <> melte
breezeway <> Breez
breezing <> Breez
breezy <> şen
breezy <> cıvıl
breezy <> canlı
breezy <> esint
breezy <> neşel
breezy <> rüzgâ
brehon <> Breho
brei <> Brei
breithauptite <> Breyi
bren <> Bren
brenne <> Brenn
brethren <> karde
brethren <> tarik
breton <> Breto
breunnerite <> Brüne
brevet <> terfi
breviary <> katol
brevity <> özlük
brevity <> kısal
brew <> demle
brew <> gizli
brew <> mayal
brew <> patla
brewed <> demle
brewer <> birac
breweries <> bira
brewers <> bira
brewery <> bira
brewing <> Demle
brews <> Brews
brewster <> Brews
briar <> çalı
briar <> diken
briar <> funda
briar <> süpür
briar <> yaban
briarwood <> Briar
bribable <> rüşve
bribable <> satın
bribe <> ayart
bribe <> para
bribe <> rüşve
bribed <> rüşve
briber <> para
briber <> rüşve
bribery <> rüşve
bribes <> rüşve
bribetaker <> rüşve
bribing <> rüşve
brick <> iyi 
brick <> tuğla
brickbat <> tuğla
bricker <> Brick
bricklayer <> duvar
bricklayers <> tuğla
bricks <> tuğla
brickwall <> Brick
brickwork <> tuğla
brickworks <> Tuğla
brickyard <> Brick
bricolage <> briko
bridal <> düğün
bridal <> gelin
bridals <> Düğün
bride <> gelin
bridecake <> düğün
bridegroom <> damat
bridegroom <> güvey
brides <> gelin
bridesmaid <> gelin
bridesmaid <> nedim
bridesmaids <> nedim
bridesman <> sağdı
bridewell <> ıslah
bridge <> briç
bridge <> köprü
bridgeable <> köprü
bridged <> köprü
bridgehead <> köprü
bridgeheads <> köprü
bridgeman <> Bridg
bridger <> Bridg
bridgers <> Bridg
bridges <> köprü
bridgework <> köprü
bridging <> köprü
bridie <> Bridi
bridle <> başka
bridle <> dizgi
bridle <> frenl
bridle <> gem
bridle <> gem 
bridle <> karşı
bridle <> yular
bridle <> zapte
bridles <> Kolon
brie <> Brie
brief <> özet
brief <> özetl
brief <> özlü
brief <> avuka
brief <> belge
brief <> dava
brief <> evrak
brief <> kısa
brief <> talim
briefcase <> çanta
briefcase <> evrak
briefcases <> evrak
briefed <> brifi
briefest <> kısac
briefing <> avuka
briefing <> brifi
briefing <> kısa
briefings <> brifi
briefless <> müşte
briefly <> kısac
briefness <> özlük
briefness <> kısal
briefs <> bikin
briefs <> don
briefs <> külot
brier <> çalı
brier <> diken
brier <> funda
brier <> süpür
brier <> yaban
briery <> funda
brig <> asker
brig <> brik
brig <> iki 
brigade <> ekip
brigade <> takım
brigade <> tugay
brigades <> tugay
brigadier <> tuğ
brigadier <> tuğba
brigadier <> tuğge
brigand <> çetec
brigand <> eşkıy
brigand <> haydu
brigandage <> haydu
brigands <> eşkıy
brigantine <> Briga
bright <> ışılt
bright <> şanlı
bright <> aydın
bright <> berra
bright <> canlı
bright <> görke
bright <> neşel
bright <> parla
bright <> zeki
brighten <> aklam
brighten <> aydın
brighten <> canla
brighten <> neşel
brighten <> parla
brightened <> aydın
brightener <> parla
brighteners <> parla
brightening <> parla
brightens <> aydın
brighter <> parla
brightest <> parla
brightly <> ışıl
brightly <> aydın
brightly <> canlı
brightly <> parla
brightness <> canlı
brightness <> görke
brightness <> ihtiş
brightness <> neşe
brightness <> parla
brights <> ve
brightwork <> parla
brigues <> BRIGU
brillance <> parla
brilliance <> görke
brilliance <> parla
brilliancy <> görke
brilliancy <> parla
brilliant <> üç 
brilliant <> ışıl
brilliant <> berra
brilliant <> görke
brilliant <> keski
brilliant <> pırla
brilliant <> parla
brilliant <> zeki
brilliantine <> alpak
brilliantine <> briya
brilliantly <> ışıl
brilliants <> pırla
brim <> şapka
brim <> ağız
brim <> ağzın
brim <> kenar
brimful <> ağzın
brimmed <> kenar
brimmed <> siper
brimming <> trimm
brimstone <> kükür
brimstone <> sarı
brindled <> çizgi
brindled <> benek
brine <> deniz
brine <> okyan
brine <> salam
brine <> tuzlu
brined <> salam
brines <> çözel
bring <> getir
bring <> ikna
bring <> kazan
bring <> neden
bring <> razı
bring <> verme
bringed <> getir
bringer <> Bring
bringers <> Getir
bringeth <> verir
bringing <> getir
brings <> getir
brink <> ağız
brink <> eşiği
brink <> eşik
brink <> kıyı
brink <> kenar
brinkman <> Brink
brinkmanship <> amacı
brinks <> BRINK
briny <> çok
briny <> çok 
briny <> salam
brio <> canlı
brio <> heves
brioche <> tatlı
brioches <> çörek
briony <> Brion
briquet <> brike
briquette <> brike
briquetted <> brike
briquettes <> brike
briquetting <> brike
bris <> Bris
brise <> Brise
brisk <> çevik
brisk <> canlı
brisk <> canla
brisk <> enerj
brisk <> harek
brisk <> sert
brisket <> döş
brisket <> göğüs
brisling <> çaçab
brisling <> ringa
bristle <> diken
bristle <> dolu
bristle <> domuz
bristle <> kıl
bristle <> sert
bristled <> kıllı
bristles <> kılla
bristling <> çaçab
bristling <> ringa
bristly <> öfkel
bristly <> idare
bristly <> kılım
bristly <> kıl 
bristly <> kıllı
bristly <> sinir
brit <> İngil
brit <> Brita
brits <> Brits
brittle <> gevre
brittle <> hassa
brittle <> ince
brittle <> kırıl
brittle <> kıtır
brittle <> kolay
brittle <> nazik
brittlely <> gevre
brittleness <> gevre
brize <> Brize
broach <> şiş
broach <> açmak
broach <> delgi
broach <> delme
broach <> ileri
broach <> matka
broaches <> edini
broaching <> delme
broad <> açık
broad <> aksan
broad <> ana
broad <> belli
broad <> enli
broad <> esas
broad <> göze
broad <> genel
broad <> geniş
broad <> hoşgö
broad <> kadın
broad <> karı
broad <> terbi
broad <> yaygı
broadacre <> Broad
broadband <> geniş
broadbill <> Broad
broadcast <> duyur
broadcast <> ekmek
broadcast <> radyo
broadcast <> saçma
broadcast <> yayım
broadcast <> yayın
broadcast <> yayma
broadcasted <> yayın
broadcaster <> tohum
broadcaster <> yayım
broadcaster <> yayın
broadcasters <> yayın
broadcasting <> radyo
broadcasting <> yayın
broadcastings <> yayın
broadcasts <> yayın
broadcloth <> çuha
broadcloth <> ince
broaden <> geniş
broadened <> geniş
broadening <> geniş
broadens <> geniş
broader <> daha
broadest <> geniş
broadhead <> Broad
broadleaf <> geniş
broadleaved <> yapra
broadloom <> duvar
broadly <> açık
broadly <> belli
broadly <> enli
broadly <> geniş
broadminded <> açık
broadminded <> başka
broadminded <> geniş
broadmindedness <> geniş
broadness <> geniş
broadsheet <> büyük
broadsheet <> dosya
broadside <> borda
broadside <> dil 
broadside <> sözle
broadsword <> pala
brobdingnagian <> Brobd
brocade <> broka
brocade <> sırma
brocades <> broka
brocard <> Broca
broccoli <> broko
broch <> Broch
brochure <> broşü
brochure <> kitap
brochures <> broşü
brocket <> iki
brocket <> iki 
brocoli <> broko
brod <> Brod
brog <> Brog
brogan <> Broga
brogans <> Broga
brogue <> İrlan
brogue <> aksan
brogue <> kaba
broil <> çok 
broil <> ızgar
broil <> karga
broil <> kavga
broil <> kavru
broil <> tartı
broil <> yanma
broiler <> çok 
broiler <> ızgar
broiler <> broil
broiler <> kavga
broiler <> tava
broilers <> broyl
broiling <> kavur
broke <> beş 
broke <> cebi
broke <> iflas
broke <> kırdı
broke <> metel
broke <> züğür
broken <> çökmü
broken <> çiğne
broken <> arıza
broken <> bozuk
broken <> ihlâl
broken <> kırık
broken <> kırıl
broken <> kesik
broken <> parça
broken <> yıkıl
brokenhearted <> kalbi
brokenly <> kırık
brokenly <> kesik
brokenly <> parça
broker <> komis
broker <> simsa
broker <> tefec
broker <> tella
brokerage <> komis
brokered <> aracı
brokering <> aracı
brokers <> broke
brokership <> broke
broking <> broke
brolly <> şemsi
broma <> Broma
bromate <> broma
brome <> Brome
bromegrass <> kılçı
bromelia <> Brome
bromelin <> Brome
bromid <> Bromi
bromide <> beyli
bromide <> bromü
bromide <> bromi
bromide <> sıkıc
bromide <> sırad
bromides <> bromü
brominate <> bromi
brominated <> broml
bromine <> brom
bromlite <> Broml
bromocriptine <> bromo
bromoviridae <> Bromo
bromyrite <> Bromi
bronc <> Malig
bronchi <> bronş
bronchia <> bronş
bronchial <> bronş
bronchiectasia <> bronş
bronchiectasis <> bronş
bronchiectatic <> Bronş
bronchiolar <> Bronş
bronchiole <> bronş
bronchioles <> bronş
bronchiolitis <> bronş
bronchitis <> bronş
broncho <> bronk
bronchoalveolar <> bronk
bronchobiliary <> bronk
bronchocentric <> bronk
bronchoconstriction <> bronk
bronchodilatation <> Bronk
bronchodilation <> bronk
bronchodilator <> bronk
bronchodilators <> bronk
bronchoesophageal <> bronk
bronchogenic <> bronk
bronchogram <> bronk
bronchopathies <> bronk
bronchopleural <> bronk
bronchopneumonia <> bronk
bronchopulmonary <> bronk
bronchoscope <> bronk
bronchoscopes <> Bronk
bronchoscopic <> bronk
bronchoscopically <> bronk
bronchoscopies <> bronk
bronchoscopist <> bronk
bronchoscopy <> bronk
bronchospasm <> bronk
bronchospasms <> bronk
bronchospastic <> bronk
bronchotomy <> bronk
bronchus <> bronş
bronco <> vahşi
broncos <> Bronc
brontosaurus <> Bront
bronze <> bronz
bronze <> tunç
bronzed <> bronz
bronzed <> güneş
bronzer <> bronz
bronzers <> bronz
bronzes <> bronz
bronzing <> bronz
bronzite <> Bronz
brooch <> broş
brooch <> iğne
brooches <> broş
brood <> çoluk
brood <> üzeri
brood <> aile
brood <> arpac
brood <> bir 
brood <> civci
brood <> damız
brood <> kara
brood <> kuluç
brooder <> arpac
brooder <> kara
brooder <> kuluç
broods <> damız
broody <> düşün
broody <> kara
broody <> kuluç
brook <> çay
brook <> çekme
brook <> ırmak
brook <> dayan
brook <> dere
brook <> kaldı
brook <> katla
brooking <> Brook
brookite <> Broki
brookline <> Brook
brooks <> Brook
brookside <> Brook
broom <> katır
broom <> süpür
broomrape <> oroba
brooms <> süpür
broomstick <> süpür
broomsticks <> süpür
brose <> Brose
broth <> et
broth <> et 
brothel <> genel
brothels <> genel
brother <> arkad
brother <> birad
brother <> dost
brother <> erkek
brother <> karde
brother <> tarik
brother <> vay 
brotherhood <> birli
brotherhood <> karde
brotherhoods <> tarik
brothering <> eskis
brotherly <> karde
brothers <> karde
brothership <> karde
brougham <> elekt
brougham <> kupa
brought <> getir
brow <> alın
brow <> kaş
brow <> kenar
brow <> yamaç
browbeat <> gözün
browbeat <> ters
browbeat <> yıldı
browed <> kaşlı
browlift <> kaş
brown <> kızar
brown <> kahve
brown <> karam
brownback <> Brown
browned <> usanm
brownian <> Brown
brownie <> çikol
brownie <> gizli
brownie <> izci
brownie <> kuşüz
brownies <> kekle
browning <> brown
browning <> esmer
brownings <> Brown
brownish <> kahve
brownouts <> rahat
browns <> kahve
brownshirt <> Nazi
brownshirt <> faşis
brownstone <> kumta
brownstone <> varlı
brows <> kaşla
browsable <> gözat
browse <> gözde
browse <> otlam
browse <> taram
browse <> yapra
browsed <> göz
browser <> taray
browsers <> taray
browses <> gözat
browsing <> Taram
browsing <> karış
browsing <> otlam
brucella <> bruse
brucellosis <> bruse
brucite <> Brusi
brugnatellite <> Brugn
bruin <> ayı
bruise <> çürük
bruise <> bere
bruise <> berel
bruise <> dövme
bruise <> ezik
bruise <> hırpa
bruise <> vurma
bruise <> yara
bruise <> yaral
bruise <> zedel
bruised <> berel
bruiser <> boksö
bruiser <> kaba
bruisers <> Bruis
bruises <> morlu
bruising <> morar
bruit <> şayia
bruit <> etraf
brule <> Brule
brumaire <> Bruma
brumby <> Brumb
brume <> Brume
brummagem <> Birmi
brummagem <> göste
brunch <> branç
brunch <> brunc
brunches <> cay
brunet <> Brune
brunette <> esmer
bruns <> Bruns
brunt <> çarpm
brunt <> darbe
brush <> çatış
brush <> değme
brush <> fırça
brush <> hafif
brush <> kuyru
brush <> ressa
brush <> süpür
brush <> sürtü
brush <> sıyır
brushable <> Fırça
brushcutting <> Çalıl
brushed <> fırça
brushes <> fırça
brushfire <> Brush
brushing <> çöp
brushing <> fırça
brushing <> süprü
brushings <> fırça
brushite <> Bruşi
brushland <> funda
brushless <> fırça
brushless <> kuyru
brushoff <> kovma
brushoff <> redde
brushstrokes <> Fırça
brushwood <> çalı
brushwood <> çalıl
brushwood <> çerçö
brushwood <> funda
brusque <> düşün
brusque <> kaba
brusque <> nezak
brusqueness <> kabal
brusqueness <> nezak
brussels <> Brüks
brutal <> şidde
brutal <> acıma
brutal <> gadda
brutal <> kaba
brutal <> sert
brutal <> vahşi
brutal <> yaban
brutal <> yontu
brutal <> zalim
brutalised <> zalim
brutalising <> bruta
brutalist <> bruta
brutalities <> vahşe
brutality <> gadda
brutality <> vahşe
brutality <> vahşi
brutalize <> gadda
brutalize <> merha
brutalize <> vahşi
brutalized <> zalim
brutalizes <> vahşi
brutally <> vahşi
brute <> canav
brute <> hayva
brute <> vahşi
brute <> yaban
brutes <> zeban
brutish <> hayva
brutish <> kaba
brutish <> yaban
brutishness <> vahşi
brutishness <> yaban
bruxing <> bruks
bruxism <> bruks
bryon <> Bryon
bryony <> şeyta
bryophyte <> biryo
bryophytes <> briyo
bryozoan <> bryoz
bryozoans <> bryoz
brythonic <> Galle
buat <> BUAT
bubble <> balon
bubble <> boş 
bubble <> fokur
bubble <> göz 
bubble <> hava
bubble <> hayal
bubble <> köpür
bubble <> kabar
bubblers <> Bubbl
bubbles <> kabar
bubblesort <> kabar
bubbling <> fokur
bubbling <> köpür
bubbling <> kabar
bubbly <> kabar
bubinga <> Bubin
bubo <> hıyar
bubonic <> hıyar
buccal <> bukka
buccally <> bukka
buccaneer <> korsa
buccaneers <> Bucca
bucephalus <> Bucep
buchu <> Buchu
buck <> antil
buck <> buck
buck <> dolar
buck <> erkek
buck <> itaat
buck <> itira
buck <> karşı
buck <> papel
buck <> poker
buck <> sıçra
buck <> sorum
buck <> züppe
buck <> zenci
buckaroo <> Bucka
bucked <> keyif
bucked <> neşel
bucket <> barda
bucket <> dörtn
bucket <> kova
bucket <> kovay
bucket <> tulum
bucketful <> kova
buckets <> koval
buckeye <> Ohio'
buckeye <> atkes
buckeyes <> atkes
buckhorn <> geyik
buckhound <> geyik
buckie <> Bucki
buckjumper <> binic
buckle <> bükme
buckle <> boyun
buckle <> eğilm
buckle <> eğmek
buckle <> ilişt
buckle <> kopça
buckle <> toka
buckle <> yenil
buckler <> kalka
bucklers <> Buckl
buckles <> tokal
buckling <> burul
buckling <> isli
buckminsterfullerene <> Bukmi
buckram <> çiriş
buckram <> tela
buckram <> yapma
bucks <> dolar
bucksaw <> çerçe
buckshot <> iri
buckshot <> iri 
buckskin <> güder
buckthorn <> akdik
buckthorn <> cehri
buckthorn <> topal
bucktooth <> dışar
buckwheat <> Arap
buckwheat <> karab
bucolic <> çiftç
bucolic <> çoban
bucolic <> kır 
bucolic <> pasto
bud <> aşıla
bud <> ahbap
bud <> arkad
bud <> filiz
bud <> geliş
bud <> gonca
bud <> kafad
bud <> sürgü
bud <> tomur
buddha <> Buda
buddhas <> Buda
buddies <> Arkad
budding <> geliş
budding <> mesle
budding <> tomur
buddle <> Buddl
buddy <> ahbap
buddy <> arkad
buddy <> kafad
buddy <> karde
budesonide <> budes
budge <> harek
budge <> kımıl
budge <> oynam
budge <> oynat
budge <> yerin
budgerigar <> muhab
budgerigars <> muhab
budget <> ayarl
budget <> bütçe
budget <> mali
budget <> stok
budget <> yığın
budgetary <> bütçe
budgeted <> bütçe
budgeting <> bütçe
budgets <> bütçe
budgie <> muhab
budgies <> muhab
budging <> inat
budos <> Budos
buds <> tomur
buehler <> Buehl
buff <> öküz
buff <> buff
buff <> devet
buff <> hasta
buff <> merak
buff <> ten 
buffalo <> amfib
buffalo <> bizon
buffalo <> gözda
buffalo <> karas
buffaloes <> manda
buffalos <> manda
buffed <> Pürüz
buffel <> Buffe
buffer <> korum
buffer <> tampo
buffered <> tampo
buffering <> tampo
buffers <> tampo
buffet <> açık
buffet <> büfe
buffet <> boğuş
buffet <> mücâd
buffet <> sarsm
buffet <> sille
buffet <> tokat
buffet <> yumru
buffets <> büfel
buffing <> polis
buffo <> Buffo
buffoon <> şakac
buffoon <> şakla
buffoon <> dalga
buffoon <> maska
buffoon <> muzip
buffoon <> palya
buffoon <> soyta
buffoonery <> maska
buffoonery <> soyta
buffs <> merak
bufo <> Bufo
bufonidae <> Bufon
bug <> böcek
bug <> can 
bug <> delil
bug <> dinle
bug <> gizli
bug <> kızdı
bug <> merak
bug <> tahta
bug <> tutku
bugaboo <> öcü
bugaboo <> umacı
bugaboo <> yersi
bugbear <> öcü
bugbear <> umacı
bugbear <> yersi
bugdom <> Bugdo
bugfixes <> onarı
bugged <> Bugge
bugger <> öfkel
bugger <> Allah
bugger <> alçak
bugger <> bozma
bugger <> herif
bugger <> kahro
bugger <> kulam
bugger <> mahve
bugger <> oğlan
bugger <> sinir
bugger <> tip
buggery <> kulum
buggery <> oğlan
buggies <> araba
buggiest <> üşüşm
buggin <> Buggi
bugging <> adamc
buggy <> çocuk
buggy <> akıls
buggy <> böcek
buggy <> buggy
buggy <> delic
buggy <> iki 
bughouse <> acayi
bughouse <> akıl
bughouse <> akıls
bughouse <> delic
bughouse <> tımar
bugle <> boraz
bugle <> boru
bugler <> boru
bugs <> böcek
buhl <> kakma
build <> örmek
build <> bel 
build <> güven
build <> inşa
build <> inşaa
build <> kümel
build <> kurma
build <> topla
build <> vücut
build <> yapı
build <> yapma
build <> yarad
builded <> inşaa
builder <> inşaa
builder <> kuran
builder <> kuruc
builder <> mütea
builder <> mimar
builder <> oluşt
builder <> yarat
builders <> inşaa
building <> apart
building <> bina
building <> inşa
building <> inşaa
building <> kurma
building <> yapı
buildings <> binal
buildings <> site
builds <> kurar
buildup <> birik
buildups <> yığın
built <> inşa
built <> yapıl
buke <> Buke
bulb <> çiçek
bulb <> şişer
bulb <> ampul
bulb <> lâmba
bulb <> soğan
bulbar <> bulbe
bulbed <> soğan
bulbitis <> bulbi
bulbocavernosus <> Bulbo
bulbous <> soğan
bulbs <> ampul
bulbul <> bülbü
bulge <> çıkın
bulge <> şiş
bulge <> şişki
bulge <> şişme
bulge <> esnem
bulge <> fazla
bulge <> geçic
bulge <> pörtl
bulge <> tümse
bulged <> şişti
bulger <> Bulge
bulges <> çıkın
bulghur <> bulgu
bulging <> şişki
bulging <> kabar
bulimic <> bulim
bulk <> çoğun
bulk <> öneml
bulk <> şişir
bulk <> şişme
bulk <> büyüm
bulk <> boy
bulk <> cüsse
bulk <> eşya
bulk <> ekser
bulk <> hacim
bulk <> kütle
bulk <> topta
bulk <> yük
bulk <> yığın
bulked <> Hacim
bulkhead <> gemi
bulkheads <> perde
bulkier <> hanta
bulking <> şişir
bulky <> büyük
bulky <> hanta
bulky <> iri
bulky <> kocam
bull <> Öküz
bull <> Boğa
bull <> aptal
bull <> aynas
bull <> boğa
bull <> erkek
bull <> gaf
bull <> hisse
bull <> kafas
bull <> kocam
bull <> papan
bull <> piyas
bull <> polis
bull <> spekü
bull <> zırva
bullae <> bül
bulldog <> büyük
bulldog <> buldo
bulldog <> yiğit
bulldoze <> buldo
bulldoze <> gözda
bulldoze <> korku
bulldozed <> buldo
bulldozer <> buldo
bulldozer <> kabad
bulldozers <> buldo
bulldozing <> buldo
bullectomy <> bülle
bullen <> Bulle
buller <> Bulle
bullet <> kurşu
bullet <> mermi
bulleted <> Madde
bulletin <> bülte
bulletin <> bildi
bulletin <> dergi
bulletin <> duyur
bulletin <> haber
bulleting <> bülte
bulletins <> bülte
bulletproof <> kurşu
bullets <> mermi
bullfight <> boğa
bullfighter <> boğa
bullfighting <> boğa
bullfights <> boğa
bullfinch <> çalıd
bullfinch <> şakra
bullfrog <> Bullf
bullhead <> Bullh
bullheaded <> inatç
bullheaded <> kendi
bullhorn <> boraz
bullied <> zorba
bullies <> zorba
bulling <> Bulli
bullion <> külçe
bullish <> boğa
bullish <> yükse
bullmastiff <> Bullm
bullnose <> Bulln
bullock <> öküz
bullock <> iğdiş
bullon <> Bullo
bullosa <> büllo
bullous <> büllö
bullpup <> Bullp
bullring <> arena
bullring <> boğa
bulls <> Boğa
bullshit <> boş 
bullshit <> bok
bullshit <> saçma
bullshit <> zırva
bullshits <> saçma
bullshitter <> saçma
bullterrier <> bulte
bullwhip <> kamçı
bully <> çok 
bully <> aferi
bully <> belâl
bully <> bravo
bully <> hücum
bully <> harik
bully <> kabad
bully <> kiral
bully <> mükem
bully <> zorba
bully <> zorla
bully <> zulme
bullying <> zorba
bullyrag <> eşek
bullyrag <> el 
bulrush <> hasır
bulrush <> kamış
bulrush <> saz
bulrush <> saz,
bulwark <> istih
bulwark <> küpeş
bulwark <> kale
bulwark <> parap
bulwark <> siper
bulwark <> sur
bulwarks <> küpeş
bum <> anafo
bum <> aylak
bum <> beş 
bum <> berba
bum <> bozuk
bum <> dilen
bum <> fahiş
bum <> göt
bum <> kıç
bum <> kaba
bum <> otlak
bum <> popo
bum <> serse
bumbershoot <> Bumbe
bumble <> mırıl
bumblebee <> hezen
bumblebee <> tüylü
bumblebee <> yaban
bumblebees <> bombu
bumbledom <> önems
bumblefoot <> Bumbl
bumbles <> Bumbl
bumbo <> Bumbo
bumf <> okunm
bummer <> aylak
bummer <> otlak
bummer <> serse
bump <> çarpı
bump <> çarpm
bump <> bindi
bump <> darbe
bump <> küt
bump <> sarsı
bump <> tümse
bump <> tosla
bump <> uçağı
bump <> yumru
bumped <> çarpt
bumper <> ağzın
bumper <> berek
bumper <> mahmu
bumper <> tampo
bumpers <> tampo
bumping <> darbe
bumpkin <> ahmak
bumpkin <> danga
bumpkin <> hödük
bumps <> diken
bumptious <> kendi
bumptious <> kibir
bumptious <> ukalâ
bumpy <> engeb
bumpy <> inişl
bumpy <> sarsı
bumpy <> tümse
bums <> Serse
bumsucker <> dalka
bumsucker <> kıç 
bun <> çörek
bun <> tavşa
bun <> top
bun <> topuz
buna <> melek
bunce <> Bunce
bunch <> çete
bunch <> demet
bunch <> derme
bunch <> deste
bunch <> grup
bunch <> heven
bunch <> kırış
bunch <> salkı
bunch <> takım
bunch <> topla
bunched <> demet
buncher <> Bunch
bunches <> demet
bunching <> demet
bunchy <> demet
bunchy <> kabar
bunco <> dolan
bunco <> kazık
bunded <> Muhaf
bunder <> Bünde
bunding <> olduğ
bundle <> çıkın
bundle <> çok 
bundle <> acele
bundle <> bohça
bundle <> demet
bundle <> deste
bundle <> kunda
bundle <> sarma
bundle <> sepet
bundle <> tomar
bundle <> yığın
bundled <> birli
bundles <> demet
bundling <> donat
bunds <> setle
bung <> fıçı
bung <> fırla
bung <> savur
bung <> tıkaç
bung <> tıkam
bung <> tıpa
bung <> tıpal
bungalow <> bunga
bungalow <> tek 
bungalows <> bunga
bunged <> tıkal
bunghole <> fıçı
bunghole <> tıpal
bungie <> Bungi
bunging <> tıpal
bungle <> acemi
bungle <> becer
bungle <> berba
bungle <> karış
bungle <> yüzün
bungler <> acemi
bungler <> becer
bungling <> acemi
bungling <> becer
bungo <> Bungo
bungs <> Tapal
bunion <> bunyo
bunion <> iltih
bunion <> yangı
bunionectomy <> Bunyo
bunions <> Bunio
bunk <> asmak
bunk <> kaçma
bunk <> palav
bunk <> ranza
bunk <> sıvış
bunk <> saçma
bunk <> tüyme
bunk <> taban
bunk <> yatak
bunk <> zırva
bunker <> golft
bunker <> sığın
bunker <> yakıt
bunkered <> golft
bunkering <> Bunke
bunkers <> bunke
bunkhouse <> Bunkh
bunko <> Bunko
bunkum <> boş 
bunkum <> palav
bunkum <> saçma
bunkum <> zırva
bunky <> Bunky
bunn <> Bunn
bunny <> kız
bunny <> tavşa
buns <> çörek
bunsen <> Bunse
bunsenite <> Bunse
bunt <> topa
bunt <> tos
bunt <> tos 
bunter <> Bunte
bunting <> bayra
bunting <> bebek
bunting <> kiraz
bunty <> Bunty
buoy <> şaman
buoy <> deste
buoy <> su 
buoy <> yüzdü
buoyancy <> canlı
buoyancy <> neşe
buoyancy <> suya
buoyant <> batma
buoyant <> kaygı
buoyant <> neşel
buoyant <> yükse
buoyant <> yüzen
buoyed <> şaman
buoys <> şaman
bupivacaine <> bupiv
buppies <> Buppi
buprenorphine <> bupre
buprestidae <> Bupre
bur <> diken
bura <> Bura
buran <> Buran
burble <> fıkır
burble <> kanad
burble <> mırıl
burbot <> morin
burden <> ana 
burden <> nakar
burden <> sırtı
burden <> sorum
burden <> tonaj
burden <> yük
burden <> yük 
burden <> yükle
burden <> zorun
burdened <> yükü
burdening <> Zahme
burdens <> yükle
burdensome <> ağır
burdensome <> külfe
burdensome <> sıkıc
burdies <> Burdi
burdock <> dulav
burdon <> Burdo
bureau <> çalış
bureau <> çekme
bureau <> büro
bureau <> daire
bureau <> yazıh
bureaucracies <> bürok
bureaucracy <> bürok
bureaucracy <> devle
bureaucracy <> kırta
bureaucrat <> bürok
bureaucratic <> bürok
bureaucratically <> bürok
bureaucratised <> bürok
bureaucratism <> bürok
bureaucratization <> bürok
bureaucratize <> bürok
bureaucratized <> bürok
bureaucrats <> bürok
bureaus <> bürol
bureaux <> çalış
bureaux <> bürol
burel <> Burel
buret <> büret
burette <> büret
burette <> cam 
burettes <> büret
burg <> bucak
burg <> kasab
burgees <> flama
burgeon <> filiz
burgeon <> geliş
burgeon <> tomur
burgeoning <> filiz
burgers <> hambu
burgess <> kasab
burgess <> parla
burgesses <> kentl
burgh <> kasab
burgher <> Boer
burgher <> kasab
burghul <> bulgu
burglar <> ev 
burglar <> hırsı
burglar <> soygu
burglaries <> hırsı
burglarious <> ev 
burglarious <> hırsı
burglarize <> hırsı
burglarize <> soyma
burglars <> hırsı
burglary <> ev 
burglary <> hırsı
burgle <> hırsı
burgle <> soyma
burgomaster <> beled
burgundy <> bordo
burial <> cenaz
burial <> defin
burial <> gömme
burial <> topra
burials <> gömül
buried <> örtül
buried <> gömül
buries <> gömer
burin <> Burin
burka <> Burka
burke <> örtba
burke <> bastı
burke <> boğma
burke <> sustu
burkholderia <> Burkh
burkina <> Burki
burks <> Burks
burlap <> çuval
burlesque <> alayl
burlesque <> gülün
burlesque <> komik
burlesque <> strip
burlesque <> taşla
burlesque <> takli
burlesque <> vodvi
burlesque <> yerme
burling <> Burli
burly <> güçlü
burly <> iri
burly <> iri 
burly <> kapı
burn <> çay
burn <> öfkel
burn <> ışık
burn <> alev
burn <> başın
burn <> dere
burn <> fazla
burn <> kızdı
burn <> kirem
burn <> sürat
burn <> tutuş
burn <> yakma
burn <> yanık
burn <> yanıp
burn <> yanma
burnable <> yanab
burned <> yandı
burner <> brülö
burner <> gaz 
burner <> yakıc
burners <> brülö
burnet <> mesin
burneth <> haşla
burnie <> Burni
burning <> şidde
burning <> ateşl
burning <> harar
burning <> ivedi
burning <> yakıc
burning <> yanan
burnings <> yakma
burnish <> cilâl
burnish <> cilal
burnish <> parla
burnished <> perda
burnisher <> cilac
burnisher <> perda
burnishers <> cila
burnishing <> parla
burnouse <> borno
burnouse <> burnu
burnout <> roket
burnout <> yanma
burnouts <> yakma
burns <> yanık
burnside <> Burns
burnt <> kavru
burnt <> yanmı
burny <> Burny
burp <> gazın
burp <> geğir
burped <> geğir
burping <> geğir
burr <> çapak
burr <> anlaş
burr <> diken
burr <> küçük
burr <> pürüz
burr <> vırla
burrel <> Burre
burrell <> Burre
burrill <> Burri
burrito <> börek
burrow <> barın
burrow <> in
burrow <> oyuk
burrow <> sığın
burrow <> sakla
burrow <> tünel
burrow <> yuva
burrowed <> oydun
burrowers <> Burro
burrows <> Burro
burrs <> çapak
burry <> Burry
burs <> frez
bursa <> bursa
bursa <> husye
bursa <> kesec
bursa <> yumur
bursar <> bursl
bursar <> muhas
bursar <> sayma
bursaries <> Hedef
bursary <> burs
bursary <> muhas
bursch <> Bursc
burse <> Burse
bursitis <> bursa
bursitis <> husye
burst <> çatla
burst <> açılm
burst <> anide
burst <> atış
burst <> atılm
burst <> boşan
burst <> fışkı
burst <> fırla
burst <> göz 
burst <> had 
burst <> hamle
burst <> ileri
burst <> infil
burst <> ortay
burst <> patla
burst <> yarıl
bursting <> patla
bursts <> patla
bursty <> patla
burtons <> Burto
burundi <> Burun
bury <> örtme
bury <> cenaz
bury <> daldı
bury <> defne
bury <> gömme
bury <> gizle
bury <> sakla
bury <> topra
burying <> defne
burying <> gömme
bus <> otobü
bus <> otomo
busbar <> Bara
busbars <> baral
busby <> kürk
buses <> otobü
bush <> çalı
bush <> çalıl
bush <> çalıy
bush <> burç
bush <> gür 
bush <> zıvan
bushed <> bitki
bushed <> turşu
bushed <> yorgu
bushel <> ölçek
bushel <> biçim
bushel <> kile
bushel <> tersy
bushels <> kile
bushes <> çalıl
bushfire <> Orman
bushfires <> Orman
bushing <> burç
bushings <> burçl
bushman <> çalıl
bushman <> orman
bushmaster <> Bushm
bushmen <> Bushm
bushveld <> Bushv
bushwhacked <> Bushw
bushy <> çalı
bushy <> çalıl
bushy <> fırça
bushy <> gür
busied <> meşgu
busier <> kalab
busiest <> işlek
business <> alım
business <> faali
business <> firma
business <> görev
business <> iş
business <> işyer
business <> konu
business <> mesel
business <> ticar
businesses <> işlet
businesslike <> ciddi
businesslike <> prati
businesslike <> siste
businessman <> işada
businessmen <> işada
businesspeople <> iş
businessperson <> işada
businesswoman <> işkad
busing <> tekni
busk <> korse
busk <> sokak
busker <> gezgi
busker <> sokak
buskin <> çizme
buskin <> Romal
buskin <> bot
buskin <> traje
busloads <> otobü
busman <> otobü
buspirone <> buspi
bussed <> taşım
busses <> Otobü
bussing <> otobü
bust <> alem
bust <> büst
bust <> başar
bust <> becer
bust <> bozma
bust <> bozul
bust <> cümbü
bust <> fiyas
bust <> göğüs
bust <> iflas
bust <> kırma
bust <> patla
bust <> polis
bust <> rütbe
bust <> sona
bust <> tartı
bust <> tutuk
bust <> vurma
bustard <> toy
bustard <> toy 
buster <> adam
buster <> alem
buster <> buste
buster <> cümbü
buster <> herif
buster <> zorla
busters <> kırıc
bustier <> büsti
bustiers <> Busti
bustle <> acele
bustle <> faali
bustle <> koşuş
bustle <> telaş
bustler <> koşuş
bustling <> canlı
bustling <> harek
bustling <> telaş
busto <> Busto
bustos <> Busto
busts <> büst
busway <> Buswa
busy <> faal
busy <> işlek
busy <> meşgu
busy <> yoğun
busybody <> başka
busybody <> işgüz
busyness <> meşgu
but <> ama
but <> ancak
but <> başka
but <> fakat
but <> halbu
but <> hariç
but <> hiç 
but <> itira
but <> karşı
but <> ki
but <> oysa
but <> sadec
but <> yalnı
but <> yani
butadiene <> butad
butane <> bütan
butanoic <> bütan
butanol <> bütan
butcher <> boğaz
butcher <> cani
butcher <> cerra
butcher <> doğra
butcher <> kasap
butcher <> katle
butcher <> kesme
butcher <> trenl
butcheries <> kasap
butchering <> kesiy
butcherly <> kana
butchers <> Kasap
butchery <> kasap
butchery <> katli
butchery <> mezba
bute <> Bute
butene <> büten
butler <> baş 
butler <> kâhya
butler <> kiler
butlerite <> Butle
butlers <> uşakl
buto <> Buto
butt <> boynu
butt <> dipçi
butt <> dip 
butt <> hedef
butt <> izmar
butt <> kıç
butt <> kafa
butt <> maska
butt <> nişan
butt <> popo
butt <> sap
butt <> tos
butt <> tosla
butted <> bindi
butter <> dalka
butter <> terey
butter <> yağcı
butterball <> Butte
buttercup <> düğün
buttered <> terey
butterfat <> terey
butterfingered <> sakar
butterfingers <> sakar
butterflies <> keleb
butterfly <> keleb
buttermilk <> ayran
buttermilk <> yayık
butters <> ezmel
butterscotch <> şeker
butterscotch <> karam
buttery <> kanti
buttery <> kiler
buttery <> terey
buttery <> yağcı
buttes <> Butte
buttfuck <> Buttf
butthead <> Butth
butthole <> Butth
butting <> sınır
buttle <> Buttl
buttock <> but
buttock <> kaba
buttock <> kalça
buttocks <> kıç
buttocks <> kalça
buttocks <> popo
button <> buton
button <> düğme
button <> filiz
button <> puan
button <> sayı
button <> tomur
buttoned <> düğme
buttonhole <> düğme
buttonhole <> iliğe
buttonhole <> ilik
buttonhole <> yakas
buttonholes <> ilik
buttoning <> düğme
buttons <> düğme
buttress <> ayak
buttress <> deste
buttress <> payan
buttress <> perçi
buttressed <> da
buttresses <> payan
butts <> izmar
butyl <> bütil
butylamine <> bütil
butylated <> bütil
butylation <> bütil
butylene <> bütil
butylparaben <> butil
butyral <> butir
butyrate <> bütir
butyric <> bütir
butyrylcholinesterase <> butir
buxom <> balık
buxom <> dolgu
buxom <> etli
buy <> almak
buy <> inanm
buy <> kiral
buy <> pahas
buy <> rüşve
buy <> satın
buy <> yutma
buyer <> alıcı
buyer <> müşte
buyer <> satın
buyers <> alıcı
buying <> alış
buying <> satın
buyout <> satın
buyouts <> almal
buys <> satın
buzuki <> Buzuk
buzz <> çınla
buzz <> alçak
buzz <> dızla
buzz <> fısıl
buzz <> telef
buzz <> uğuld
buzz <> vızıl
buzzard <> şahin
buzzards <> akbab
buzzer <> buzze
buzzer <> dızla
buzzer <> istim
buzzer <> vızıl
buzzes <> vızıl
buzzing <> uğult
buzzsaw <> Buzzs
buzzword <> terim
by <> başın
by <> bir 
by <> göre
by <> geçec
by <> geçiş
by <> ile
by <> kadar
by <> kenar
by <> taraf
by <> vasıt
by <> yakın
by <> yanın
by <> yolun
by <> yoluy
byards <> Byard
bycatch <> Hedef
bye <> çiftl
bye <> ast
bye <> bye
bye <> krike
byelaws <> özel
bygone <> eski
bygone <> geçmi
bygone <> mazi
bygones <> mazid
bylaw <> iç 
bylaw <> karar
bylaws <> tüzük
byline <> şube
byline <> yazar
bylines <> Arşiv
byname <> ikinc
byname <> takma
bypass <> aşma
bypass <> atlat
bypass <> baypa
bypass <> berta
bypass <> dolam
bypass <> ikinc
bypass <> kanın
bypass <> kesti
bypass <> yan 
bypassed <> bypas
bypasses <> atlar
bypassing <> atlay
bypath <> dolay
bypath <> yan 
byproduct <> yan
byproducts <> yan
byre <> ahır
byroad <> ara
byroad <> ara 
byroad <> sapa
byroad <> yan 
bystander <> olaya
bystander <> seyir
bystanders <> seyir
bystreet <> ara
bystreet <> ara 
byte <> bayt
bytes <> bayt
bytownite <> Bitov
byway <> dolaş
byway <> karan
byway <> sapa
byword <> özdey
byword <> adı 
byword <> atasö
byword <> dile
bywork <> Bywor
byzantian <> Bizan
byzantine <> Bizan
byzantine <> bizan
byzantium <> Bizan
byzantiums <> Bizan
cab <> aracı
cab <> kiral
cab <> taksi
cabal <> dümen
cabal <> dalav
cabal <> dolap
cabal <> entri
cabal <> hizip
cabal <> kompl
cabala <> İbran
cabala <> esrar
cabala <> gizem
cabala <> gizli
cabala <> kabal
cabala <> sır
cabalistic <> Kabal
caballeros <> Cabal
cabals <> neo-c
cabana <> Caban
cabanas <> Caban
cabaret <> gece
cabaret <> kabar
cabaret <> müzik
cabaret <> meyha
cabarets <> kabar
cabas <> Cabas
cabbage <> lâhan
cabbage <> lahan
cabbagehead <> ahmak
cabbagehead <> bir 
cabbagehead <> eşek
cabbages <> lahan
cabbala <> İbran
cabbala <> esrar
cabbala <> gizem
cabbala <> gizli
cabbala <> kabal
cabbala <> sır
cabby <> taksi
cabello <> Cabel
caber <> oyun
cabernet <> Caber
cabezon <> Cabez
cabildo <> Cabil
cabin <> hücre
cabin <> kabin
cabin <> kamar
cabin <> kulüb
cabin <> uçakt
cabinet <> bakan
cabinet <> dolap
cabinet <> kabin
cabinet <> kartv
cabinet <> telev
cabinet <> vitri
cabinetmaker <> ince
cabinetmaker <> kabin
cabinetmaker <> maran
cabinetmakers <> maran
cabinetmaking <> ince
cabinetry <> Dolap
cabinets <> dolap
cabins <> kabin
cable <> kablo
cable <> palam
cable <> telgr
cablecar <> kablo
cablecast <> kablo
cabled <> kablo
cablegram <> telgr
cableless <> KABLO
cableman <> Cable
cables <> kablo
cableway <> tramv
cableways <> telef
cabling <> kablo
cabman <> taksi
cabochon <> Caboc
caboodle <> cemaa
caboose <> gemi
caboose <> trend
cabotage <> kabot
cabriolet <> üstü
cabriolet <> kabri
cabs <> kabin
cacao <> kakao
cacciatore <> Cacci
cachaca <> cacha
cachalot <> isper
cachalot <> kaşal
cache <> önbel
cache <> gizle
cache <> gizli
cacheable <> önbel
cachectic <> Kaşek
cached <> önbel
caches <> önbel
cachet <> özell
cachet <> ayrıc
cachet <> damga
cachet <> fark
cachet <> kaşe
cachet <> kapsü
cachet <> mühür
cachet <> prest
cachet <> saygı
cacheted <> kaşel
cachexia <> beden
cachexia <> kaşek
cachexy <> beden
cachexy <> kaşek
caching <> önbel
cachinnate <> kahka
cachinnate <> yükse
cachou <> ağız
cachou <> kaşu
cacique <> kızıl
cackle <> gıdak
cackle <> gevez
cackle <> kahka
cackle <> lafla
caco <> Caco
cacography <> bozuk
cacography <> kötü
cacoon <> Cacoo
cacophonous <> kakof
cacophony <> kakof
cacophony <> yakın
cacoxenite <> Kakok
cacti <> kaktü
cactus <> atlas
cactus <> kaktü
cactuses <> kaktü
cad <> ahlak
cad <> cad
cad <> kaba
cad <> kişi
cad <> kimse
cadaster <> Kadas
cadastral <> kadas
cadastration <> kadas
cadastre <> kadas
cadastres <> Kadas
cadaver <> ceset
cadaver <> kadav
cadaveric <> kadav
cadaverine <> kadav
cadaverous <> kadav
cadaverous <> soluk
cadavers <> Kadav
caddie <> çay
caddie <> çay 
caddie <> golf
caddies <> Caddi
caddish <> terbi
caddy <> çay
caddy <> çay 
caddy <> golf
cade <> annes
cadeaux <> CADEA
cadence <> ahenk
cadence <> kadan
cadence <> ritim
cadence <> ritm
cadence <> ses 
cadence <> sesin
cadence <> tempo
cadenced <> ahenk
cadenced <> ritmi
cadenza <> durgu
cadenza <> kaden
cader <> Sofuo
cadet <> aday
cadet <> asker
cadet <> erkek
cadet <> harp
cadet <> oğul
cadet <> polis
cadets <> Harbi
cadge <> avuç
cadge <> el 
cadger <> dilen
cadger <> otlak
cadherins <> kader
cadi <> kadı
cadmium <> kadmi
cadre <> çekir
cadre <> hücre
cadre <> kadro
cadre <> kurma
cadres <> kadro
cads <> CAD'l
caduceus <> tibbi
caducity <> bunak
caducity <> fanil
caducity <> geçic
caducity <> zayıf
cadwaladerite <> Kadva
cadwallader <> Cadwa
cady <> Cady
caecal <> Çekum
caecum <> körba
caerphilly <> Caerp
caesar <> Sezar
caesar <> dikta
caesar <> otokr
caesarean <> Sezar
caesarean <> sezar
caesarian <> Sezar
caesarism <> asker
caesars <> Caesa
caesium <> sezyu
caesura <> durak
caesura <> durgu
caesura <> müzik
cafe <> bar
cafe <> kafe
cafe <> kahve
cafe <> lokan
cafes <> kafe
cafeteria <> kafet
cafeterias <> kafet
cafetiere <> CAFET
caffeic <> kafei
caffein <> Kafei
caffeinated <> Kafei
caffeine <> kafei
caftan <> kafta
caftans <> kafta
cage <> çelik
cage <> asans
cage <> baske
cage <> buz 
cage <> esir
cage <> hapis
cage <> hapse
cage <> kafes
cage <> kodes
cage <> kuş 
cage <> sayı
caged <> Kafes
cageling <> kafes
cages <> kafes
cagey <> ağzı
cagey <> ihtiy
cagey <> kapal
cagey <> kurna
cagey <> sırrı
cagey <> tedbi
cagoule <> Cagou
cags <> İstiş
cagy <> pişki
cahiers <> Cahie
cahnite <> Kahni
cahoot <> cahoo
cahoot <> işbir
caille <> Caill
cailles <> Caill
cain <> Cain
cainozoic <> Senoz
caique <> kayık
caiques <> kayık
caird <> Caird
cairn <> dağ 
cairn <> höyük
cairn <> tepe
cairngorm <> Cairn
cairngorms <> Cairn
cairns <> Cairn
caisson <> cepha
caisson <> duba
caisson <> sualt
caitiff <> aşağı
caitiff <> alçak
caitiff <> korka
cajole <> ikna
cajole <> razı
cajole <> tatlı
cajolery <> tatlı
cake <> çörek
cake <> kabuk
cake <> kalıp
cake <> katıl
cake <> kek
cake <> parça
cake <> pasta
cakes <> kekle
cakewalk <> dans
calabar <> Calab
calabash <> su 
calabash <> sukab
calaboose <> cezae
calaboose <> küçük
calaite <> Kalay
calamari <> kalam
calamary <> kalam
calamine <> kalam
calamine <> tutya
calamities <> felak
calamitous <> belâl
calamitous <> felâk
calamity <> afet
calamity <> belâ
calamity <> felâk
calamity <> musib
calamity <> sefal
calamity <> yoksu
calamus <> Hint
calander <> alman
calander <> düzen
calander <> kütük
calander <> kayde
calander <> liste
calander <> mahke
calander <> perda
calander <> sicil
calander <> silin
calander <> takvi
calander <> yıllı
calash <> eski
calash <> hafif
calash <> kales
calathea <> Calat
calcaneal <> kalka
calcanei <> kalka
calcaneocuboid <> kalka
calcaneofibular <> kalka
calcaneonavicular <> kalka
calcaneus <> topuk
calcar <> kalka
calcarenite <> kalka
calcareous <> kalke
calcarine <> kalka
calcedony <> kalse
calceolaria <> çanta
calcic <> kalsi
calcic <> kireç
calciferol <> Kalsi
calciferous <> kalsi
calciferous <> kireç
calcific <> kalsi
calcification <> kireç
calcification <> taşla
calcifications <> kalsi
calcified <> kalsi
calcify <> kireç
calcifying <> kalsi
calcilutites <> kalsi
calcimine <> Badan
calcinated <> kalsi
calcination <> kalsi
calcination <> yakar
calcinations <> kalsi
calcine <> yakar
calcined <> kalsi
calciner <> Kalsi
calcineurin <> kalsi
calcining <> kalsi
calcinosis <> kalsi
calcioferrite <> Kalsi
calciovolborthite <> Kasiy
calciphylaxis <> Kalsi
calcite <> kalsi
calcites <> kalsi
calcitic <> kalsi
calcitonin <> kalsi
calcitriol <> kalsi
calcium <> kalsi
calcium <> kireç
calclacite <> Kalkl
calcrete <> Kalkr
calculable <> güven
calculable <> hesap
calculable <> sağla
calculable <> sayıl
calculate <> ölçüp
calculate <> bel 
calculate <> düşün
calculate <> güven
calculate <> hesap
calculate <> ihtim
calculate <> planl
calculate <> sayma
calculate <> tahmi
calculate <> tasar
calculated <> hesab
calculated <> hesap
calculated <> tahmi
calculated <> uygun
calculated <> yerin
calculates <> hesap
calculating <> çıkar
calculating <> benci
calculating <> egois
calculating <> hesap
calculating <> işini
calculating <> kurna
calculation <> çıkar
calculation <> öngör
calculation <> düşün
calculation <> hesap
calculation <> tahmi
calculations <> hesap
calculator <> hesap
calculators <> hesap
calculi <> taşı
calculous <> böbre
calculous <> safra
calculus <> hesap
calculus <> taş
caldera <> Calde
calderas <> Kalde
caldron <> kazan
caleche <> Calec
caleches <> CALEC
caledonia <> Kaled
caledonite <> Kaled
calefacient <> ısıta
calefacient <> sıcak
calefaction <> ısınm
calefaction <> ısıtm
calendar <> alman
calendar <> düzen
calendar <> kütük
calendar <> kayde
calendar <> liste
calendar <> mahke
calendar <> perda
calendar <> sicil
calendar <> silin
calendar <> takvi
calendar <> yıllı
calendaring <> takvi
calendars <> takvi
calender <> alman
calender <> düzen
calender <> kütük
calender <> kayde
calender <> liste
calender <> mahke
calender <> perda
calender <> sicil
calender <> silin
calender <> takvi
calender <> yıllı
calendered <> kalen
calendering <> kalen
calenders <> takvi
calends <> Roma
calendula <> aynıs
calenture <> tropi
calf <> çorab
calf <> baldı
calf <> buzağ
calf <> buzda
calf <> dana
calf <> kocam
calf <> serse
calfskin <> dana
calfskin <> vidal
caliber <> çap
caliber <> kalib
caliber <> yeten
calibered <> kalib
calibers <> Kalib
calibrate <> ayar
calibrate <> ayarl
calibrate <> derec
calibrate <> kalib
calibrated <> kalib
calibrates <> kalib
calibrating <> kalib
calibration <> çapla
calibration <> ayarl
calibrations <> kalib
calibrator <> kalib
calibrators <> kalib
calibre <> çap
calibre <> kalib
calibre <> yeten
calibred <> kalib
calibres <> kalib
caliceal <> kalik
calices <> calix
caliche <> kaliş
calico <> basma
calico <> değiş
calico <> karış
calico <> pamuk
calico <> patis
calif <> halif
califate <> halif
california <> Kalif
californite <> Kalif
californium <> kalif
caligraphy <> güzel
caligraphy <> hatta
caligraphy <> kalig
calin <> Calin
calipash <> kaplu
caliper <> kumpa
calipers <> kalip
caliph <> halif
caliphate <> halif
caliphs <> halif
calis <> Calis
calisthenic <> kalis
calisthenics <> beden
calisthenics <> jimna
calix <> çanak
calix <> havuz
calix <> kâse
calix <> kalik
calix <> keis
calix <> tohum
calix <> zarf
calixarenes <> Kalik
calk <> buzmı
calk <> kalaf
calk <> kayar
calkin <> buzmı
calkin <> kalaf
calkin <> kayar
calkins <> Calki
call <> çağır
call <> çağrı
call <> ötüş
call <> adlan
call <> arama
call <> bağır
call <> dava
call <> davet
call <> demek
call <> farze
call <> ihtiy
call <> lakap
call <> söyle
call <> ses
call <> sesle
call <> telef
call <> uyand
call <> ziyar
callable <> isten
callable <> nakit
callan <> Calla
callas <> Calla
callback <> geri
callbacks <> geriç
callboy <> eşcin
callboy <> otel
callboy <> suflö
callboy <> tele
called <> adlı
called <> denil
caller <> Araya
caller <> misaf
caller <> oyunu
caller <> telef
caller <> ziyar
callers <> Araya
calleth <> çağır
calli <> Çallı
calligrapher <> Hatta
calligraphers <> hatta
calligraphic <> kalig
calligraphical <> kalig
calligraphies <> hat
calligraphy <> güzel
calligraphy <> hatta
calligraphy <> kalig
calling <> çağrı
calling <> davet
calling <> görev
calling <> iş
calling <> mesle
calling <> sesle
calling <> telef
callings <> çağrı
calliope <> Calli
calliper <> kumpa
callipers <> kalip
calliphora <> Calli
callisthenics <> beden
callisthenics <> jimna
callosal <> kallo
callosity <> nasır
callosum <> kallo
callot <> Callo
callous <> şefkâ
callous <> duygu
callous <> hissi
callous <> katı
callous <> nasır
calloused <> nasır
callout <> çizgi
callouts <> belir
callovian <> Kallo
callow <> acemi
callow <> tüyle
callow <> tecrü
callow <> toy
callowness <> acemi
calls <> çağrı
calluna <> Callu
callus <> kırığ
callus <> nasır
callused <> nasır
calluses <> nasır
callusing <> kallu
calm <> ağırb
calm <> arsız
calm <> dingi
calm <> durgu
calm <> endiş
calm <> esint
calm <> gürül
calm <> huzur
calm <> rüzgâ
calm <> sakin
calm <> serin
calm <> soğuk
calm <> teski
calm <> yatış
calmative <> yatış
calmed <> sakin
calmer <> sakin
calmest <> sakin
calming <> dinle
calming <> huzur
calming <> teski
calming <> yatış
calmly <> heyec
calmly <> sakin
calmness <> dingi
calmness <> durgu
calmness <> sakin
calmness <> soğuk
calmodulin <> kalmo
calms <> yatış
calmy <> Calmy
calo <> Calo
calomel <> kalom
calomel <> tatlı
caloric <> ısı
caloric <> ısı 
caloric <> harar
calorie <> ısı 
calorie <> kalor
calories <> kalor
calorific <> ısı 
calorific <> ısıta
calorific <> kalor
calorifier <> kalor
calorimeter <> ısıöl
calorimeter <> kalor
calorimeters <> kalor
calorimetric <> kalor
calorimetry <> ısı 
calorimetry <> kalor
calory <> ısı 
calory <> kalor
calp <> Calp
calretinin <> kalre
cals <> kalor
caltrop <> boğad
caltrop <> demir
caltrop <> savaş
calumet <> barış
calumniate <> çamur
calumniate <> iftir
calumniate <> karal
calumniation <> çamur
calumniation <> iftir
calumniator <> çamur
calumniator <> iftir
calumnies <> iftir
calumnious <> iftir
calumny <> çamur
calumny <> iftir
calumny <> karal
calvados <> Calva
calvaria <> kalva
calvarial <> kalva
calvarium <> kalva
calvary <> İsa'n
calvary <> cefa
calvary <> eza
calvary <> felâk
calve <> buzağ
calve <> parça
calve <> yavru
calver <> Calve
calves <> buzağ
calvin <> Calvi
calvin <> Kalvi
calving <> buzağ
calx <> kalsi
calx <> miner
calyceal <> kalik
calyces <> kalik
calyon <> Calyo
calypso <> Kalip
calypso <> basti
calypso <> gitar
calypso <> türkü
calyptorhynchus <> Calyp
calyx <> kalik
calzones <> Calzo
cam <> kam
cam <> mil 
cam <> tırna
camaraderie <> arkad
camaraderie <> dostl
camaraderie <> samim
camaraderie <> yolda
camarilla <> gizli
camaron <> Camar
camas <> Camas
camber <> bombe
camber <> dışbü
camber <> eğril
camber <> hafif
camber <> kambe
camber <> kavis
cambered <> bombe
cambered <> eğri
cambered <> kavis
cambering <> Bomba
cambial <> Kambi
cambist <> kambi
cambium <> kambi
cambria <> Cambr
cambric <> ince
cambric <> pamuk
cambric <> patis
cambridge <> Cambr
camcorder <> Kamer
camcorders <> kamer
came <> geldi
camel <> deve
camel <> duba
camel <> kayık
camel <> tomba
camelback <> Camel
cameleer <> devec
cameleer <> hecin
cameleon <> Camel
camelhair <> deve
camelia <> kamel
camelias <> Camel
camelids <> deveg
camellia <> çingü
camellia <> Japon
camellia <> kamel
camellias <> kamel
camelot <> Camel
camels <> deve
cameo <> kabar
cameo <> minya
cameos <> Cameo
camera <> fotoğ
camera <> gizli
camera <> hakim
camera <> kamer
camera <> mahre
cameraman <> basın
cameraman <> fotoğ
cameraman <> kamer
cameramen <> kamer
cameras <> kamer
camerawork <> kamer
camiknickers <> tek
camiknickers <> tek 
caminando <> Camin
camion <> kamyo
camions <> Kamyo
camis <> Camiş
camisole <> kısa
camisole <> kaşko
camisole <> kadın
camisoles <> kombi
camlet <> ipek
cammie <> Cammi
camomile <> öküzg
camomile <> papat
camomile <> sarı
camorra <> Camor
camos <> Camos
camouflage <> gizle
camouflage <> kamuf
camouflaged <> kamuf
camouflages <> gizle
camouflaging <> kamuf
camp <> aşırı
camp <> adi
camp <> adile
camp <> bayağ
camp <> eşcin
camp <> gülün
camp <> homos
camp <> kamp
camp <> kampa
camp <> konak
camp <> ordug
camp <> yapma
campagna <> Campa
campaign <> adayl
campaign <> kampa
campaign <> mücâd
campaign <> savaş
campaign <> sefer
campaigned <> kampa
campaigner <> kampa
campaigner <> mücâd
campaigners <> savun
campaigning <> kampa
campaigns <> kampa
campana <> Campa
campanas <> Campa
campania <> Campa
campanile <> çan
campanile <> çan 
campanili <> çan
campanili <> çan 
campanula <> çançi
campanula <> boruç
campanulate <> çan
camped <> konak
campephilus <> Camph
camper <> kampç
camper <> kamp
camper <> karav
campers <> karav
campfire <> kamp
campfires <> kamp
campground <> kamp
campgrounds <> kamp
camphene <> kamfe
camphor <> kâfur
camphorated <> kâfur
camphorsulfonic <> Kamfo
camphorwood <> kokul
campine <> Campi
camping <> kamp
camping <> kampi
campings <> Kampl
campion <> bir
campion <> bir 
camporee <> izci
camps <> kampl
campsite <> kamp
campsites <> kamp
camptonite <> kampt
campus <> kampu
campus <> okul
campuses <> kampü
campy <> adi
campy <> yapma
campylobacteriosis <> Campy
camshaft <> eksan
camshafts <> kam
can <> -ebil
can <> edebi
can <> hapis
can <> hela
can <> kıç
can <> kaba
can <> kased
can <> kayıt
can <> kodes
can <> konse
can <> kovma
can <> kutu
can <> olabi
can <> popo
can <> tenek
can <> uzakl
can <> yapab
canada <> Kanad
canada <> Türki
canadas <> Canad
canaille <> aşağı
canaille <> ayakt
canal <> ark
canal <> kanal
canal <> suyol
canales <> Canal
canalicular <> kanal
canaliculi <> Kanal
canaliculus <> kanal
canaling <> kanal
canalised <> kanal
canalization <> kanal
canalizations <> kanal
canalize <> kanal
canalize <> yönle
canalized <> kanal
canalizing <> yönle
canalled <> Kanal
canals <> kanal
canape <> kanep
canape <> kokte
canapes <> kanep
canard <> asıls
canard <> hile
canard <> oyun
canard <> uydur
canaries <> kanar
canary <> açık
canary <> kanar
canasta <> kanas
canavalia <> Canav
cancan <> kanka
cancel <> çıkar
cancel <> boşa
cancel <> bozma
cancel <> damga
cancel <> etkis
cancel <> feshe
cancel <> fesih
cancel <> geçer
cancel <> hüküm
cancel <> iptal
cancel <> kısal
cancel <> kaldı
cancel <> sadel
cancel <> silme
canceled <> İptal
canceled <> iptal
canceler <> Cance
canceling <> iptal
cancellable <> iptal
cancellation <> çıkar
cancellation <> bozma
cancellation <> damga
cancellation <> fesih
cancellation <> geçer
cancellation <> iptâl
cancellation <> iptal
cancellation <> kaldı
cancellation <> silme
cancellations <> iptal
cancelled <> İptal
cancelled <> iptal
cancelli <> Cance
cancelling <> iptal
cancellous <> sünge
cancels <> iptal
cancer <> Yenge
cancer <> kötü
cancer <> kanse
cancered <> kanse
cancerogenic <> kanse
cancerous <> kanse
cancerously <> Kanse
cancers <> kanse
candelabra <> şamda
candelabra <> kollu
candelabrum <> şamda
candelabrum <> kollu
candelabrums <> şamda
candelas <> kande
candelilla <> Cande
candescence <> akkor
candescent <> kamaş
candid <> açık
candid <> canda
candid <> dürüs
candid <> gizli
candid <> içten
candid <> saf
candid <> samim
candid <> taraf
candida <> Candi
candidacies <> adayl
candidacy <> adayl
candidal <> kandi
candidate <> aday
candidate <> namze
candidates <> adayl
candidateship <> adayl
candidature <> adayl
candidatures <> adayl
candidemia <> Kandi
candidiasis <> cilt
candidiasis <> kandi
candidosis <> Kandi
candids <> Candi
candied <> şataf
candied <> şeker
candied <> hoş 
candies <> şeker
candle <> kandi
candle <> mum
candleberry <> mum
candleberry <> mum 
candlebox <> Candl
candleholder <> Şamda
candleholders <> ELEKT
candlelight <> mumış
candlelight <> mum
candlelight <> yapay
candlelit <> Mum
candlemas <> Hazre
candlemas <> iki
candlemas <> iki 
candlepower <> mum
candler <> Candl
candles <> mumla
candlestick <> şamda
candlesticks <> şamda
candlewick <> fitil
candlewood <> Candl
candling <> Mum
candor <> açık
candor <> doğru
candor <> samim
candor <> taraf
candour <> açık
candour <> doğru
candour <> samim
candour <> taraf
candy <> şeker
candy <> bonbo
candy <> karam
candyfloss <> Candy
cane <> bambu
cane <> dövme
cane <> değne
cane <> hasır
cane <> kamış
cane <> sopa
cane <> sopal
canella <> Canel
canes <> Köpek
canework <> Kamış
canfield <> Canfi
cang <> tahta
cangue <> tahta
canine <> köpek
canine <> yalak
canines <> köpek
caning <> dayak
caning <> sopa
canister <> tenek
canisters <> bidon
canker <> çürüm
canker <> çürüt
canker <> ağız
canker <> bozuc
canker <> buğda
canker <> mahve
canker <> mahvo
canker <> pamuk
canker <> yara
canker <> yozla
cankered <> bozul
cankered <> kötü
cankered <> kötüc
cankerous <> çürüt
cankerous <> pamuk
cankerous <> yozla
cann <> Cann
canna <> Canna
cannabidiol <> Kanna
cannabinoid <> kanab
cannabinoids <> kanna
cannabinol <> Kanna
cannabis <> esrar
cannabis <> haşiş
cannabis <> kendi
cannabis <> kenev
cannae <> Gelem
cannas <> Canna
canned <> önced
canned <> banda
canned <> kayde
canned <> konse
canned <> kutu
canned <> sarho
canned <> zom
cannel <> Canne
canner <> konse
canneries <> konse
cannery <> konse
cannibal <> yamya
cannibalise <> kulla
cannibalise <> parça
cannibalising <> canni
cannibalism <> yamya
cannibalistic <> yamya
cannibalistically <> yamya
cannibalization <> marka
cannibalize <> kulla
cannibalize <> parça
cannibals <> yamya
canning <> konse
canning <> kutul
cannings <> Canni
cannister <> tenek
cannisters <> bidon
cannon <> çarpı
cannon <> çarpm
cannon <> bomba
cannon <> incik
cannon <> karam
cannon <> mil
cannon <> top
cannon <> topa
cannonade <> bomba
cannonade <> topa
cannonical <> Kutsa
cannonical <> kabul
cannonical <> kilis
cannonical <> stand
cannons <> topla
cannot <> edeme
cannot <> gücü
cannot <> olama
cannot <> yapam
cannula <> kanül
cannula <> sonda
cannulae <> kanül
cannulas <> kanül
cannulated <> kanül
cannulation <> kanül
canny <> açıkg
canny <> dikka
canny <> hoş
canny <> kurna
canny <> tedbi
canny <> tutum
canny <> uyanı
canny <> zarif
canoe <> kano
canoeing <> kano
canoeist <> kano
canoeist <> kanoc
canoes <> kanol
canola <> kanol
canon <> ölçüt
canon <> Kutsa
canon <> azizl
canon <> genel
canon <> ilke
canon <> kırk
canon <> kanon
canon <> kanun
canon <> kilis
canon <> krite
canoness <> dinse
canonic <> kanon
canonical <> Kutsa
canonical <> kabul
canonical <> kilis
canonical <> stand
canonicalization <> kural
canonicalizes <> kanon
canonically <> yazım
canonisation <> azizl
canonist <> kilis
canonization <> azizl
canonize <> azizl
canonize <> kutsa
canons <> kanun
canoodle <> bağrı
canoodle <> kucak
canoodle <> okşam
canoodle <> sarıl
canopied <> kabin
canopies <> kanop
canopus <> Canop
canopy <> örtü
canopy <> örtme
canopy <> gölge
canopy <> kapla
canopy <> kubbe
canopy <> paraş
canopy <> saçak
canopy <> tente
canorous <> ahenk
canorous <> uyuml
cans <> kutul
canso <> CANSO
canst <> kadar
cant <> argo
cant <> argol
cant <> cant
cant <> dilen
cant <> eğim
cant <> eğmek
cant <> gerçe
cant <> iki 
cant <> meyil
cant <> riyak
cant <> samim
cant <> yan 
cant <> yapma
cant <> yatay
cantabrian <> Canta
cantaloup <> kavun
cantaloupe <> kavun
cantaloupes <> kavun
cantankerous <> aksi
cantankerous <> geçim
cantankerous <> hırçı
cantankerous <> huysu
cantankerous <> inatç
cantata <> kanta
cantatas <> kanta
canted <> eğiml
canteen <> kanti
canteen <> matar
canteen <> yemek
canteens <> kanti
canter <> atın
canter <> eşkin
canters <> eşkin
canthal <> kanta
canthaxanthin <> kanta
canticle <> ilahi
canticle <> kanti
canticles <> Hazre
cantico <> Canti
cantilever <> çıkma
cantilever <> konso
cantilever <> maniv
cantilever <> sundu
cantilevered <> deste
cantilevered <> dirse
cantilevered <> konso
cantilevers <> Çıkma
canting <> Aşırı
cantle <> bölüm
cantle <> eyeri
cantle <> parça
canto <> kıta
canton <> Kanto
canton <> küçük
canton <> kanto
canton <> kare
canton <> konak
cantonal <> kanto
cantonment <> karar
cantonment <> konak
cantonment <> ordug
cantons <> kanto
cantor <> kanto
cantor <> koro
cantoral <> Canto
cantos <> Canto
cantrell <> Cantr
cantus <> Cantu
canty <> Canty
canuck <> Kanad
canula <> kanül
canvas <> çadır
canvas <> kanav
canvas <> kanva
canvas <> tuval
canvas <> yelke
canvases <> tuval
canvass <> görüş
canvass <> gözde
canvass <> kamuo
canvass <> oy 
canvass <> propa
canvass <> reklâ
canvass <> seçim
canvass <> seçme
canvass <> sipar
canvass <> tartı
canvassed <> propa
canvasser <> propa
canvasser <> sipar
canvasses <> tuval
canvassing <> propa
canvassing <> reklâ
canyon <> kanyo
canyon <> vadi
canyons <> kanyo
canzona <> Canzo
canzone <> Canzo
canzoni <> Canzo
caoutchouc <> kauçu
cap <> örtme
cap <> şapka
cap <> başke
cap <> başlı
cap <> daha
cap <> geçme
cap <> kapak
cap <> kapat
cap <> kapit
cap <> kaske
cap <> kep
cap <> kep 
cap <> tepe
cap <> zirve
capabilities <> yeten
capability <> güç
capability <> iktid
capability <> kabil
capability <> kapas
capability <> yeten
capable <> becer
capable <> duyar
capable <> ehliy
capable <> etki
capable <> kabil
capable <> kapas
capable <> yeten
capacious <> büyük
capacious <> ferah
capacious <> geniş
capaciously <> geniş
capacitance <> diren
capacitance <> kapas
capacitate <> yetki
capacitated <> kapas
capacitation <> kapas
capacitative <> kapas
capacities <> kapas
capacitive <> kapas
capacitively <> kapas
capacitor <> konda
capacitors <> kapas
capacity <> azami
capacity <> dolu
capacity <> ful
capacity <> güç
capacity <> hacim
capacity <> iktid
capacity <> kabil
capacity <> kapas
capacity <> maksi
capacity <> sıfat
capacity <> verim
capacity <> yeten
capacity <> yeter
caparison <> örtü
caparison <> eyer
caparison <> giysi
caparison <> haşe
caparison <> kıyaf
caparison <> süsle
cape <> burun
cape <> kap
cape <> peler
capel <> Capel
capelle <> Capel
caper <> aptal
caper <> geber
caper <> hopla
caper <> kanun
caper <> muzip
caper <> oynay
caper <> sıçra
caper <> suç
capercaillie <> çalıh
capercailzie <> çalıh
capers <> kapar
capes <> peler
capful <> finca
capias <> tutuk
capillaries <> kapil
capillarioscopy <> kapil
capillaritis <> kapil
capillarity <> kapil
capillarity <> sıvıl
capillary <> kıl 
capillary <> kılca
capillary <> kılla
capita <> Kişi
capital <> çıkar
capital <> ölüm
capital <> önde
capital <> öneml
capital <> ana
capital <> büyük
capital <> baş
capital <> başke
capital <> cezas
capital <> ciddi
capital <> kâr
capital <> kapit
capital <> kazan
capital <> kusur
capital <> mühim
capital <> mükem
capital <> sütun
capital <> serma
capitalisation <> büyük
capitalisation <> işlet
capitalisation <> kapit
capitalisation <> serma
capitalise <> çıkar
capitalise <> büyük
capitalise <> katıl
capitalise <> serma
capitalise <> yarar
capitalised <> büyük
capitalises <> capit
capitalising <> serma
capitalism <> ana 
capitalism <> kapit
capitalisms <> kapit
capitalist <> kapit
capitalist <> serma
capitalistic <> kapit
capitalistic <> serma
capitalistically <> kapit
capitalists <> kapit
capitalization <> büyük
capitalization <> işlet
capitalization <> kapit
capitalization <> serma
capitalizations <> kapit
capitalize <> çıkar
capitalize <> büyük
capitalize <> katıl
capitalize <> serma
capitalize <> yarar
capitalized <> büyük
capitalizing <> serma
capitals <> başke
capitan <> Capit
capitani <> Capit
capitano <> Capit
capitate <> kapit
capitation <> kişi
capitellum <> kapit
capitol <> Ameri
capitol <> Capit
capitol <> Jüpit
capitol <> Kapit
capitoline <> Capit
capitols <> Capit
capitonnage <> kapit
capitular <> kated
capitulate <> silâh
capitulate <> tesli
capitulated <> tesli
capitulation <> şartl
capitulation <> kapit
capitulation <> silâh
capitulation <> yaban
capitulations <> kapit
capless <> kapak
caplet <> table
caplets <> table
caplin <> Kapli
capoeira <> Capoe
capoeiras <> Capoe
capon <> kısır
caponize <> kısır
caporal <> Frans
capot <> Capot
capote <> Capot
capparis <> Cappa
capped <> şapka
capped <> kepli
cappelenite <> Kapel
cappellas <> cappe
cappelletti <> Cappe
cappers <> Cappe
cappie <> Cappi
capping <> kapak
cappuccino <> İtaly
cappuccino <> cappu
cappuccino <> kapuç
cappuchino <> Cappu
cappy <> Cappy
capra <> Capra
capric <> kapri
capriccio <> Capri
caprice <> değiş
caprice <> geçic
caprice <> kapri
caprices <> kapri
capricious <> dönek
capricious <> değiş
capricious <> gelge
capricious <> kapri
capriciously <> keyfi
capriciousness <> değiş
capriciousness <> kapri
capricornus <> Oğlak
caprimulgus <> Capri
caprine <> Keçi
capriole <> sıçra
capriole <> zıpla
capris <> kapri
caproate <> kapro
caproic <> kapro
caprolactam <> kapro
caprolactone <> kapro
caprylic <> kapri
caps <> kapak
capsaicin <> kapsa
capsanthin <> Kapsa
capsicum <> kırmı
capsid <> kapsi
capsize <> alabo
capsize <> değiş
capsize <> devir
capsize <> ters
capsized <> alabo
capsizes <> alabo
capsizing <> alabo
capsorubin <> kapso
capstan <> ırgat
capstan <> bocur
capstans <> Halat
capsula <> kapsü
capsular <> kapsü
capsulated <> kapsü
capsule <> çanak
capsule <> özlü
capsule <> kısa
capsule <> kapak
capsule <> kapsü
capsuled <> kapsü
capsuler <> kapsü
capsules <> kapsü
capsulitis <> kapsü
capsulorhexis <> kapsü
capsulorrhaphy <> kapsü
capsulotomy <> kapsü
captain <> önder
captain <> şef
captain <> başko
captain <> kapta
captain <> kuman
captain <> lider
captain <> posta
captain <> ustab
captain <> yönet
captain <> yüzba
captaincy <> önder
captaincy <> kapta
captaincy <> lider
captaincy <> yüzba
captained <> kapta
captains <> kapta
captainship <> önder
captainship <> kapta
captainship <> lider
captainship <> yüzba
caption <> altya
caption <> başlı
caption <> manşe
caption <> tutuk
captioned <> başlı
captioning <> altya
captionless <> Yazıs
captions <> başlı
captious <> asıls
captious <> boş
captious <> ince
captious <> kılı
captious <> kusur
captious <> yanıl
captivate <> çekme
captivate <> büyül
captivate <> cezbe
captivated <> büyül
captivating <> çekic
captivating <> büyül
captivation <> büyül
captivation <> cezbe
captive <> baskı
captive <> esir
captive <> kısıt
captive <> mahku
captive <> tutsa
captives <> esirl
captivity <> esare
captivity <> tutku
captivity <> tutsa
captopril <> kapto
captor <> esir
captor <> hüküm
captor <> tutan
captors <> esir
capture <> çekim
capture <> almak
capture <> el 
capture <> ele 
capture <> esir
capture <> ganim
capture <> tutsa
capture <> yakal
capture <> zapte
captured <> Yakal
captures <> yakal
capturing <> yakal
capuccino <> Capuc
capuchin <> Frans
capuchin <> başlı
capuchin <> kapüs
capucine <> Capuc
capulet <> Capul
caput <> kaput
car <> araba
car <> kabin
car <> otomo
car <> vagon
car <> yolcu
carabao <> Carab
carabineer <> karab
carabiner <> çanta
carabinier <> karab
carabus <> Carab
caracal <> karak
caracole <> yarım
carafe <> karaf
carafe <> sürah
caramel <> karam
caramelised <> karam
caramelization <> karam
caramelize <> karam
caramelized <> karam
caramels <> karam
carapace <> kabuk
carapace <> kaplu
carat <> ayar
carat <> kırat
carate <> Carat
carats <> karat
caravan <> kafil
caravan <> karav
caravan <> kerva
caravan <> seyya
caravaneers <> kerva
caravaner <> karav
caravaner <> kerva
caravaning <> karav
caravanning <> karav
caravans <> karav
caravansarai <> Kerva
caravansaries <> kerva
caravansary <> kerva
caravanserai <> han
caravanserai <> kerva
caravanserais <> kerva
caravel <> karav
caraway <> karam
caraway <> kimyo
carbachol <> karba
carbamate <> karba
carbamates <> karba
carbamazepine <> karba
carbamoyl <> karbo
carbamylation <> Karba
carbanions <> karba
carbapenems <> karba
carbaril <> Karba
carbaryl <> karba
carbazol <> karba
carbazole <> Karba
carbene <> karbe
carbenes <> karbe
carbenoid <> karbe
carbenoxolone <> karbo
carbide <> karbi
carbides <> karbü
carbidopa <> karbi
carbine <> karab
carbines <> karab
carbinol <> karbi
carbocation <> Karbo
carbocyclic <> karbo
carbohydrate <> karbo
carbohydrates <> karbo
carbomb <> Carbo
carbomer <> Şeffa
carbon <> karbo
carbon <> kopya
carbonaceous <> karbo
carbonado <> elmas
carbonara <> Carbo
carbonaro <> Carbo
carbonatation <> karbo
carbonate <> kömür
carbonate <> karbo
carbonated <> gazlı
carbonates <> karbo
carbonating <> KARBO
carbonation <> karbo
carbonatization <> karbo
carboned <> karbo
carbonic <> karbo
carboniferous <> kömür
carboniferous <> karbo
carbonification <> atığı
carbonisation <> karbo
carbonised <> karbo
carbonising <> karbo
carbonite <> karbo
carbonitride <> karbo
carbonitriding <> karbo
carbonium <> Karbo
carbonization <> kömür
carbonization <> karbo
carbonize <> kömür
carbonize <> karbo
carbonize <> kok 
carbonized <> kömür
carbonizing <> karbo
carbonless <> karbo
carbons <> karbo
carbontetrachloride <> karbo
carbonyl <> karbo
carbonylation <> karbo
carbonyls <> karbo
carboplatin <> karbo
carboranes <> Karbo
carborundum <> korin
carborundum <> zımpa
carboxy <> karbo
carboxyhaemoglobin <> karbo
carboxyhemoglobin <> karbo
carboxyl <> karbo
carboxylase <> karbo
carboxylases <> karbo
carboxylate <> karbo
carboxylated <> Karbo
carboxylates <> karbo
carboxylation <> karbo
carboxylesterase <> karbo
carboxylic <> karbo
carboxymethyl <> karbo
carboxymethylcellulose <> karbo
carboxypeptidase <> karbo
carboxypeptidases <> karbo
carboy <> asite
carboy <> damac
carboys <> damac
carbs <> filin
carbuncle <> şirpe
carbuncle <> kızıl
carbuncle <> kan
carbuncle <> kan 
carbuncle <> lâl t
carbuncle <> sivil
carburation <> karbü
carburations <> yanma
carburet <> karbo
carbureted <> karbo
carburetor <> karbü
carburetors <> karbü
carburetted <> karbo
carburetter <> karbü
carburettor <> karbü
carburettors <> karbü
carburisation <> KARBÜ
carburising <> semen
carburization <> karbü
carburized <> karbü
carburizing <> karbo
carby <> Carby
carcase <> ceset
carcase <> enkaz
carcase <> gövde
carcase <> iskel
carcase <> kadav
carcase <> kalın
carcases <> karka
carcass <> ölü
carcass <> ceset
carcass <> enkaz
carcass <> gövde
carcass <> iskel
carcass <> kadav
carcass <> kalın
carcass <> leş
carcasses <> karka
carcharhinus <> Carch
carcharodon <> Carch
carcino <> karsi
carcinoembryonic <> karsi
carcinogen <> kanse
carcinogenesis <> karsi
carcinogenic <> kanse
carcinogenicity <> karsi
carcinogenics <> kanse
carcinogens <> kanse
carcinoid <> karsi
carcinoids <> karsi
carcinology <> kanse
carcinoma <> kötüc
carcinoma <> kanse
carcinomas <> karsi
carcinomatosis <> karsi
carcinomatous <> karsi
carcinosarcoma <> karsi
carcinosarcomas <> karsi
carcinosis <> karsi
card <> belge
card <> espri
card <> fişle
card <> iskam
card <> kart
card <> kartl
card <> kartp
card <> kartv
card <> oyun
card <> progr
card <> tarak
card <> taram
card <> tebri
cardamine <> acı
cardamine <> acı 
cardamom <> kakul
cardamoms <> kakul
cardamon <> kakul
cardanic <> Karda
cardboard <> karto
cardboard <> mukav
cardboards <> karto
carded <> karde
carder <> tarak
cardholder <> kart
cardholders <> kart
cardi <> hırka
cardia <> kardi
cardiac <> kâlp
cardiac <> kardi
cardial <> miyok
cardialgia <> kâlp
cardigan <> hırka
cardigans <> hırka
cardinal <> öneml
cardinal <> ana
cardinal <> asıl
cardinal <> başlı
cardinal <> kardi
cardinal <> parla
cardinalities <> kardi
cardinality <> kardi
cardinals <> kardi
cardinalship <> kardi
carding <> tarak
carding <> taram
carding <> yapağ
cardio <> kardi
cardioactive <> kardi
cardiocentesis <> kardi
cardiocirculatory <> Kalp
cardiogenic <> kardi
cardiogram <> kardi
cardiograph <> organ
cardiography <> kardi
cardioid <> kardi
cardioinhibitory <> kardi
cardiologic <> kardi
cardiological <> kardi
cardiologist <> kardi
cardiologists <> kardi
cardiology <> kardi
cardiomegalia <> kardi
cardiomegaly <> kardi
cardiomyopathies <> kardi
cardiomyopathy <> kardi
cardiomyoplasty <> kardi
cardiopathy <> kardi
cardiophrenic <> kardi
cardioplegia <> kardi
cardioplegic <> kardi
cardiopulmonary <> kardi
cardiorenal <> kardi
cardiorespiratory <> kardi
cardioselective <> kardi
cardiothoracic <> kardi
cardiotocography <> kardi
cardiotonic <> kardi
cardiotoxic <> kardi
cardiotoxicity <> kardi
cardiovascular <> kardi
cardioversion <> kardi
cardioverter <> kardi
carditis <> kardi
cardo <> Cardo
cardon <> Cardo
cardos <> CardO
cardplayer <> CardP
cardreader <> kart
cards <> kartl
cardsharp <> hileb
cardsharper <> hileb
cardstock <> kartl
cardy <> Cardy
care <> önem
care <> önems
care <> özen
care <> üzünt
care <> aldır
care <> bakım
care <> beğen
care <> borç
care <> dikka
care <> endiş
care <> heves
care <> himay
care <> hoşla
care <> ilgi
care <> ilgil
care <> itina
care <> kafay
care <> kaygı
care <> kendi
care <> merak
care <> sevme
care <> tasa
care <> umuru
care <> vecib
care <> yapıl
cared <> umurs
careen <> karin
careen <> sarsı
careen <> sende
careen <> yan 
career <> dörtn
career <> hız
career <> hız 
career <> kariy
career <> koşma
career <> mesle
career <> sürat
careerist <> mesle
careers <> kariy
carefree <> derts
carefree <> endiş
carefree <> gamsı
carefree <> kalen
carefree <> kayıt
carefree <> kaygı
carefree <> tasas
careful <> ölçül
careful <> özenl
careful <> düşün
careful <> dikka
careful <> idare
careful <> itina
careful <> tedbi
careful <> titiz
careful <> tutum
carefully <> özenl
carefully <> dikka
carefully <> idare
carefully <> itina
carefully <> tutum
carefulness <> dikka
caregivers <> bakıc
caregiving <> bakım
careless <> aldır
careless <> düşün
careless <> dikka
careless <> gafil
careless <> ihmal
careless <> ilgis
careless <> kayıt
careless <> kaygı
careless <> lakay
careless <> perva
careless <> tasas
carelessly <> düşün
carelessly <> dikka
carelessly <> ihmâl
carelessly <> ilgis
carelessly <> kaygı
carelessly <> perva
carelessness <> aldır
carelessness <> dikka
carelessness <> ihmal
carelessness <> kayıt
careme <> Carem
carene <> karen
carer <> bakıc
carers <> bakıc
cares <> umuru
caress <> öpme
caress <> öpmek
caress <> kucak
caress <> okşam
caress <> sevme
caressed <> okşad
caresses <> Cares
caressing <> şefkâ
caressing <> okşam
caressing <> sevec
caressingly <> kucak
caret <> İncel
caretaker <> bakıc
caretaker <> bekçi
caretaker <> hadem
caretaker <> kapıc
caretakers <> Bakıc
caretaking <> kapıc
careworn <> üzünt
careworn <> üzgün
careworn <> endiş
carex <> Carex
carfare <> bilet
carfax <> Carfa
cargo <> kargo
cargo <> yük
cargoes <> Yükle
cargos <> yük
carhop <> garso
caribe <> Carib
caribou <> Kuzey
caribou <> karib
caricatura <> Caric
caricature <> kötü
caricature <> karik
caricatured <> karik
caricatures <> karik
caricaturing <> karik
caricaturist <> karik
caricaturists <> Karik
caricaturizing <> karik
caried <> kıvam
caries <> çürük
caries <> diş 
caries <> kemik
caries <> yenir
carillon <> çanla
carillon <> çeşit
carina <> omurg
carinae <> Karin
carinal <> karin
carinated <> Omurg
caring <> önems
caring <> şefkâ
caring <> bakım
caring <> sempa
caring <> yardı
carinthian <> Carin
cario <> Cario
cariocas <> Cario
carious <> çürük
carious <> çürüm
carisoprodol <> gener
cark <> CARK
carle <> Carle
carles <> Carle
carless <> Carle
carlin <> Carli
carline <> Carli
carlines <> CARLI
carling <> Carli
carlings <> Carli
carload <> araba
carload <> asgar
carload <> bir 
carload <> vagon
carls <> Kars
carman <> araba
carman <> kamyo
carman <> nakli
carmelite <> Carme
carmelites <> Carme
carmine <> kırmı
carmine <> parla
carmines <> Carmi
carminic <> karmi
carminite <> Karmi
carmustine <> karmu
carn <> Karan
carnage <> kan 
carnage <> katli
carnal <> şehve
carnal <> beden
carnal <> cinse
carnal <> dünye
carnality <> şehve
carnallite <> Karna
carnassial <> köpek
carnation <> karan
carnation <> pembe
carnations <> karan
carnes <> Carne
carnet <> karne
carnets <> karne
carney <> Carne
carnie <> Carni
carnifex <> Carni
carnitine <> karni
carnival <> şenli
carnival <> büyük
carnival <> eğlen
carnival <> festi
carnival <> gezic
carnival <> karna
carnivalesque <> karna
carnivals <> karna
carnivora <> etçil
carnivora <> etobu
carnivore <> etobu
carnivores <> etobu
carnivorous <> etçil
carnivorous <> etobu
carnosaur <> Karno
carnosine <> karno
carnot <> Carno
carnotite <> Karno
carny <> Carny
carob <> harnu
carob <> keçib
carol <> şarkı
carol <> ilahi
caroli <> Carol
carolin <> Carol
carolines <> Carol
carols <> şarkı
carolus <> Carol
carom <> çarpa
carom <> karam
carotene <> karot
carotenes <> karot
carotenoid <> karot
carotenoids <> karot
carotid <> şahda
carotid <> karot
carotids <> karot
carotis <> karot
carousal <> alem
carousal <> cümbü
carousal <> içki
carouse <> içki
carouse <> kafay
carousel <> atlık
carp <> beğen
carp <> eleşt
carp <> kusur
carp <> mızmı
carp <> sazan
carpal <> bilek
carpal <> karpa
carpark <> Otopa
carparks <> otopa
carpathian <> Karpa
carpel <> karpe
carpel <> meyve
carpenter <> dülge
carpenter <> doğra
carpenter <> maran
carpenters <> maran
carpentery <> maran
carpentries <> Doğra
carpentry <> dülge
carpentry <> doğra
carpentry <> maran
carper <> Carpe
carpet <> örtme
carpet <> azarl
carpet <> haşla
carpet <> halı
carpet <> kapla
carpetbagging <> dolan
carpeted <> halı
carpeting <> halı
carpets <> halı
carpetting <> halı
carpholite <> karfo
carphosiderite <> Karfo
carpi <> karpi
carpometacarpal <> karpo
carpool <> Sürme
carport <> yanla
carpus <> bilek
carpus <> el 
carr <> Carr
carrageen <> karra
carrageenan <> karag
carrel <> tek
carrel <> tek 
carrell <> Carre
carrels <> karel
carriable <> taşın
carriage <> araba
carriage <> binek
carriage <> duruş
carriage <> nakli
carriage <> navlu
carriage <> onayl
carriage <> taşım
carriage <> taşıy
carriage <> tavır
carriage <> tutum
carriage <> vagon
carriageable <> araba
carriages <> araba
carriageway <> anayo
carriageways <> yolla
carrick <> Carri
carried <> yapıl
carrier <> hamal
carrier <> kızak
carrier <> kurye
carrier <> nakli
carrier <> portö
carrier <> port
carrier <> taşıy
carrier <> ulak
carriers <> taşıy
carries <> taşır
carrion <> kokmu
carrion <> leş
carrion <> leş 
carrol <> Carro
carrom <> Carro
carrot <> havuç
carrot <> kızıl
carrots <> havuç
carrots <> kızıl
carroty <> havuç
carroty <> kızıl
carrousel <> atlık
carry <> çakma
carry <> çekme
carry <> başar
carry <> bulun
carry <> elde
carry <> götür
carry <> geçir
carry <> getir
carry <> golft
carry <> kaldı
carry <> karad
carry <> menzi
carry <> nakle
carry <> sağla
carry <> satış
carry <> sevke
carry <> taşım
carry <> taşıy
carry <> yayım
carryall <> çuval
carryall <> harha
carryall <> yolcu
carrycots <> taşın
carryin <> etmem
carrying <> nakli
carrying <> taşım
carryover <> devre
carryover <> ertel
carryover <> nakli
carryover <> repor
cars <> araba
carse <> Carse
carsick <> araba
carsickness <> araba
cart <> çekçe
cart <> araba
cart <> at 
cart <> el 
cartage <> araba
cartage <> navlu
cartage <> taşım
cartas <> Carta
carted <> taşıy
cartel <> esir
cartel <> karte
cartelization <> karte
cartelize <> karte
cartels <> karte
carteolol <> Karte
carter <> araba
carter <> carte
carter <> kamyo
carter <> yük 
carters <> başar
carthamin <> karta
cartilage <> kıkır
cartilages <> kıkır
cartilaginous <> kıkır
carting <> karti
cartload <> bir
cartload <> bir 
cartload <> sürü
cartload <> yığın
cartographer <> harit
cartographer <> karto
cartographers <> harit
cartographic <> karto
cartographical <> bel
cartography <> harit
cartography <> karto
cartomancy <> iskam
cartomancy <> kâğıt
carton <> karto
carton <> kutu
carton <> mukav
carton <> nişan
carton <> oniki
cartoning <> kutul
cartons <> karto
cartoon <> çizgi
cartoon <> dizi
cartoon <> karik
cartoon <> resim
cartooning <> karik
cartoonish <> karik
cartoonist <> çizgi
cartoonist <> karik
cartoonists <> karik
cartoons <> karik
cartouch <> kabar
cartouche <> kabar
cartouches <> kartu
cartridge <> fişek
cartridge <> film
cartridge <> hartu
cartridge <> kartu
cartridge <> kutu
cartridge <> pikap
cartridge <> zarf
cartridges <> kartu
carts <> araba
cartwheel <> at 
cartwheel <> yanla
cartwright <> araba
carty <> Carty
caruncle <> karün
carus <> Carus
carvacrol <> thymo
carvallo <> Carva
carve <> doğra
carve <> hakka
carve <> hakke
carve <> keser
carve <> kesme
carve <> oyma
carve <> oymac
carve <> oymak
carved <> oyulm
carvedilol <> Karve
carvel <> karav
carver <> et 
carver <> hakkâ
carver <> oymac
carvers <> et
carvers <> et 
carvery <> et
carvery <> et 
carving <> hakke
carving <> kıvır
carving <> oyma
carving <> oymac
carvings <> oymal
carwash <> Carwa
caryatid <> kadın
caryatid <> karya
caryinite <> Karyi
caryophyllene <> karyo
casaba <> kavun
casbah <> Çarşı
cascadable <> sonra
cascade <> çağla
cascade <> şelâl
cascade <> dalga
cascade <> kadem
cascaded <> Kaska
cascades <> Casca
cascading <> basam
cascara <> Akdik
casco <> kasko
cascode <> kasko
case <> çanta
case <> örtme
case <> ciltl
case <> dava
case <> delil
case <> dikiz
case <> durum
case <> görüş
case <> gözet
case <> hasta
case <> hukuk
case <> husus
case <> kılıf
case <> kanıt
case <> kap
case <> kapla
case <> kasa
case <> kovan
case <> kutu
case <> kutul
case <> mahfa
case <> neden
case <> olay
case <> sorun
case <> tuhaf
case <> valiz
case <> yerin
caseating <> kazei
caseation <> kazei
casebook <> Karar
cased <> kasal
casein <> kazei
casein <> sütte
caseinate <> kazei
caseinates <> kazei
caseins <> kazei
caseload <> yükün
casemaker <> Casem
casemate <> kazam
casemate <> siper
casement <> kanat
casement <> pence
caseous <> peyni
caser <> Caser
caserne <> Caser
cases <> Olgul
casette <> kaset
casette <> kutu
casettes <> kaset
casework <> probl
casework <> sosya
caseworker <> sosya
cash <> bozdu
cash <> bozma
cash <> nakit
cash <> para
cash <> paray
cash <> peşin
cash <> ufak
cashable <> paray
cashbox <> kasa
cashed <> paray
cashes <> paral
cashew <> kaşu
cashews <> kaju
cashflows <> nakit
cashier <> atmak
cashier <> işine
cashier <> kasad
cashier <> kasiy
cashier <> kovma
cashier <> vezne
cashiers <> Kasa
cashing <> bozdu
cashless <> paras
cashmere <> kaşmi
casing <> çerçe
casing <> bumba
casing <> dış 
casing <> kılıf
casing <> kapla
casing <> kasa
casing <> muhaf
casings <> muhaf
casino <> gazin
casino <> kumar
casinos <> casin
cask <> fıçı
cask <> varil
casket <> küçük
casket <> mücev
casket <> tabut
caskets <> çekme
casks <> fıçıl
caspase <> kaspa
caspases <> kaspa
casque <> başlı
casque <> miğfe
cass <> Cass
cassation <> fesih
cassation <> iptal
cassava <> manyo
cassegrain <> Casse
casserole <> güveç
casseroles <> güveç
cassette <> kaset
cassette <> kutu
cassettes <> kaset
cassia <> Cassi
cassidyite <> Kasid
cassina <> Cassi
cassine <> Cassi
cassiopeia <> Cassi
cassiterite <> kasit
cassius <> Cassi
cassock <> cüppe
cassone <> Casso
cassowary <> Casso
cast <> çarpı
cast <> çeşit
cast <> alçı
cast <> atma
cast <> atmak
cast <> az 
cast <> biçim
cast <> boşal
cast <> cins
cast <> döküm
cast <> dökme
cast <> eğril
cast <> erken
cast <> fırla
cast <> kalıb
cast <> kalıp
cast <> kehan
cast <> kokuy
cast <> kusma
cast <> nüans
cast <> olta
cast <> oyunc
cast <> rol 
cast <> tip
cast <> ton
cast <> voli
cast <> yönte
cast <> yem 
cast <> zarda
cast <> zoka
castability <> dökül
castanea <> Casta
castanet <> kasta
castanet <> parma
castaway <> çürüğ
castaway <> atılm
castaway <> kazaz
castaway <> redde
castaways <> kazaz
caste <> kast
caste <> sosya
casted <> döküm
castelet <> Caste
castella <> Caste
castellan <> kale
castellar <> Caste
castellated <> kale
castellated <> kulel
castellum <> Caste
caster <> biber
caster <> dökme
caster <> küçük
caster <> teker
caster <> tuzlu
casters <> teker
casthouse <> döküm
castigate <> azarl
castigate <> cezal
castigate <> dövme
castigate <> kınam
castigation <> azarl
castigation <> cezal
castigation <> kınam
casting <> ağ 
casting <> astar
casting <> döküm
casting <> dökme
casting <> kalıb
casting <> olta
casting <> rol 
castings <> döküm
castle <> şato
castle <> hisar
castle <> kale
castle <> kaley
castle <> rok 
castles <> kalel
castling <> rok
castling <> rok 
castor <> şeker
castor <> biber
castor <> dökme
castor <> hinty
castor <> ikizl
castor <> kasto
castor <> kundu
castor <> tuzlu
castors <> teker
castrate <> hadım
castrate <> iğdiş
castrate <> kısır
castrate <> kuvve
castrate <> sansü
castrated <> hadım
castrating <> hadım
castration <> hadım
castration <> iğdiş
casts <> atmal
casual <> üstün
casual <> doğad
casual <> günde
casual <> geçic
casual <> geliş
casual <> kaçam
casual <> rastl
casual <> sırad
casual <> tesad
casual <> yoksu
casualisation <> geçic
casualization <> geçic
casually <> üstün
casually <> günde
casually <> günlü
casually <> geliş
casually <> kaçam
casually <> rasla
casually <> sırad
casually <> tesad
casualness <> geliş
casuals <> günde
casualties <> ölü 
casualties <> kayıp
casualties <> zayia
casualty <> ölü
casualty <> şehit
casualty <> felâk
casualty <> kaza
casualty <> yaral
casuarina <> Casua
casuist <> ahlâk
casuist <> safsa
casuistic <> ahlâk
casuistic <> safsa
casuistical <> ahlâk
casuistical <> safsa
casuistically <> ahlâk
casuistically <> safsa
casuistry <> safsa
casuistry <> vicda
cat <> caz 
cat <> dedik
cat <> griva
cat <> kedi
cat <> kinci
cat <> pisi
cata <> kata
catabolic <> katab
catabolised <> katab
catabolism <> katab
catabolites <> katab
catabolized <> katab
cataclasis <> katak
cataclasite <> Katak
cataclasites <> değiş
cataclastic <> katak
cataclysm <> afet
cataclysm <> felâk
cataclysm <> karış
cataclysm <> tufan
cataclysm <> yerka
cataclysmic <> felak
cataclysms <> felak
catacomb <> katak
catacomb <> yeral
catadioptric <> katad
catafalque <> kataf
catagen <> kataj
catagories <> kateg
catalase <> katal
catalases <> katal
catalepsis <> irade
catalepsis <> katal
catalepsy <> irade
catalepsy <> katal
cataleptic <> katal
catalog <> ardar
catalog <> fihri
catalog <> kütüp
catalog <> katal
catalog <> olayl
cataloged <> Katal
catalogers <> katal
cataloging <> katal
catalogs <> katal
catalogue <> ardar
catalogue <> fihri
catalogue <> kütüp
catalogue <> katal
catalogue <> olayl
catalogued <> Katal
cataloguer <> katal
cataloguers <> katal
catalogues <> katal
cataloguing <> katal
catalpa <> katal
catalyse <> katal
catalyse <> kolay
catalysed <> katal
catalyser <> katal
catalysers <> katal
catalyses <> katal
catalysing <> katal
catalysis <> katal
catalysis <> tezle
catalyst <> katal
catalysts <> katal
catalytic <> katal
catalytical <> katal
catalytically <> katal
catalyze <> katal
catalyze <> kolay
catalyzed <> katal
catalyzer <> katal
catalyzers <> katal
catalyzes <> katal
catalyzing <> katal
catamaran <> hırçı
catamaran <> kütük
catamaran <> katam
catamarans <> katam
catamenia <> Catam
catamite <> ibne
catamite <> oğlan
catamount <> kedig
cataphoresis <> kataf
cataphoretic <> kataf
cataphoretically <> katof
cataplasm <> yakı
catapleiite <> Katap
cataplexy <> katap
catapult <> atmak
catapult <> fırla
catapult <> katap
catapult <> mancı
catapult <> sapan
catapult <> uçak
catapult <> vurma
catapulted <> mancı
catapults <> Mancı
cataract <> çağla
cataract <> şelâl
cataract <> katar
cataract <> perde
cataract <> sel
cataractous <> katar
cataracts <> katar
catarrh <> nezle
catarrhal <> nezle
catastrophe <> afet
catastrophe <> dönüm
catastrophe <> felâk
catastrophes <> felak
catastrophic <> felâk
catastrophic <> felak
catastrophical <> felâk
catastrophically <> katas
catatonia <> katat
catatonic <> katat
catawba <> Cataw
catbird <> alayc
catbird <> miyav
catboat <> tek
catboat <> tek 
catcall <> ıslık
catcall <> yuhal
catch <> çalış
catch <> çekme
catch <> aldat
catch <> anlam
catch <> av
catch <> baskı
catch <> basma
catch <> bitye
catch <> bulaş
catch <> cezbe
catch <> edinm
catch <> ensel
catch <> gafil
catch <> geçme
catch <> hile
catch <> kâr
catch <> kanca
catch <> kapma
catch <> kavra
catch <> kilit
catch <> maruz
catch <> sıkış
catch <> takıl
catch <> tokat
catch <> toplu
catch <> tutma
catch <> tutuş
catch <> tutun
catch <> tuzak
catch <> voli
catch <> vurma
catch <> yakal
catch <> yetiş
catchable <> Yakal
catchall <> ötebe
catchall <> geniş
catched <> yakal
catcher <> catch
catcher <> yakal
catchers <> yakal
catches <> yakal
catching <> çekic
catching <> bulaş
catching <> cazip
catching <> kapma
catchings <> Catch
catchment <> havza
catchment <> hizme
catchment <> su 
catchment <> topla
catchments <> havza
catchpenny <> işpor
catchpenny <> ucuz
catchphrase <> sloga
catchpole <> borçl
catchpoll <> borçl
catchup <> ketça
catchweight <> serbe
catchword <> parol
catchword <> repli
catchword <> sayfa
catchword <> sloga
catchwords <> anaht
catchy <> çekic
catchy <> akıld
catchy <> aldat
catchy <> cazip
cate <> Cate
catechin <> kateş
catechins <> kateş
catechism <> ilmih
catechism <> soru
catechist <> dini
catechize <> ilmih
catechize <> sorgu
catechize <> soru
catechol <> katek
catecholamine <> katek
catecholaminergic <> katek
catecholamines <> katek
catechols <> Katek
catechu <> Hint
catechumen <> acemi
catechumen <> din 
catechumens <> Katek
categoric <> kateg
categorical <> açık
categorical <> kateg
categorical <> kesin
categorical <> koşul
categorically <> kateg
categorically <> kesin
categorically <> koşul
categories <> kateg
categorisation <> kateg
categorisations <> kateg
categorise <> kateg
categorise <> sınıf
categorised <> kateg
categorises <> kateg
categorising <> sınıf
categorization <> kateg
categorizations <> kateg
categorize <> kateg
categorize <> sınıf
categorized <> kateg
categorizer <> kateg
categorizes <> sınıf
categorizing <> sınıf
category <> bölüm
category <> grup
category <> kateg
category <> sınıf
category <> zümre
catena <> zinci
catenary <> katen
cater <> hitap
cater <> sağla
cater <> temin
catered <> yiyec
caterer <> ikram
caterer <> yiyec
caterers <> cater
catering <> cater
catering <> ikram
catering <> yiyec
caterpillar <> kurt
caterpillar <> tırtı
caterpillar <> trakt
caterpillars <> tırtı
caterpiller <> Cater
caterwaul <> Mart
caterwaul <> azgın
caterwaul <> kedil
cates <> Cates
cateye <> CATEY
catfights <> Catfi
catfish <> yayın
catgut <> hayva
catgut <> kiriş
catguts <> ipliğ
catharsis <> amel
catharsis <> ishal
catharsis <> katar
cathartic <> katar
cathartics <> katar
cathay <> Catha
cathedral <> büyük
cathedral <> kated
cathedrals <> kated
cathepsin <> katep
cathepsins <> katep
catheter <> sonda
catheterisation <> katet
catheterization <> katet
catheterizations <> katet
catheterize <> katet
catheterized <> katet
catheters <> katet
cathexes <> yatır
cathexis <> yatır
cathion <> Katyo
cathode <> eksi
cathode <> katot
cathodes <> katot
cathodic <> katod
cathodical <> Katod
cathodoluminescence <> katod
catholic <> açık
catholic <> genel
catholic <> katol
catholic <> liber
catholic <> yaygı
catholicate <> Katol
catholicism <> katol
catholicists <> Katol
catholicity <> açık
catholicity <> düşün
catholicity <> katol
catholicos <> Katol
catholics <> Katol
catholyte <> Katol
cathouse <> Catho
cation <> katyo
cationic <> katyo
cationically <> katyo
cationised <> Katyo
cations <> katyo
catkin <> huş 
catkin <> söğüt
catkins <> kedic
catlike <> kedi
catlin <> Catli
catling <> Catli
catnap <> şeker
catnap <> kesti
catnap <> tavşa
cats <> kedil
catskill <> Catsk
catskills <> Catsk
catsup <> bahar
catsup <> ketça
cattish <> hain
cattish <> kedi
cattish <> kurna
cattish <> sinsi
cattle <> insan
cattle <> sığır
cattleman <> sığır
cattleya <> Cattl
catty <> hain
catty <> kedi
catty <> kurna
catty <> sinsi
catwalk <> dar 
catwalk <> podyu
catwalks <> podyu
caucus <> klik
caucus <> parti
caucuses <> kurul
cauda <> kauda
caudal <> kuyru
caudally <> kauda
caudata <> Cauda
caudate <> kuyru
caudatus <> kauda
caudle <> şerbe
caudle <> hasta
caudron <> Caudr
caught <> yakal
cauldron <> kazan
cauldrons <> kazan
cauliflower <> karna
cauliflowers <> karna
cauline <> sap
cauline <> sap 
caulk <> kalaf
caulker <> kalaf
caulks <> Zifti
causa <> Causa
causal <> neden
causal <> sebep
causalities <> neden
causality <> neden
causally <> neden
causation <> neden
causation <> sebep
causative <> ettir
causative <> neden
causatively <> neden
causatives <> Ettir
cause <> amaç
cause <> dava
cause <> doğur
cause <> gaye
cause <> haklı
cause <> iş
cause <> meyda
cause <> neden
cause <> probl
cause <> sebep
cause <> sorun
cause <> yol 
caused <> neden
causeless <> neden
causeless <> rastl
causeless <> sebep
causelessly <> neden
causelessly <> tesad
causerie <> konuş
causerie <> makal
causerie <> söyle
causerie <> sohbe
causes <> neden
causeway <> batak
causeway <> bozuk
causeway <> geçit
causeways <> Cadde
causey <> Cause
causing <> neden
caustic <> aşınd
caustic <> iğnel
caustic <> kezza
caustic <> kosti
caustic <> onur
caustic <> sert
caustic <> yakıc
caustically <> acı
causticity <> aşınd
causticity <> alayc
causticity <> iğnel
causticity <> yakıc
cauter <> koter
cauterization <> dağla
cauterization <> yakma
cauterize <> dağla
cauterize <> yakma
cauterized <> dağla
cautery <> dağla
cautery <> yakma
caution <> dikka
caution <> garip
caution <> ihtar
caution <> ihtiy
caution <> ikaz
caution <> kefal
caution <> sakın
caution <> tedbi
caution <> tembi
caution <> temin
caution <> tuhaf
caution <> uyarı
caution <> uyarm
cautionary <> ikaz
cautionary <> uyarı
cautioned <> uyard
cautioning <> uyarı
cautions <> uyard
cautious <> dikka
cautious <> ihtiy
cautious <> sakın
cautious <> tedbi
cautiously <> dikka
cautiously <> ihtiy
cautiousness <> dikka
cautiousness <> ihtiy
cautiousness <> tedbi
cava <> kava
caval <> kaval
cavalcade <> süvar
cavalcades <> geçen
cavalier <> şarl
cavalier <> atlı
cavalier <> kaval
cavalier <> kendi
cavalier <> kibir
cavalier <> lauba
cavalier <> rahat
cavalier <> süvar
cavalier <> serbe
cavalier <> ukalâ
cavalierly <> lauba
cavalierly <> rahat
cavalierly <> serbe
cavalierly <> ukalâ
cavaliers <> Caval
cavalry <> süvar
cavalryman <> süvar
cavalrymen <> süvar
cavatina <> kavat
cave <> çökme
cave <> açmak
cave <> aman
cave <> batma
cave <> boyun
cave <> dikka
cave <> in
cave <> kazma
cave <> mağar
cave <> oymak
cave <> parti
cave <> pes 
cave <> sakın
cave <> siyas
cave <> yıkıl
caveat <> askı
caveat <> işlem
caveat <> ikaz
caveat <> uyarı
caveats <> uyarı
caved <> göçtü
caveman <> hoyra
caveman <> kaba
caveman <> mağar
cavemen <> Cavem
cavendish <> işlen
cavern <> büyük
cavern <> mağar
cavern <> oyuk
cavern <> patol
cavernoma <> kaver
cavernosa <> kaver
cavernosum <> kaver
cavernous <> çökmü
cavernous <> boğuk
cavernous <> delik
cavernous <> kaver
cavernous <> mağar
caverns <> mağar
cavers <> mağar
caves <> mağar
caviar <> balık
caviar <> havya
caviare <> havya
caviars <> havya
cavil <> şikây
cavil <> bahan
cavil <> itira
cavil <> kusur
caviler <> itira
caviller <> itira
cavin <> Cavin
caving <> mağar
cavitary <> kavit
cavitating <> Kavit
cavitation <> boşla
cavitation <> kavit
cavitations <> kavit
cavities <> boşlu
cavity <> çürük
cavity <> çukur
cavity <> boşlu
cavity <> delik
cavity <> kovuk
cavity <> oyuk
cavopulmonary <> kavop
cavort <> hopla
cavort <> sıçra
cavort <> zıpla
cavy <> Güney
cavy <> kobay
caw <> ötmek
caw <> gak
caw <> gakla
caw <> karga
caw <> kuzgu
cawing <> Öten
caxton <> Caxto
cayenne <> çok 
cayenne <> Arnav
cayenne <> iskam
cayenne <> kırmı
cayennes <> Cayen
cayman <> timsa
cayman <> tropi
cays <> Cays
ceas <> ÇEAŞ
cease <> bitir
cease <> bitme
cease <> dinme
cease <> durdu
cease <> durma
cease <> kesil
cease <> kesme
cease <> son 
cease <> sona
cease <> vazge
ceased <> durdu
ceasefire <> ateşk
ceasefire <> silâh
ceaseless <> bitev
ceaseless <> durak
ceaseless <> fasıl
ceaselessly <> durma
ceases <> vazge
ceasing <> kesil
cecal <> çekal
cecum <> körba
ced <> CED
cedar <> dağ 
cedar <> sedir
cedars <> sedir
cedarwood <> sedir
cede <> devre
cede <> terke
cede <> tesli
cede <> vazge
cede <> verme
ceded <> devre
cedi <> Cedi
cedilla <> çenge
cedilla <> harf
cedillas <> cedil
ceding <> sedan
cee <> C
cee <> C 
cees <> Cees
cefaclor <> sefak
cefazolin <> sefaz
cefoperazone <> sefop
cefotaxime <> sefot
cefoxitin <> sefok
ceftazidime <> sefta
ceftriaxone <> seftr
cefuroxime <> sefur
ceil <> tavan
ceili <> Ceili
ceiling <> iç 
ceiling <> tavan
ceiling <> yükse
ceilinged <> tavan
ceilings <> tavan
celadon <> selad
celadons <> Selad
celandine <> basur
celandine <> kırla
celebrant <> papaz
celebrate <> övmek
celebrate <> aşai
celebrate <> anmak
celebrate <> ayin
celebrate <> bayra
celebrate <> gökle
celebrate <> kutla
celebrate <> yönet
celebrated <> ünlü
celebrated <> meşhu
celebrates <> kutlu
celebrating <> kutlu
celebration <> anma
celebration <> kutla
celebration <> tören
celebrations <> kutla
celebratory <> kutla
celebrities <> ünlül
celebrity <> ün
celebrity <> ünlü
celebrity <> şöhre
celebrity <> tanın
celeriac <> kerev
celeries <> kerev
celerity <> çabuk
celerity <> hız
celerity <> sürat
celery <> kerev
celesta <> Celes
celestes <> Celes
celestial <> Çinli
celestial <> çok 
celestial <> gök
celestial <> gökse
celestial <> gökyü
celestial <> ilahi
celestial <> kutsa
celestial <> tanrı
celestina <> Celes
celestine <> söles
celestite <> söles
celiac <> Çölya
celiac <> karın
celiacs <> çölya
celibacy <> bekâr
celibate <> bekâr
celibate <> dini
celio <> Celio
cell <> göz
cell <> hücre
cell <> oda
cell <> petek
cell <> pil
cell <> toplu
cellar <> şarap
cellar <> bodru
cellar <> kiler
cellar <> mahze
cellarage <> bodru
cellarage <> mahze
cellarer <> kiler
cellarer <> manas
cellars <> kiler
celled <> hücre
celli <> Celli
celling <> tavan
cellist <> çello
cellist <> viyol
cellmate <> ruh
cello <> çello
cello <> viyol
cellophane <> şeffa
cellophane <> selof
cellos <> çello
cellphone <> cep
cellphones <> cep
cells <> hücre
cellular <> ajurl
cellular <> gözen
cellular <> hücre
cellularity <> hücre
cellulase <> selül
cellulases <> sellü
cellule <> gözec
cellule <> hücre
cellulite <> Selül
cellulites <> selül
cellulitis <> selül
celluloid <> selül
cellulose <> selül
celluloses <> Selül
cellulosic <> selül
cels <> Cels
celt <> Hint-
celt <> Kelt
celts <> Keltl
cembalo <> çemba
cembalo <> klavs
cembalo <> klavy
cement <> çimen
cement <> beton
cement <> diş 
cement <> dolgu
cement <> dostl
cement <> güçle
cement <> macun
cement <> pekiş
cement <> sağla
cement <> tutka
cement <> yapış
cement <> zamk
cementation <> çimen
cementation <> bağlı
cementation <> semen
cementation <> tavla
cementation <> yapış
cementations <> çimen
cemented <> çimen
cementing <> çimen
cementite <> semen
cementitious <> çimen
cementless <> çimen
cements <> çimen
cementum <> semen
cemetaries <> mezar
cemetary <> şehit
cemetary <> kabri
cemetary <> mezar
cemeteries <> mezar
cemetery <> şehit
cemetery <> kabri
cemetery <> mezar
cenation <> Cenat
cendre <> Kül
cenobite <> manas
cenomanian <> Senom
cenotaph <> Londr
cenotaph <> anıt
cenotaph <> temsi
cenotes <> Cenot
cens <> CENS
cense <> buhur
cense <> tütsü
censer <> buhur
censer <> tütsü
censers <> buhur
censor <> bilin
censor <> denet
censor <> mektu
censor <> sansü
censored <> sansü
censoring <> sansü
censorious <> devam
censorious <> eleşt
censorious <> tenki
censoriously <> devam
censoriously <> tenki
censors <> Sansü
censorship <> sansü
censurable <> eleşt
censure <> eleşt
censure <> kınam
censure <> suçla
censure <> tenki
census <> nüfus
census <> sayım
censuses <> sayım
cent <> dolar
cent <> sent
centage <> Burad
centaur <> iki 
centaur <> insan
centaurea <> Centa
centauri <> Centa
centaurs <> Centa
centaurus <> Kenta
centaury <> kanta
centenarian <> asırl
centenarian <> yüz 
centenarian <> yüzyı
centenary <> asır
centenary <> asırl
centenary <> yüzün
centenary <> yüzyı
centennial <> yüzün
centennial <> yüzyı
center <> çevre
center <> ılıml
center <> göbek
center <> kemer
center <> konsa
center <> kubbe
center <> merke
center <> odak
center <> orta
center <> ortal
center <> ortay
center <> punta
center <> santr
center <> sente
center <> yoğun
centerable <> Merke
centerboard <> işler
centerboard <> salma
centered <> merke
centeredness <> merke
centerfield <> Cente
centerfold <> Cente
centerfolds <> Cente
centering <> merke
centerless <> merke
centerline <> merke
centermost <> ortas
centerpiece <> merke
centers <> merke
centesimal <> yüzün
centesimal <> yüzde
centi <> Centi
centigrade <> santi
centigrade <> yüz 
centigram <> santi
centigramme <> santi
centile <> persa
centiles <> dilim
centime <> santi
centimeter <> santi
centimeters <> santi
centimetre <> santi
centimetres <> santi
centipede <> kırka
centipoise <> Santi
centistoke <> Santi
cento <> CENTO
centos <> CentO
central <> önde
central <> asıl
central <> baş
central <> esas
central <> merke
central <> orta
central <> santr
centralisation <> merke
centralise <> merke
centralised <> merke
centralises <> merke
centralising <> merke
centralism <> merke
centralist <> merke
centralistic <> merke
centrality <> merke
centralization <> merke
centralize <> merke
centralized <> merke
centralizes <> merke
centralizing <> merke
centrally <> merke
centrals <> santr
centre <> çevre
centre <> ılıml
centre <> göbek
centre <> kemer
centre <> konsa
centre <> kubbe
centre <> merke
centre <> odak
centre <> orta
centre <> ortal
centre <> ortay
centre <> punta
centre <> santr
centre <> sente
centre <> yoğun
centreboard <> işler
centreboard <> salma
centred <> merke
centredness <> merke
centrefolds <> Centr
centreline <> merke
centrepiece <> merke
centres <> merke
centric <> merke
centrical <> merke
centrically <> merke
centricity <> merke
centrifugal <> merke
centrifugal <> santr
centrifugally <> merke
centrifugation <> santr
centrifuge <> santr
centrifuged <> santr
centrifuges <> santr
centrifuging <> santr
centrifugum <> Centr
centrilobular <> sentr
centring <> merke
centrioles <> sentr
centripetal <> merke
centripetally <> merke
centrism <> merke
centrist <> merke
centrists <> merke
centroids <> cisim
centromere <> sentr
centromeres <> sentr
centromeric <> sentr
centroplasm <> Sentr
centrosome <> sentr
centrosomes <> sentr
centrums <> centr
cents <> sent
centum <> Centu
centuple <> yüz
centuple <> yüz 
centuplicate <> yüz
centuplicate <> yüz 
centuplicate <> yüzle
centuries <> Yüzyı
centurion <> yüz
centurion <> yüz 
centurions <> centu
century <> asır
century <> yüz 
century <> yüzyı
cepe <> CEPE
cephal <> sefal
cephalad <> sefal
cephalanthera <> Cepha
cephalexin <> sefal
cephalic <> başa
cephalic <> kafad
cephalo <> baş
cephalochordata <> Cepha
cephalograms <> sefal
cephalometric <> sefal
cephalometrics <> sefal
cephalometry <> sefal
cephalopathy <> ensef
cephalopelvic <> sefal
cephalopod <> kafad
cephalopoda <> Sefal
cephalopods <> sefal
cephalosporin <> sefal
cephalosporinase <> sefal
cephalosporins <> sefal
cephalothin <> sefal
cephalotripsy <> Cepha
cephalous <> başlı
cephalous <> kafas
cepheid <> Sefei
cepheids <> Sefei
ceps <> CEPS
ceptor <> Cepto
ceramic <> çini
ceramic <> porse
ceramic <> seram
ceramicist <> seram
ceramicists <> seram
ceramics <> çömle
ceramics <> seram
ceramide <> seram
ceramides <> seram
ceramist <> çinic
ceramist <> seram
ceramists <> Seram
ceratin <> şüphe
ceratin <> belir
ceratin <> belli
ceratin <> emin
ceratin <> falan
ceratin <> güven
ceratin <> herha
ceratin <> kesin
ceratin <> kuşku
ceratin <> muhak
ceratin <> mutlâ
ceratites <> Serat
ceratitis <> Cerat
cerato <> Cerat
ceratoid <> Serat
ceratonia <> Cerat
ceratophyllum <> Cerat
ceratotherium <> Cerat
cerberus <> cehen
cerberus <> cerbe
cercal <> Cerca
cerci <> Cerci
cercis <> Cerci
cerclage <> serkl
cere <> Cere
cerea <> Cerea
cereal <> hubub
cereal <> kahva
cereal <> mısır
cereal <> tahıl
cerealia <> Cerea
cereals <> hubub
cereals <> kahva
cereals <> mısır
cereals <> tahıl
cerebellar <> sereb
cerebello <> sereb
cerebellopontine <> sereb
cerebellum <> beyin
cerebellum <> dimağ
cerebra <> Cereb
cerebral <> beyin
cerebrate <> beyni
cerebrate <> düşün
cerebration <> beyin
cerebration <> düşün
cerebri <> sereb
cerebriform <> sereb
cerebritis <> sereb
cerebro <> sereb
cerebroside <> sereb
cerebrospinal <> beyin
cerebrovascular <> sereb
cerebrum <> beyin
cerebrums <> beyni
cerecloth <> kefen
cerecloth <> mumlu
cered <> Cered
cerement <> kefen
cerements <> kefen
ceremonial <> ayin
ceremonial <> dini
ceremonial <> meras
ceremonial <> resmi
ceremonial <> serem
ceremonial <> tören
ceremonialists <> Ritüe
ceremonially <> tören
ceremonials <> toren
ceremonies <> meras
ceremonies <> tören
ceremonious <> dini
ceremonious <> fazla
ceremonious <> meras
ceremonious <> resmi
ceremonious <> tören
ceremoniously <> Tören
ceremony <> ayin
ceremony <> dini
ceremony <> dinse
ceremony <> meras
ceremony <> nezak
ceremony <> proto
ceremony <> resmi
ceremony <> serem
ceremony <> tören
ceric <> seryu
cerise <> kiraz
cerises <> Ceris
cerium <> seryu
cermet <> serme
cermets <> serme
ceroid <> Hepat
ceros <> CEROS
cert <> serti
certain <> şüphe
certain <> belir
certain <> belli
certain <> emin
certain <> falan
certain <> güven
certain <> herha
certain <> kesin
certain <> kuşku
certain <> muhak
certain <> mutlâ
certainly <> şüphe
certainly <> elbet
certainly <> kesin
certainly <> kuşku
certainly <> muhak
certainly <> tabii
certainties <> kesin
certainty <> katiy
certainty <> kesin
certifiable <> akıl
certifiable <> beyan
certifiable <> bildi
certifiable <> doğru
certifiable <> doşru
certifiable <> kaçık
certifiable <> onayl
certifiable <> zırde
certifiably <> Certi
certificate <> belge
certificate <> diplo
certificate <> kimli
certificate <> ruhsa
certificate <> serti
certificate <> tasdi
certificated <> belge
certificated <> onayl
certificated <> resmi
certificates <> serti
certificating <> serti
certification <> belge
certification <> onay
certification <> onayl
certification <> ruhsa
certifications <> serti
certified <> belge
certified <> delil
certified <> diplo
certified <> garan
certified <> onayl
certified <> taahh
certified <> tasdi
certifier <> serti
certifiers <> serti
certifies <> onayl
certify <> belge
certify <> deli
certify <> doğru
certify <> garan
certify <> haval
certify <> kabul
certify <> kanıt
certify <> onayl
certify <> tasdi
certifying <> belge
certiorari <> temyi
certitude <> katiy
certitude <> kesin
cerulean <> gök
cerulean <> gök 
cerulein <> serul
ceruloplasmin <> serul
cerumen <> kulak
ceruse <> üstüb
ceruse <> fondö
cervical <> boyun
cervical <> rahim
cervicalis <> servi
cervicitis <> servi
cervico <> servi
cervicofacial <> servi
cervicothoracic <> servi
cervicovaginal <> servi
cervine <> geyik
cervix <> boyna
cervix <> boyun
cervix <> rahim
cervus <> Cervu
cesarean <> sezar
cesarevitch <> çar'ı
cesarian <> sezar
cesium <> sezyu
cess <> prose
cessation <> ara
cessation <> bırak
cessation <> durma
cessation <> fasıl
cessation <> kesil
cessed <> tarzd
cesses <> de
cession <> çekil
cession <> devir
cession <> devre
cession <> terk
cession <> vazge
cesspit <> çöp 
cesspit <> fosse
cesspit <> lağım
cesspool <> çöp 
cesspool <> çöplü
cesspool <> fosse
cesspool <> lağım
cesspool <> pisli
cesspools <> fosse
cestas <> CESTA
cestoda <> Cesto
cestode <> bağır
cestode <> kurt
cestode <> paraz
cestoid <> bağır
cestoid <> kurt
cestoid <> paraz
cetacea <> Cetac
cetacean <> memel
cetaceans <> balin
cetane <> setan
cete <> CETE
cetirizine <> setir
cetyl <> setil
cetylpyridinium <> setil
ceviche <> Cevic
chab <> Chab
chabazite <> şabaz
chablis <> CHABL
chaco <> Chaco
chaconne <> şakon
chadar <> Chada
chador <> çarşa
chadors <> çarşa
chads <> Chads
chafe <> aşınm
chafe <> berel
chafe <> gücen
chafe <> kızdı
chafe <> kızma
chafe <> ovala
chafe <> ovuşt
chafe <> rahat
chafe <> sürtü
chafe <> sürtm
chafe <> yıpra
chafe <> yaral
chafer <> mayıs
chaff <> önems
chaff <> ıvır
chaff <> şaka
chaff <> şakal
chaff <> kıyıl
chaff <> kesme
chaff <> saman
chaff <> takıl
chaff <> ufala
chaffer <> çekiş
chaffer <> alışv
chaffer <> pazar
chaffinch <> ispin
chaffinches <> ispin
chafing <> Reşo
chagrin <> ümidi
chagrin <> üzünt
chagrin <> üzmek
chagrin <> hüsra
chagrin <> hayal
chagrin <> kırgı
chagrined <> üzgün
chagrined <> kırgı
chain <> ölçme
chain <> boyun
chain <> dizi
chain <> kayıt
chain <> sınır
chain <> seri
chain <> silsi
chain <> zinci
chaine <> Chain
chained <> zinci
chainer <> Chain
chaining <> zinci
chainless <> zinci
chainlink <> Chain
chainplates <> Zinci
chains <> zinci
chainsaw <> Chain
chainstitch <> zinci
chainwheel <> aynak
chair <> başka
chair <> elekt
chair <> iskem
chair <> kürsü
chair <> koltu
chair <> makam
chair <> sandâ
chair <> sanda
chair <> tahtı
chair <> yönet
chair <> yetki
chaired <> başka
chairing <> başka
chairlift <> Teles
chairlifts <> teles
chairman <> başka
chairman <> reis
chairman <> tahtı
chairman <> teker
chairmans <> başka
chairmanship <> başka
chairmanships <> başka
chairmen <> başka
chairperson <> başka
chairpersons <> başka
chairs <> sanda
chairwoman <> kadın
chaise <> hafif
chak <> Chak
chakra <> çakra
chakras <> çakra
chal <> Chal
chalaza <> iç
chalaza <> iç 
chalazion <> Salaz
chalcedonic <> kalse
chalcedonies <> kalse
chalcedony <> alaca
chalcocite <> kalko
chalcogenide <> Chalc
chalcogenides <> Kalko
chalcographer <> bakır
chalcography <> bakır
chalcolite <> Kalko
chalcolithic <> kalko
chalcomenite <> Kalko
chalcone <> kalgo
chalcophanite <> Kalko
chalcopyrite <> kalko
chalcopyrites <> kalko
chalcosiderite <> Kalko
chalcosine <> kalko
chalcostibite <> Kalko
chaldean <> Kelda
chaldeans <> Kelda
chalet <> ahşap
chalet <> dağ
chalet <> dağ 
chalice <> kadeh
chaliced <> Kadeh
chalk <> beyaz
chalk <> kireç
chalk <> tebeş
chalkboards <> yazı
chalker <> Chalk
chalkiness <> tebeş
chalking <> tebeş
chalkitis <> Chalk
chalklike <> tebeş
chalkpit <> tebeş
chalks <> tebeş
chalky <> kireç
chalky <> tebeş
challa <> Chall
challah <> Chall
challans <> CHALL
challengable <> tartı
challenge <> bağış
challenge <> boy 
challenge <> düell
challenge <> dürtü
challenge <> davet
challenge <> havla
challenge <> hiçe
challenge <> insan
challenge <> itira
challenge <> kafa
challenge <> kimli
challenge <> meyda
challenge <> parol
challenge <> redde
challenge <> tartı
challengeable <> meyda
challenged <> meyda
challenger <> mücâd
challenger <> meyda
challengers <> yarış
challenges <> zorlu
challenging <> büyül
challenging <> boyun
challenging <> dürtü
challenging <> ilgi
challenging <> kamçı
challenging <> zor
challis <> Chall
chalon <> Chalo
chalons <> CHALO
chalumeau <> şalüm
chalybeate <> demir
chamade <> Chama
chamaecyparis <> Kames
chamaeleon <> Chama
chamber <> bölme
chamber <> büro
chamber <> boşlu
chamber <> hakim
chamber <> kabul
chamber <> oda
chamber <> yasam
chamber <> yatak
chambered <> odalı
chamberlain <> kâhya
chamberlain <> muhas
chamberlain <> teşri
chamberlains <> müşav
chamberlets <> locac
chambermaid <> oda
chambermaid <> oda 
chambers <> kiral
chambers <> odala
chambertin <> Chamb
chameleon <> bukal
chameleons <> bukal
chamfer <> şev 
chamfer <> kanal
chamfer <> oluk
chamfer <> yiv
chamfered <> Yivli
chamfering <> Pah
chamfers <> yiv
chamois <> dağ 
chamois <> elik
chamois <> güder
chamomile <> sarı
champ <> çiğne
champ <> ısırm
champ <> şampi
champ <> hapur
champaca <> Champ
champagne <> şampa
champagnes <> şampa
champerty <> başka
champignon <> manta
champion <> üstün
champion <> şampi
champion <> deste
champion <> en 
champion <> galip
champion <> müdaf
champion <> mükem
champion <> savun
champion <> uğrun
championed <> savun
championing <> savun
champions <> şampi
championship <> üstün
championship <> şampi
championships <> şampi
champleve <> Champ
champy <> Champ
chams <> Chams
chance <> şans
chance <> baht
chance <> denem
chance <> fırsa
chance <> göze
chance <> ihtim
chance <> imkân
chance <> kısme
chance <> olası
chance <> risk
chance <> riske
chance <> rizik
chance <> tâlih
chance <> tesad
chanced <> tesad
chancel <> kilis
chancellery <> idare
chancellery <> idari
chancellor <> başba
chancellor <> bakan
chancellor <> rektö
chancellor <> yükse
chancellors <> Başba
chancellorship <> yükse
chancellory <> Chanc
chancer <> Chanc
chancery <> temyi
chancery <> yükse
chancery <> yargı
chances <> şans
chancey <> Chanc
chancing <> değiş
chancre <> şankr
chancre <> freng
chancy <> şüphe
chancy <> kesin
chancy <> riskl
chandelier <> avize
chandeliers <> avize
chandler <> mum 
chandler <> mumcu
chandleries <> kuman
chandlers <> Chand
chandlery <> marke
chandu <> Chand
change <> üstü
change <> üzeri
change <> aktar
change <> borsa
change <> bozdu
change <> bozma
change <> bozuk
change <> dönüş
change <> değiş
change <> demir
change <> halin
change <> para
change <> takas
change <> yenil
changeability <> değiş
changeability <> istik
changeability <> karar
changeable <> dönek
changeable <> değiş
changeable <> istik
changeable <> karar
changeably <> değiş
changeably <> istik
changed <> değiş
changeful <> dönek
changeful <> değiş
changeful <> istik
changeful <> karar
changefully <> dönek
changefully <> değiş
changeless <> değiş
changeless <> sabit
changeling <> bebek
changeling <> peril
changement <> değiş
changeover <> geçiş
changeover <> kale
changeover <> yönte
changeovers <> değiş
changer <> değiş
changer <> takas
changers <> değiş
changes <> değiş
changeth <> değiş
changing <> bozma
changing <> değiş
chank <> Chank
channel <> bağla
channel <> ileti
channel <> kanal
channel <> macer
channel <> nehir
channel <> oluk
channel <> suyol
channel <> yön
channel <> yol
channeled <> kanal
channeling <> kanal
channelise <> chann
channelised <> kanal
channelization <> Kanal
channelized <> kanal
channelizing <> aktar
channelled <> kanal
channelling <> kanal
channels <> kanal
chanop <> opu
chant <> çok 
chant <> şarkı
chant <> dini
chant <> ilahi
chant <> monot
chant <> tekra
chant <> teran
chantage <> Chant
chanted <> attıl
chanterelle <> sarı
chantey <> gemi
chanticleer <> horoz
chantier <> Chant
chanting <> ilahi
chantry <> ölünü
chantry <> kilis
chants <> Chant
chanty <> barak
chanty <> külüb
chaos <> kaos
chaos <> karış
chaos <> karga
chaos <> keşme
chaotic <> düzen
chaotic <> karma
chaotically <> düzen
chaotically <> karma
chap <> çatla
chap <> çene
chap <> adam
chap <> ahbap
chap <> arkad
chap <> kızar
chap <> yanak
chap <> yarık
chap <> yarıl
chapel <> basım
chapel <> ibade
chapel <> küçük
chapel <> mabet
chapel <> tapın
chapelry <> küçuk
chapels <> şapel
chaperon <> şaper
chaperon <> genç
chaperones <> şaper
chaperons <> şaper
chapfallen <> keder
chapfallen <> mahzu
chapiter <> başlı
chaplain <> papaz
chaplain <> vaiz
chaplaincy <> papaz
chaplaincy <> vaizl
chaplains <> din
chaplet <> çelen
chaplet <> çiçek
chaplet <> boncu
chaplet <> küçük
chapman <> işpor
chapman <> seyya
chapped <> çatla
chappy <> çatla
chappy <> yarık
chappy <> yarıl
chaps <> ahbap
chapstick <> rujun
chapter <> bölüm
chapter <> bahis
chapter <> derne
chapter <> dini
chapter <> kısım
chaptered <> bölüm
chaptering <> bölüm
chapters <> bölüm
char <> char
char <> ev 
char <> günde
char <> kömür
char <> karbo
char <> temiz
character <> özell
character <> şan
character <> ahlâk
character <> bonse
character <> el 
character <> harf
character <> huy
character <> işare
character <> isim
character <> kahra
character <> karak
character <> kişil
character <> nitel
character <> sıfat
character <> tabia
charactered <> karak
characterisation <> karak
characterisation <> nitel
characterisation <> tanım
characterisation <> tarif
characterisations <> tiple
characterise <> ayırt
characterise <> canla
characterise <> farkl
characterise <> karak
characterise <> nitel
characterise <> simge
characterise <> tanım
characterised <> karak
characterises <> karak
characterising <> karak
characteristic <> özell
characteristic <> özgün
characteristic <> karak
characteristic <> nitel
characteristic <> tipik
characteristic <> vasıf
characteristical <> karak
characteristical <> tipik
characteristically <> karak
characteristically <> tipik
characteristics <> özell
characterization <> karak
characterization <> nitel
characterization <> tanım
characterization <> tarif
characterizations <> karak
characterize <> ayırt
characterize <> canla
characterize <> farkl
characterize <> karak
characterize <> nitel
characterize <> simge
characterize <> tanım
characterized <> karak
characterizes <> karak
characterizing <> karak
characterless <> ahlak
characterless <> karak
characters <> karak
charade <> maska
charade <> sessi
charades <> sessi
charadrius <> Chara
charango <> Chara
charbroil <> manga
charcoal <> kömür
charcoal <> karak
charcoal <> manga
charcoaled <> Patlı
chard <> pazı
charest <> Chare
charge <> ödetm
charge <> ücret
charge <> üzeri
charge <> şarj
charge <> aydın
charge <> bilgi
charge <> doldu
charge <> dolul
charge <> doz
charge <> emir
charge <> görev
charge <> gözal
charge <> hücum
charge <> hapis
charge <> iddia
charge <> ipote
charge <> itham
charge <> kredi
charge <> masra
charge <> nezar
charge <> saldı
charge <> sorum
charge <> suçla
charge <> talep
charge <> talim
charge <> tembi
charge <> uyarm
charge <> yüküm
charge <> yük
charge <> yükle
chargeability <> yükle
chargeable <> Ücret
chargeable <> ödeti
chargeable <> hesab
chargeable <> masra
chargeable <> suçla
charged <> ücret
charged <> heyec
charged <> yüklü
charger <> Şarj
charger <> şarj
charger <> düz 
charger <> imlâ
charger <> süvar
charger <> savaş
chargers <> şarj
charges <> ücret
charging <> Şarj
charging <> doldu
charging <> itham
chariot <> araba
chariot <> iki 
charioteer <> araba
charioteer <> iki 
chariots <> savaş
charism <> kariz
charisma <> çekic
charisma <> etkil
charisma <> güven
charisma <> kariz
charismata <> etkil
charismatic <> çekic
charismatic <> büyül
charismatic <> etkil
charismatic <> kariz
charismatic <> sempa
charitable <> şefkâ
charitable <> hayır
charitable <> müşfi
charitable <> merha
charitable <> yardı
charitableness <> hayır
charitableness <> merha
charitableness <> yardı
charitably <> İyims
charities <> hayır
charity <> hayır
charity <> merha
charity <> sadak
charity <> yardı
charivari <> ahenk
charivari <> curcu
charivari <> gürül
charivari <> patır
charlady <> günde
charlady <> temiz
charlatan <> şarla
charlatan <> dolan
charlatan <> sahte
charlatanism <> şarla
charlatanry <> şarla
charlatanry <> dolan
charlatans <> şarla
charley <> Charl
charlies <> Charl
charlock <> yaban
charlotte <> charl
charlotte <> meyve
charlottes <> Charl
charm <> çekic
charm <> çekme
charm <> afsun
charm <> alıml
charm <> alben
charm <> büyü
charm <> büyül
charm <> cazib
charm <> cazip
charm <> cezbe
charm <> hayra
charm <> korum
charm <> memnu
charm <> muska
charm <> nazar
charm <> sevim
charm <> sihir
charm <> tılsı
charmer <> büyüc
charmer <> büyül
charmer <> sihir
charmer <> yılan
charmers <> oynat
charming <> çekic
charming <> alıml
charming <> büyül
charming <> cazib
charming <> hoş
charming <> sevim
charmingly <> tatlı
charmless <> Charm
charms <> cazib
charms <> güzel
charnel <> kabri
charnel <> mezar
charon <> Charo
charophyta <> Charo
charred <> kömür
charrier <> Charr
charring <> kavru
charry <> Charr
chart <> çizel
chart <> deniz
chart <> grafi
chart <> harit
chart <> kroki
chart <> plânı
chart <> plan
chart <> planl
chart <> popül
chart <> porto
chart <> tablo
charta <> büyük
charta <> kişis
charted <> manya
charter <> ayrıc
charter <> kiral
charter <> kontr
charter <> paten
charter <> sözle
charter <> tüzük
charter <> tanım
charter <> tutma
charter <> verme
chartered <> Chart
charterer <> kiral
charterers <> kirac
charterhouse <> Chart
chartering <> kiral
charterparties <> çarte
charterparty <> çarte
charters <> kiral
charting <> grafi
chartism <> carti
chartism <> refom
chartist <> Chart
chartreux <> Chart
charts <> çizel
charwoman <> günde
charwoman <> hizme
charwoman <> temiz
chary <> cimri
chary <> idare
chary <> ihtiy
chary <> sakın
chary <> temki
chary <> tutum
charybdis <> Chary
chase <> av
chase <> avlan
chase <> dizil
chase <> hızla
chase <> hakke
chase <> iz 
chase <> izlem
chase <> kabar
chase <> koval
chase <> oluk
chase <> oymak
chase <> peşin
chase <> takip
chase <> yiv
chase <> zıvan
chased <> koval
chaser <> çapkı
chaser <> avcı
chaser <> cila
chaser <> diş 
chaser <> hovar
chaser <> keski
chaser <> koval
chaser <> pekiş
chasers <> vidal
chases <> koval
chasing <> takip
chasm <> ara
chasm <> boşlu
chasm <> duygu
chasm <> kanyo
chasm <> uçuru
chasm <> yarık
chasse <> yanla
chasselas <> Chass
chasseurs <> Chass
chassis <> şasi
chassis <> alt 
chassis <> ana 
chassis <> top 
chaste <> erdem
chaste <> göste
chaste <> iffet
chaste <> nezih
chaste <> sade
chaste <> temiz
chasten <> ıslah
chasten <> basit
chasten <> sadel
chasten <> terbi
chasten <> yola
chasten <> yumuş
chastening <> ıslah
chastise <> cezal
chastise <> dövme
chastise <> dayak
chastise <> eleşt
chastise <> suçla
chastise <> yerde
chastised <> azarl
chastisement <> cezal
chastisement <> dayak
chastity <> ırz
chastity <> iffet
chastity <> namus
chastity <> saflı
chastity <> temiz
chasuble <> cüppe
chasuble <> papaz
chat <> çene
chat <> ötücü
chat <> gevez
chat <> hoşbe
chat <> kandı
chat <> konuş
chat <> lafa
chat <> lafla
chat <> söyle
chat <> sohbe
chateau <> şato
chateaubriand <> Chate
chateaux <> CHATE
chatelain <> Chate
chatelaine <> şato
chatelaine <> malik
chatelet <> Chate
chatroom <> sohbe
chats <> sohbe
chatta <> Chatt
chatted <> sohbe
chattel <> köle
chattel <> menku
chattel <> taşın
chattels <> menku
chattels <> taşın
chatter <> çatır
chatter <> çene
chatter <> aptal
chatter <> dırdı
chatter <> gıcır
chatter <> gevez
chatter <> konuş
chatter <> lakla
chatterbox <> çeneb
chatterbox <> çenes
chatterbox <> ağust
chatterbox <> boşbo
chatterbox <> gevez
chatterbox <> konuş
chattered <> gevez
chatterer <> dırdı
chatterer <> farfa
chatterer <> gevez
chatterer <> lafeb
chattering <> gevez
chatters <> sohbe
chatting <> söyle
chatting <> sohbe
chatty <> çenes
chatty <> gevez
chatty <> konuş
chatty <> sohbe
chauffeur <> özel
chauffeur <> şoför
chauffeured <> şoför
chauffeurs <> şoför
chauffeuse <> özel
chaus <> Chaus
chautauqua <> Chaut
chauvin <> Chauv
chauvinism <> şoven
chauvinism <> aşırı
chauvinist <> şoven
chauvinistic <> şoven
chauvinistic <> aşırı
chauvinistically <> şoven
chauvinistically <> aşırı
chauvinists <> şoven
chay <> Chay
chaya <> Chaya
cheap <> aciz
cheap <> bayağ
cheap <> değer
cheap <> kalit
cheap <> uğraş
cheap <> ucuz
cheap <> ucuza
cheap <> zahme
cheapen <> değer
cheapen <> ucuzl
cheapened <> ucuzl
cheaper <> daha
cheapest <> en
cheapest <> en 
cheaply <> değer
cheaply <> ucuz
cheaply <> ucuza
cheaply <> zahme
cheapness <> kalit
cheapness <> ucuzl
cheapskate <> avant
cheapskate <> cimri
cheat <> üçkâğ
cheat <> aldat
cheat <> dümen
cheat <> dolan
cheat <> hile
cheat <> hileb
cheat <> hilek
cheat <> hiley
cheat <> ihane
cheat <> kandı
cheat <> kazık
cheat <> kekle
cheat <> razı
cheated <> hile
cheater <> aldat
cheater <> dolan
cheater <> hileb
cheater <> hilek
cheating <> aldat
cheating <> dalav
cheating <> dolap
cheating <> hile
cheating <> hilek
cheats <> hilel
check <> çek
check <> çek 
check <> şah
check <> şah 
check <> alıko
check <> ara
check <> check
check <> denet
check <> durdu
check <> ekose
check <> emane
check <> engel
check <> fasıl
check <> fiş
check <> frenl
check <> gözde
check <> gemle
check <> köpeğ
check <> kısma
check <> karşı
check <> karel
check <> kontr
check <> makbu
check <> marka
check <> tutma
checkable <> Kontr
checkbook <> çek
checkbook <> çek 
checkbooks <> çek
checkboxes <> kutul
checked <> damal
checked <> ekose
checked <> karel
checked <> kontr
checker <> dama
checker <> damal
checker <> değiş
checker <> denet
checker <> ekose
checker <> kare
checker <> kontr
checkerboard <> dama
checkerboarded <> zemin
checkered <> damal
checkered <> ekose
checkered <> inişl
checkered <> karış
checkered <> karel
checkers <> dama
checking <> denet
checklist <> kontr
checklists <> denet
checkmark <> Onay
checkmarked <> İşare
checkmarks <> Onay
checkmate <> şah
checkmate <> şah 
checkmate <> mat
checkmate <> mat 
checkmate <> yenil
checkmate <> yenme
checkout <> çıkış
checkout <> ayrıl
checkout <> kasa
checkouts <> Yağla
checkpoint <> kontr
checkpointing <> izlek
checkpoints <> kontr
checkroom <> emane
checkroom <> vesti
checks <> çek
checksums <> sağla
checkup <> araşt
checkup <> incel
checkup <> sağlı
checkups <> muaye
cheddar <> Çedar
cheddar <> çedar
cheek <> arsız
cheek <> avurt
cheek <> küsta
cheek <> saygı
cheek <> yüzsü
cheek <> yanak
cheekbone <> elmac
cheekbones <> elmac
cheeked <> yanak
cheekily <> arsız
cheekily <> küsta
cheekily <> yüzsü
cheekiness <> arsız
cheekiness <> küsta
cheekiness <> yüzsü
cheeks <> menge
cheeks <> yan 
cheeks <> yanak
cheeky <> arsız
cheeky <> küsta
cheeky <> yüzsü
cheep <> cıvıl
cheeping <> cıvıl
cheepy <> cıvıl
cheer <> alkış
cheer <> avunt
cheer <> avutm
cheer <> ferah
cheer <> huy
cheer <> keyif
cheer <> misaf
cheer <> mizaç
cheer <> neşe
cheer <> neşel
cheer <> sevin
cheer <> teşvi
cheer <> tesel
cheer <> tezah
cheer <> yiyec
cheered <> coşku
cheerful <> şen
cheerful <> içten
cheerful <> istek
cheerful <> keyif
cheerful <> mutlu
cheerful <> neşe
cheerful <> neşel
cheerfully <> içten
cheerfully <> keyif
cheerfully <> neşe
cheerfully <> neşel
cheerfully <> neşey
cheerfulness <> neşe
cheerfulness <> neşel
cheerily <> mutlu
cheeriness <> neşe
cheeriness <> neşel
cheering <> tezah
cheerio <> şeref
cheerio <> eyval
cheerio <> hoşça
cheerio <> sağlı
cheerios <> Cheer
cheerleader <> amigo
cheerleading <> amigo
cheerless <> hüzün
cheerless <> iç 
cheerless <> kasve
cheerless <> keyif
cheerless <> neşes
cheerlessly <> kasve
cheerlessly <> keyif
cheerlessly <> neşes
cheerlessness <> kasve
cheers <> şeref
cheers <> alkış
cheers <> bravo
cheers <> tezah
cheers <> yaşa
cheery <> şen
cheery <> keyif
cheery <> neşe
cheery <> neşel
cheery <> neşey
cheese <> doğru
cheese <> meyve
cheese <> peyni
cheeseburger <> chees
cheeseburgers <> çizbu
cheesecake <> chees
cheesecake <> peyni
cheesecake <> seksi
cheesecloth <> tülbe
cheesed <> kaşar
cheesemaking <> peyni
cheesemonger <> peyni
cheeseparing <> cimri
cheeseparing <> değer
cheeseparing <> hesap
cheeseparing <> pinti
cheeses <> peyni
cheetah <> çita
cheetah <> leopa
cheetahs <> çital
chef <> şef
chef <> ahçı
chef <> ahçıb
chefs <> şefle
cheil <> Cheil
cheilitis <> keili
chekist <> Cheki
chela <> kıska
chelas <> çevre
chelate <> şelat
chelated <> şelat
chelates <> şelat
chelating <> şelat
chelation <> şelas
chelators <> şelat
chelicerae <> kelis
chelonia <> Chelo
chelonian <> kaplu
cheloniidae <> Chelo
chem <> kimya
chemic <> Chemi
chemical <> kimya
chemical <> kimye
chemically <> kimya
chemicals <> kimya
chemiluminescence <> kemil
chemiluminescent <> kemil
chemise <> iç 
chemise <> kombi
chemises <> kombi
chemisette <> elbis
chemism <> kimya
chemist <> eczac
chemist <> kimya
chemistries <> kimya
chemistry <> doğal
chemistry <> kimya
chemistry <> madde
chemistry <> yapı
chemists <> kimya
chemo <> kemo
chemoattractant <> kemoa
chemoautotrophic <> kemoo
chemoembolization <> kemoe
chemokine <> kemok
chemokines <> kemok
chemonucleolysis <> kemon
chemoprophylaxis <> kemop
chemoreceptor <> kemor
chemoreceptors <> kemor
chemoresistance <> kemot
chemosensitive <> kemos
chemosensory <> duyus
chemosis <> kemoz
chemosynthesis <> kemos
chemotactic <> kemot
chemotaxis <> kemot
chemotaxonomic <> Kemot
chemotaxonomically <> kemot
chemotaxonomy <> kemot
chemotherapeutic <> kemot
chemotherapeutics <> kemot
chemotherapies <> kemot
chemotherapy <> kanse
chemotherapy <> kemot
chemotherapy <> kimya
chemurgy <> organ
chenet <> Chene
chenevixite <> Çenev
chenille <> saçak
chenille <> tüylü
chenopodiaceae <> Cheno
chenopodium <> Cheno
cheque <> çek
cheque <> çek 
cheque <> şah
cheque <> şah 
cheque <> alıko
cheque <> ara
cheque <> check
cheque <> denet
cheque <> durdu
cheque <> ekose
cheque <> emane
cheque <> engel
cheque <> fasıl
cheque <> fiş
cheque <> frenl
cheque <> gözde
cheque <> gemle
cheque <> köpeğ
cheque <> kısma
cheque <> karşı
cheque <> karel
cheque <> kontr
cheque <> makbu
cheque <> marka
cheque <> tutma
chequebook <> çek
chequebook <> çek 
chequebooks <> çek
chequer <> dama
chequer <> damal
chequer <> değiş
chequer <> denet
chequer <> ekose
chequer <> kare
chequer <> kontr
chequerboard <> dama
chequered <> damal
chequered <> ekose
chequered <> inişl
chequered <> karış
chequered <> karel
chequers <> dama
cheques <> çek
chere <> Chere
cherif <> Cheri
cherish <> şefkâ
cherish <> aziz
cherish <> bağrı
cherish <> besle
cherish <> değer
cherish <> sevgi
cherish <> yaşat
cherished <> aziz
cherisher <> aziz
cherishing <> neşel
cherishingly <> aziz
cherkess <> Çerke
chernomyrdin <> Chern
chernozem <> Chern
cheroot <> bir
cheroot <> bir 
cheroots <> sigar
cherries <> kiraz
cherry <> kırmı
cherry <> kızlı
cherry <> kiraz
cherry <> vişne
chersonese <> yarım
chert <> kuvar
cherts <> çört
cherty <> çörtl
cherub <> melek
cherub <> nur 
cherub <> nurto
cherubic <> melek
chervil <> Frenk
chese <> peyni
chesed <> Hesed
chesil <> Chesi
chesnut <> kesta
chess <> köprü
chess <> satra
chessboard <> satra
chesser <> Chess
chessman <> satra
chessmen <> satra
chest <> göğüs
chest <> kasa
chest <> kutu
chest <> sandı
chested <> göğüs
chesterfield <> içten
chesterfield <> kabar
chestful <> Chest
chestnut <> bayat
chestnut <> doru
chestnut <> kesta
chestnut <> maron
chestnuts <> kesta
chestnutty <> kesta
chests <> sandı
chesty <> büyük
chesty <> göğüs
chesty <> küsta
chesty <> kendi
chetnik <> Çetni
chetniks <> Çetni
chevalier <> şöval
chevalier <> cesur
chevalier <> süvar
chevalier <> silâh
chevaliers <> süvar
chevin <> Chevi
cheviot <> koyun
cheviot <> sık 
chevkinite <> Çevki
chevron <> çavuş
chevron <> kol 
chevron <> onbaş
chevron <> zikza
chevrons <> rütbe
chevrotain <> küçük
chevy <> avlam
chevy <> chevy
chevy <> sıkın
chevy <> sıkma
chew <> çiğne
chew <> düşün
chew <> derin
chew <> kafa
chew <> lokma
chew <> tütün
chewable <> çiğne
chewed <> çiğne
chewie <> Chewi
chewing <> çiğne
chews <> çiğni
chewy <> Chewy
cheyne <> Cheyn
chiao <> Chiao
chiaroscuro <> ışık
chiaroscuro <> ışık-
chiasm <> kiazm
chiasmatic <> kiazm
chiasmus <> sözcü
chic <> şık
chic <> şıklı
chic <> moday
chicana <> Chica
chicane <> şike
chicane <> dalav
chicane <> hile
chicane <> kozsu
chicane <> pistt
chicanery <> şike
chicanery <> aldat
chicano <> Chica
chicanos <> Chica
chicest <> en
chick <> civci
chick <> kız
chick <> piliç
chick <> yavru
chickadee <> Chick
chickasaw <> Chick
chickasaws <> Chick
chicken <> ödlek
chicken <> cesar
chicken <> civci
chicken <> kız
chicken <> korka
chicken <> korku
chicken <> piliç
chicken <> tavuk
chicken <> toy
chicken <> yavru
chickenpox <> suçiç
chickens <> tavuk
chickenshit <> tavuk
chickling <> mürdü
chickpea <> nohut
chickpeas <> nohut
chicks <> civci
chicle <> sakız
chicon <> Chico
chicory <> hindi
chics <> Chics
chid <> bir
chide <> çıkış
chide <> ayıpl
chide <> azarl
chide <> söyle
chided <> azarl
chief <> şef
chief <> amir
chief <> ana
chief <> arman
chief <> baş
chief <> belli
chief <> en 
chief <> reis
chiefdoms <> şefli
chiefly <> başlı
chiefly <> en 
chiefs <> şefle
chieftain <> çete
chieftain <> başbu
chieftain <> başka
chieftain <> kabil
chieftain <> klan
chieftaincy <> şefli
chieftaincy <> başka
chieftains <> reisl
chieftainship <> emare
chiffon <> şifon
chiffonier <> çamaş
chiffonier <> şifon
chiffons <> şifon
chigger <> ekin
chigger <> insan
chigoe <> insan
chihuahuas <> Chihu
chilblain <> şişli
chilblain <> kızar
chilblain <> mayas
chilblain <> soğuk
child <> çocuk
child <> ürün
child <> evlat
child <> küçük
child <> velet
childbearing <> doğum
childbed <> doğum
childbed <> loğus
childbirth <> çocuk
childbirth <> doğum
childcare <> Çocuk
childes <> CHILD
childhood <> çocuk
childhood <> küçük
childhoods <> çocuk
childish <> çocuk
childishly <> çocuk
childishness <> çocuk
childishness <> dar 
childless <> çocuğ
childless <> çocuk
childlessness <> Çocuk
childlike <> çocuk
childlike <> içten
childlike <> samim
childminder <> çocuk
childminders <> Çocuk
childness <> çocuk
childproof <> çocuk
childrearing <> çocuk
children <> çocuk
childrenite <> Çildr
childrens <> Çocuk
childs <> oğul
chile <> şili
chiles <> yakan
chili <> çili
chili <> kırmı
chilis <> Chili
chill <> üşüme
chill <> üşütü
chill <> üşütm
chill <> ürper
chill <> buz 
chill <> dondu
chill <> donma
chill <> kırma
chill <> kaçır
chill <> serin
chill <> soğuk
chill <> titre
chilled <> dondu
chilled <> donmu
chillers <> soğut
chilli <> kırmı
chillies <> biber
chilliness <> soğuk
chilling <> üşütü
chilling <> dondu
chilling <> soğuk
chills <> titre
chilly <> serin
chilly <> soğuk
chilo <> Chilo
chiltern <> Chilt
chimaera <> hayal
chimaera <> tüm
chimaera <> tüm 
chimaeras <> Chima
chimbley <> Chimb
chime <> çalma
chime <> ahenk
chime <> maden
chime <> melod
chime <> uymak
chime <> uyum
chime <> vurma
chimera <> ateş
chimera <> canav
chimera <> gerçe
chimera <> hayal
chimera <> kurun
chimera <> tüm 
chimeras <> kimer
chimere <> Chime
chimeric <> kimer
chimerical <> asıls
chimerical <> boş
chimerical <> hayal
chimerical <> saçma
chimerism <> kimer
chimes <> çanla
chimney <> baca
chimney <> krate
chimney <> lamba
chimney <> yanar
chimneypots <> baca
chimneys <> bacal
chimp <> şempa
chimpanzee <> şempa
chimpanzees <> Şempa
chimps <> şempa
chin <> çene
chin <> çenen
chin <> konuş
china <> Çin
china <> çini
china <> porse
chinaberry <> China
chinas <> China
chinaware <> porse
chinch <> tahta
chincha <> Chinc
chinchilla <> çinçi
chinchillas <> Chinc
chine <> belke
chine <> omurg
chine <> sırtt
chines <> Chine
chinese <> Çin
chinese <> Çin i
chinese <> Çince
chinese <> Çinli
chineses <> Çinli
chink <> Çinli
chink <> çatla
chink <> şıkır
chink <> şıngı
chink <> metal
chink <> para
chink <> temiz
chink <> yarık
chinks <> Chink
chinky <> Chink
chins <> çenel
chintz <> basma
chintz <> perde
chintzy <> adi
chintzy <> kötü
chintzy <> kreto
chinwag <> çene
chinwag <> gevez
chinwag <> havad
chiolite <> Çiyol
chionanthus <> Chion
chip <> çöp
chip <> çatla
chip <> çenti
chip <> çentm
chip <> alaya
chip <> budam
chip <> dilim
chip <> fiş
chip <> haval
chip <> iz
chip <> kırıl
chip <> kırın
chip <> marka
chip <> mikro
chip <> para
chip <> patat
chip <> takıl
chip <> yonga
chip <> yontm
chipboard <> mukav
chipboards <> yonga
chipmuck <> çizgi
chipmunk <> çizgi
chipmunks <> Chipm
chipped <> yontm
chippers <> keres
chipping <> matka
chipping <> taş 
chipping <> talaş
chippings <> ufala
chippy <> çenti
chippy <> can 
chippy <> orosp
chippy <> sarho
chippy <> tatsı
chippy <> yontu
chips <> cips
chips <> patat
chipsets <> chips
chipwood <> Sunta
chiral <> kiral
chirality <> kiral
chirk <> Chirk
chiro <> pedik
chiromancer <> el
chiromancer <> el 
chiromancy <> el
chiromancy <> el 
chironomid <> Chiro
chironomidae <> Chiro
chiropodist <> ayak
chiropodists <> çirop
chiropody <> ayak
chiroptera <> Chiro
chirp <> cıvıl
chirping <> cıvıl
chirpy <> cıvıl
chirpy <> neşel
chirr <> çekir
chirrup <> cıvıl
chirruped <> cıvıl
chirurgery <> biçim
chisel <> dolan
chisel <> iskar
chisel <> kalem
chisel <> kazık
chisel <> keski
chisel <> oymac
chisel <> oymak
chisel <> sızdı
chisel <> yontm
chiseled <> keski
chiseler <> üçkâğ
chiseler <> dolan
chiseler <> para
chiseling <> oyma
chiselled <> keski
chiseller <> üçkâğ
chiseller <> dolan
chiseller <> para
chiselling <> Keski
chisels <> keski
chit <> çocuk
chit <> not
chit <> para
chit <> pusul
chit <> velet
chit <> yumur
chitchat <> çene
chitchat <> gevez
chitchat <> havad
chitchat <> sohbe
chitin <> kitin
chitinous <> kitin
chitosan <> kitos
chitose <> Chito
chittagong <> Chitt
chitterling <> bumba
chitterling <> kasap
chitterlings <> bumba
chitterlings <> kasap
chitty <> Chitt
chivalrous <> şöval
chivalrous <> cesur
chivalrous <> kibar
chivalrous <> mert
chivalry <> şöval
chivalry <> cesar
chivalry <> kibar
chivalry <> mertl
chive <> bıçak
chive <> frenk
chives <> frenk
chiviatite <> Çivia
chivvy <> avlam
chivvy <> rahat
chivvy <> sıkma
chivy <> avlam
chivy <> rahat
chivy <> sıkma
chiz <> Chiz
chlamydia <> Klami
chlamydiae <> CHLAM
chlamydial <> klami
chlamydomonas <> Chlam
chlamydospore <> klami
chlamys <> Chlam
chloanthite <> Kloan
chloasma <> Kloaz
chlor <> Klor
chloral <> klora
chlorambucil <> klora
chloramine <> klora
chloramines <> klora
chloramphenicol <> klora
chlorapatite <> Klora
chlorate <> klora
chlorate <> klori
chlorates <> klora
chlordane <> Klord
chlorella <> Chlor
chlorhexidine <> klorh
chloric <> klori
chlorid <> klorü
chloride <> klori
chlorides <> klorü
chlorin <> klor
chlorinate <> klorl
chlorinated <> klorl
chlorinating <> klorl
chlorination <> klorl
chlorinator <> klori
chlorinators <> Klori
chlorine <> klor
chlorines <> KLORL
chlorinized <> Klora
chlorite <> klori
chlorites <> klori
chloritic <> klori
chloritised <> klori
chloritization <> klori
chloritized <> klori
chloritoid <> klori
chloro <> kloro
chlorobenzenes <> kloro
chlorocalcite <> Kloro
chloroethylene <> klore
chlorofluorocarbon <> kloro
chlorofluorocarbons <> kloro
chloroform <> kloro
chlorogenic <> kloro
chlorometer <> Chlor
chloromethyl <> kloro
chlorophenol <> kloro
chlorophenols <> kloro
chlorophenyl <> kloro
chlorophoenicite <> Kloro
chlorophyceae <> Chlor
chlorophyl <> kloro
chlorophyll <> kloro
chlorophylls <> kloro
chlorophyta <> Chlor
chloropicrin <> kloro
chloroplast <> kloro
chloroplasts <> kloro
chloroprene <> kloro
chloroquine <> kloro
chlorosis <> kloro
chlorosulfonic <> kloro
chlorothiazide <> kloro
chlorotic <> kloro
chlorous <> kloro
chlorpheniramine <> klorf
chlorpromazine <> klorp
chlorpropamide <> klorp
chlortetracycline <> Chlor
chlorthalidone <> klort
choc <> çikol
chock <> deste
chock <> kızağ
chock <> kızak
chock <> odun
chock <> sıkıc
chock <> sımsı
chock <> takoz
chock <> tamam
chock <> yomal
chocks <> takoz
chocolate <> çikol
chocolate <> fonda
chocolate <> koyu
chocolates <> çikol
chocolatier <> çikol
chocolatiers <> çikol
choctaw <> Choct
choice <> üstün
choice <> şık
choice <> elit
choice <> güzid
choice <> kalbu
choice <> kalit
choice <> seçen
choice <> seçil
choice <> seçim
choice <> seçki
choice <> seçme
choice <> terci
choiceness <> seçki
choices <> seçim
choicest <> kalbu
choir <> kilis
choir <> koro
choir <> korod
choirboy <> şarkı
choirmaster <> koro
choirs <> korol
choke <> ölmek
choke <> baskı
choke <> bastı
choke <> boğar
choke <> boğma
choke <> boğul
choke <> boğum
choke <> jigle
choke <> kısma
choke <> nefes
choke <> tıkam
choke <> tıkan
choke <> tutma
chokebore <> boğum
chokebore <> tüfeğ
choked <> kısık
choked <> tıkan
chokedamp <> boğuc
choker <> boğan
choker <> boğaz
choker <> gerda
chokes <> bobin
choking <> boğuc
choky <> boğuc
choky <> hapis
choky <> kodes
choky <> tıkay
chol <> kol
chola <> Chola
cholangiocarcinoma <> kolan
cholangiogram <> kolan
cholangiography <> kolan
cholangiopancreatographies <> kolan
cholangiopancreatography <> kolan
cholangitis <> kolan
cholecalciferol <> kolek
cholecystectomies <> koles
cholecystectomised <> koles
cholecystectomized <> Koles
cholecystectomy <> koles
cholecystitis <> koles
cholecystographic <> koles
cholecystokinin <> koles
cholecystostomy <> koles
choledochal <> koled
choledocho <> koled
choledochoduodenostomy <> koled
choledochojejunostomy <> koled
choledocholithiasis <> koled
choledochotomy <> koled
choledochus <> koled
cholelithiasis <> safra
choler <> öd
choler <> öfke
choler <> kızgı
choler <> safra
cholera <> koler
choleric <> çabuk
choleric <> asabi
choleric <> sinir
cholestasis <> koles
cholestatic <> koles
cholesteatoma <> koles
cholesteatomas <> koles
cholesterin <> Koles
cholesterol <> koles
cholesterolosis <> koles
cholesterols <> koles
cholesteryl <> koles
cholestyramine <> koles
cholic <> kolik
choline <> kolin
cholinergic <> kolin
cholinesterase <> kolin
cholinesterases <> Kolin
cholla <> Choll
chomper <> Chomp
chondral <> kıkır
chondrichthyes <> Chond
chondrite <> kondr
chondrites <> kondi
chondritic <> Kondr
chondro <> kondr
chondroblastoma <> kondr
chondroblasts <> kondr
chondrocalcinosis <> kondr
chondrocyte <> kondr
chondrocytes <> kondr
chondrodite <> Kondr
chondrodystrophy <> kondr
chondrogenesis <> kıkır
chondrogenic <> kondr
chondroid <> kondr
chondroitin <> kondr
chondroma <> kondr
chondromalacia <> kondr
chondromatosis <> kondr
chondromyxoid <> kondr
chondroplasty <> kondr
chondrosarcoma <> kondr
chondrosarcomas <> kondr
chondrosarcomatous <> kondr
chondrule <> Kondr
choose <> üstün
choose <> ayırm
choose <> istem
choose <> seçme
choose <> terci
choose <> yeğle
choosed <> seçil
chooser <> seçic
chooser <> seçim
choosers <> seçic
chooses <> seçer
chooseth <> diled
choosey <> Choos
choosing <> seçen
choosing <> seçic
choosing <> seçme
choosy <> kılı
choosy <> müşkü
choosy <> titiz
choosy <> zor
choosy <> zor 
chop <> çırpı
chop <> çene
chop <> ağız
chop <> balta
chop <> darbe
chop <> doğra
chop <> işare
chop <> külba
chop <> kırma
chop <> kalit
chop <> kesme
chop <> mühür
chop <> marka
chop <> pat 
chop <> pirzo
chop <> söyle
chop <> vuruş
chop <> yanda
chop <> yarma
chophouse <> Çin'd
chophouse <> et
chophouse <> et 
chophouse <> lokan
chopped <> kıyıl
chopper <> akım
chopper <> balta
chopper <> helik
chopper <> kısa
chopper <> satır
chopper <> takma
choppers <> helik
choppiness <> dalga
chopping <> değiş
chopping <> doğra
chopping <> iri
chopping <> iri 
chopping <> kıyım
choppy <> çırpı
choppy <> dalga
choppy <> değiş
choppy <> durma
choppy <> istik
choppy <> tutar
chops <> pirzo
chopstick <> Çinli
chopstick <> çubuk
chopsticks <> Çin
chopsticks <> Çin y
choral <> koro
chorale <> dini
chorale <> koral
chord <> akort
chord <> bağla
chord <> duygu
chord <> his
chord <> kanat
chord <> kiriş
chord <> nüans
chord <> tel
chord <> ton
chorda <> korda
chordae <> korda
chordal <> Korda
chordata <> Chord
chordate <> korda
chordates <> korda
chordee <> kordi
chordoma <> kordo
chords <> akorl
chore <> günlü
chore <> sıkıc
chore <> zevks
chorea <> kora
choreiform <> korei
choreo <> koreo
choreoathetosis <> koreo
choreograph <> koreo
choreographed <> koreo
choreographer <> bale
choreographer <> kareo
choreographers <> koreo
choreographic <> koreo
choreographies <> koreo
choreographing <> koreo
choreographs <> koreo
choreography <> bale
choreography <> koreo
chores <> çiftl
chores <> ev
chores <> ev 
chores <> zor 
choriamb <> dört
choric <> koro
chorio <> Chori
chorioallantoic <> koryo
chorioamnionitis <> koryo
choriocapillaris <> koryo
choriocarcinoma <> koryo
chorion <> koryo
chorionic <> koryo
chorioretinal <> koryo
chorioretinitis <> koriy
chorioretinopathy <> korio
chorist <> koris
chorister <> koro
choristers <> koro
choristoma <> koris
chorists <> koris
choroid <> koroi
choroidal <> koroi
choroiditis <> koroi
choroidopathy <> Koroi
chortle <> kıkır
chortled <> güldü
chorus <> hep 
chorus <> koro
chorus <> nakar
chorus <> oyund
chorus <> prolo
chorus <> revü
chorus <> toplu
choruses <> sözle
chose <> şahsi
chose <> şey
chose <> mal
chose <> seçti
chosen <> cenne
chosen <> seçil
chota <> Chota
chott <> Chott
chough <> kızıl
chow <> Çin k
chow <> siyah
chow <> yemek
chow <> yiyec
chowchow <> Çin k
chowchow <> karış
chowchow <> reçel
chowder <> balık
chows <> Chows
chrestomathy <> krest
chrestomathy <> okuma
chrism <> kutsa
chrissie <> Chris
christen <> açılı
christen <> ilk 
christen <> isim
christen <> vafti
christened <> vafti
christening <> ad 
christening <> vafti
christenings <> sünne
christiania <> Chris
christianise <> Hıris
christianism <> Hrist
christianization <> Hıris
christianize <> hrist
christianized <> Chris
christie <> Chris
christies <> Chris
christmastide <> Noel
christology <> Krist
chrom <> krom
chroma <> renk
chromaffin <> kroma
chromat <> kroma
chromate <> kroma
chromate <> kromi
chromates <> kroma
chromatic <> kroma
chromatic <> renkl
chromatic <> yarım
chromaticity <> kroma
chromatics <> kroma
chromatics <> renkl
chromatid <> kroma
chromatids <> kromo
chromatin <> kroma
chromatogram <> kroma
chromatograms <> kroma
chromatograph <> kroma
chromatographic <> kroma
chromatographically <> kroma
chromatographies <> kroma
chromatographs <> Kroma
chromatography <> kroma
chromatophores <> Kroma
chromatoplasm <> kroma
chrome <> krom
chrome <> kroma
chrome <> tabak
chromed <> krom
chromic <> kromi
chrominance <> renkl
chroming <> krom
chromite <> kromi
chromites <> kromi
chromitite <> kromi
chromitites <> kromi
chromium <> krom
chromize <> Kroma
chromo <> kromo
chromogen <> kromo
chromogenic <> kromo
chromolith <> Chrom
chromolithograph <> renkl
chromolithography <> renkl
chromophobe <> kromo
chromophobia <> Chrom
chromophore <> kromo
chromophores <> kromo
chromoplast <> kromo
chromosomal <> kromo
chromosomally <> kromo
chromosome <> kromo
chromosomes <> Kromo
chromosphere <> kromo
chromotherapy <> kromo
chromotype <> renkl
chronic <> çok 
chronic <> berba
chronic <> devam
chronic <> kroni
chronic <> müzmi
chronic <> sürek
chronical <> kroni
chronically <> Kroni
chronicity <> kroni
chronicle <> günün
chronicle <> kayde
chronicle <> kroni
chronicle <> krono
chronicler <> kroni
chronicler <> tarih
chroniclers <> tarih
chronicles <> Eski
chronicles <> kroni
chronics <> kroni
chroniques <> Chron
chronoamperometry <> krono
chronobiological <> krono
chronobiology <> krono
chronogram <> krono
chronograph <> hız 
chronograph <> krono
chronograph <> zaman
chronologic <> krono
chronological <> krono
chronological <> tarih
chronological <> zaman
chronologically <> krono
chronologies <> krono
chronologize <> krono
chronology <> cetve
chronology <> krono
chronology <> zaman
chronometer <> krono
chronometer <> süreö
chronometers <> krono
chronometric <> krono
chronometry <> krono
chronometry <> süre
chronon <> Chron
chronopotentiometry <> krono
chronotherapy <> krono
chronotropic <> krono
chrysalis <> keleb
chrysalis <> kriza
chrysanth <> Chrys
chrysanthemum <> kasım
chrysanthemum <> kriza
chrysanthemums <> kriza
chrysoberyl <> Krizo
chrysocolla <> Krizo
chrysolite <> zeber
chrysomelidae <> Chrys
chrysophyceae <> Altın
chrysophyta <> Chrys
chrysopidae <> Chrys
chrysoprase <> krizo
chrysotile <> krizo
chub <> tatlı
chubby <> ablak
chubby <> dolgu
chubby <> hanta
chubby <> tombu
chuck <> çenes
chuck <> atış
chuck <> atma
chuck <> atmak
chuck <> bırak
chuck <> bili
chuck <> chuck
chuck <> fırla
chuck <> gıdak
chuck <> gurkl
chuck <> kavra
chuck <> savur
chuck <> sevim
chuck <> son 
chuck <> torna
chuckie <> Chuck
chucking <> aynal
chuckle <> anne
chuckle <> gurkl
chuckle <> kıkır
chuckle <> kendi
chuckled <> güldü
chucklehead <> ahmak
chucklehead <> budal
chucklehead <> kalın
chuckler <> kıkır
chuckles <> kıkır
chuckling <> kıkır
chucks <> atıyo
chucky <> Chuck
chud <> CHUD
chuffed <> memnu
chuffed <> mutlu
chug <> çuf
chukker <> devre
chum <> ahbap
chum <> arkad
chum <> canci
chum <> oda
chum <> oda 
chum <> yakın
chum <> yem 
chumley <> Chuml
chummy <> canci
chummy <> sıkı
chummy <> samim
chump <> çiğne
chump <> akıl
chump <> alık
chump <> enayi
chump <> kütük
chump <> küt 
chump <> kafa
chump <> kelle
chump <> kuzu
chump <> manka
chump <> saksı
chump <> takoz
chumpish <> ahmak
chumpish <> budal
chunk <> bodur
chunk <> külçe
chunk <> kocam
chunk <> tıkna
chunk <> topak
chunk <> yığın
chunked <> öbekl
chunkiness <> bodur
chunking <> parça
chunks <> kuşba
chunky <> külçe
chunky <> kısa
chunky <> tıkna
chunky <> topak
church <> Hrist
church <> kilis
churches <> kilis
churchgoer <> kilis
churchgoers <> kilis
churchgoing <> kilis
churchman <> kilis
churchward <> Churc
churchwarden <> kilis
churchy <> kilis
churchyard <> kilis
churg <> Churg
churl <> cimri
churl <> hödük
churl <> hanzo
churl <> kaba
churl <> pinti
churlish <> cimri
churlish <> huysu
churlish <> kaba
churlish <> pinti
churlish <> terbi
churlish <> ters
churlish <> vahşi
churn <> çırpm
churn <> çalka
churn <> güğüm
churn <> köpür
churn <> karış
churn <> süt 
churn <> terey
churn <> yayık
churning <> çalka
churns <> yayık
chut <> Chut
chute <> çağla
chute <> akınt
chute <> kızak
chute <> kanal
chute <> kayıl
chute <> oluk
chute <> paraş
chutes <> olukl
chutney <> Hint
chutney <> bahar
chutzpa <> cüret
chutzpa <> küsta
chutzpah <> cüret
chutzpah <> küsta
chyle <> bağır
chyle <> keylü
chyle <> kilüs
chyli <> şili
chylomicron <> şilom
chylomicrons <> şilom
chylothorax <> şilot
chylous <> şilöz
chymase <> kimaz
chymosin <> kimoz
chymotrypsin <> kimot
chypre <> şipre
cially <> likle
ciborium <> kilis
cicada <> ağust
cicada <> orakb
cicadas <> ağust
cicadellidae <> Cicad
cicala <> ağust
cicala <> orakb
cicatrice <> ağaç
cicatrice <> düşen
cicatrice <> sikat
cicatrice <> yara
cicatrices <> Sikat
cicatricial <> sikat
cicatrisation <> sikat
cicatrization <> iyile
cicatrization <> kapan
cicatrize <> iyile
cicatrize <> kapan
cicely <> Cicel
cicero <> Çiçer
cicero <> oniki
cicerone <> rehbe
cicerone <> tercü
cicerone <> turis
cichlid <> çikli
cichlidae <> Cichl
cichlids <> cichl
cichorium <> Cicho
ciclopirox <> siklo
cider <> elma
cidofovir <> sidof
cienega <> Ciene
cigar <> puro
cigar <> yapra
cigaret <> sigar
cigarette <> sigar
cigarettes <> sigar
cigarillo <> cigar
cigarillos <> sigar
cigars <> Puro
ciggies <> Ciggi
ciguatera <> Cigua
cilastatin <> silas
cilia <> kirpi
cilia <> tüyle
ciliare <> siliy
ciliary <> kirpi
ciliate <> siliy
ciliated <> kirpi
ciliates <> siliy
cilice <> yapağ
ciliophora <> Cilio
cilioretinal <> Silio
cilium <> kirpi
cill <> Cill
cima <> Cima
cimetidine <> simet
cimex <> Cimex
cimicifuga <> Cimic
cimier <> CIMIE
cinch <> çanta
cinch <> çocuk
cinch <> eyer
cinch <> kavra
cinch <> sıkı
cinchona <> kınak
cincture <> çevre
cincture <> dolam
cincture <> kemer
cincture <> kuşak
cincture <> kuşat
cincture <> perva
cincture <> sarma
cinder <> kül
cinder <> kor
cinders <> cüruf
cinders <> köz
cinders <> kül
cineaste <> sinem
cinema <> sinem
cinemagoer <> düzen
cinemagoers <> sinem
cinemas <> sinem
cinemascope <> Sinem
cinematheque <> sinem
cinematic <> sinem
cinematically <> sinem
cinematics <> Cinem
cinematize <> Cinem
cinematograph <> film
cinematographer <> alıcı
cinematographer <> film
cinematographer <> yönet
cinematographers <> sinem
cinematographic <> sinem
cinematographically <> sinem
cinematography <> film
cinematography <> sinem
cineol <> sineo
cineole <> sineo
cineplex <> Cinep
cinerarium <> ölünü
cinerary <> kül
cinerary <> kül 
cinerator <> ölü
cinerator <> ölü 
cinereous <> Boz
cingular <> Cingu
cingulate <> singu
cingulotomy <> singu
cinnabar <> sülüğ
cinnabar <> zinci
cinnamaldehyde <> sinna
cinnamate <> sinna
cinnamic <> sinna
cinnamomum <> Cinna
cinnamon <> tarçı
cinque <> beş
cinque <> beşli
cinque <> penc
cinquecento <> Cinqu
cinquefoil <> beş 
cinquefoil <> beşpa
cinquefoil <> kurtp
cion <> evlat
cion <> fidan
cion <> filiz
cion <> oğul
cion <> soy
cion <> torun
cipher <> önems
cipher <> şifre
cipher <> Arap
cipher <> anaht
cipher <> aritm
cipher <> günüm
cipher <> hesap
cipher <> hiç 
cipher <> monog
cipher <> parol
cipher <> sıfır
ciphered <> şifre
ciphering <> Şifre
ciphers <> şifre
ciphertext <> şifre
ciprofloxacin <> sipro
circa <> aşağı
circa <> dolay
circa <> takri
circa <> yakla
circadian <> sirka
circassian <> Çerke
circassians <> Çerke
circle <> çark
circle <> çembe
circle <> çevre
circle <> camia
circle <> dönem
circle <> dönge
circle <> dönme
circle <> daire
circle <> devir
circle <> etki
circle <> etraf
circle <> halka
circle <> kuşat
circle <> muhit
circle <> ring
circle <> sınıf
circle <> sahne
circle <> yörün
circled <> daire
circler <> daire
circles <> daire
circlet <> halka
circlet <> küçük
circlet <> taç
circling <> çembe
circlip <> segma
circlips <> segma
circs <> şartl
circs <> hal
circs <> koşul
circs <> suret
circuit <> çembe
circuit <> çevri
circuit <> bir 
circuit <> daire
circuit <> devre
circuit <> dolaş
circuit <> dolam
circuit <> etraf
circuit <> gezic
circuit <> lig
circuit <> tur
circuit <> turne
circuited <> devre
circuiting <> devre
circuitous <> dolaş
circuitous <> dolam
circuitous <> dolay
circuitously <> dolam
circuitously <> dolay
circuitries <> devre
circuitry <> devre
circuits <> devre
circular <> daire
circular <> dolam
circular <> genel
circular <> sirkü
circular <> yuvar
circularity <> daire
circularize <> genel
circularize <> sirkü
circularly <> daire
circulars <> genel
circulate <> dever
circulate <> devre
circulate <> dolaş
circulate <> tedav
circulate <> yayıl
circulate <> yayma
circulated <> sirkü
circulates <> dolaş
circulating <> devre
circulating <> dolaş
circulating <> sirkü
circulation <> akınt
circulation <> cerey
circulation <> dağıt
circulation <> dever
circulation <> devir
circulation <> devre
circulation <> dolaş
circulation <> dolan
circulation <> piyas
circulation <> sirkü
circulation <> tedav
circulation <> tiraj
circulation <> yayma
circulations <> dolaş
circulator <> devir
circulators <> sirkü
circulatory <> Dolaş
circulatory <> dolaş
circulus <> Circu
circum <> çevre
circumambient <> çevre
circumambient <> kuşat
circumambulate <> çevre
circumambulate <> etraf
circumambulating <> tavaf
circumambulation <> tavaf
circumcise <> bızır
circumcise <> günah
circumcise <> ruhen
circumcise <> sünne
circumcised <> sünne
circumciser <> sünne
circumcises <> sünne
circumcising <> sünne
circumcision <> Bir 
circumcision <> Hazre
circumcision <> Yahud
circumcision <> ruhen
circumcision <> sünne
circumcisions <> sünne
circumfer <> çevre
circumference <> çembe
circumference <> çevre
circumference <> daire
circumferences <> çevre
circumferential <> çevre
circumferentially <> çepeç
circumflex <> incel
circumflex <> kemik
circumflex <> sirku
circumflexa <> sirku
circumjacent <> civar
circumjacent <> etraf
circumlocution <> asıls
circumlocution <> dolam
circumlocution <> geçiş
circumlocution <> kaçam
circumlocutory <> dolam
circumnavigate <> çevre
circumnavigate <> etraf
circumnavigation <> etraf
circumnavigator <> dünya
circumnavigator <> etraf
circumpolar <> dolay
circumscribe <> çembe
circumscribe <> daire
circumscribe <> etraf
circumscribe <> kısıt
circumscribe <> sınır
circumscribed <> sınır
circumscription <> çevre
circumscription <> bölge
circumscription <> daire
circumscription <> etraf
circumscription <> kuşat
circumscription <> sınır
circumscriptions <> Sınır
circumspect <> düşün
circumspect <> dikka
circumspect <> her 
circumspect <> sakın
circumspect <> tedbi
circumspection <> dikka
circumspection <> tedbi
circumstance <> şart
circumstance <> ayrın
circumstance <> detay
circumstance <> durum
circumstance <> forma
circumstance <> koşul
circumstance <> olay
circumstance <> vaka
circumstance <> varlı
circumstance <> zengi
circumstanced <> durum
circumstanced <> halli
circumstances <> şartl
circumstances <> koşul
circumstances <> varlı
circumstances <> zengi
circumstantial <> ayrın
circumstantial <> durum
circumstantial <> ikinc
circumstantial <> koşul
circumstantial <> tesad
circumstantiate <> ayrın
circumstantiate <> kanıt
circumvent <> önlem
circumvent <> açığı
circumvent <> alt 
circumvent <> atlat
circumvent <> bozma
circumvent <> engel
circumvent <> tuzağ
circumvent <> yenme
circumventable <> atlat
circumvented <> atlat
circumventing <> engel
circumvention <> önlem
circumvention <> atlat
circumvention <> tuzağ
circumvolution <> dönme
circumvolution <> devir
circus <> arena
circus <> göste
circus <> karga
circus <> sirk
circus <> yolla
circuses <> Sirkl
cirque <> arena
cirque <> buzya
cirque <> doğal
cirques <> sirkl
cirrhosis <> siroz
cirrhotic <> Siroz
cirrhotics <> siroz
cirriped <> kıvrı
cirripedia <> Sirip
cirrus <> sülük
cirrus <> saçak
cirrus <> sirru
cirrus <> tutun
cisalpine <> alple
cisatlantic <> Atlan
cisco <> Cisco
cisplatin <> sispl
cissoid <> sarma
cissoid <> sisoi
cissy <> çıtkı
cissy <> çekin
cissy <> hanım
cissy <> korka
cissy <> muhal
cist <> sandu
cistern <> mahze
cistern <> rezer
cistern <> sıvı
cistern <> sarnı
cistern <> su 
cisternal <> siste
cisternography <> siste
cisterns <> sarnı
cistus <> Cistu
citadel <> hisar
citadel <> iç 
citadel <> kale
citadels <> kale
citalopram <> sital
citation <> çağrı
citation <> alınt
citation <> celp
citation <> eserd
citation <> takdi
citations <> alınt
cite <> çağır
cite <> aktar
cite <> alınt
cite <> anmak
cite <> bahse
cite <> celbe
cite <> cite
cite <> takdi
cited <> atıf
citellus <> Citel
cites <> değin
cither <> kanun
cities <> şehir
citify <> şehir
citify <> kentl
citing <> gerek
citizen <> hemşe
citizen <> ikame
citizen <> sakin
citizen <> sivil
citizen <> uyruk
citizen <> vatan
citizen <> yurtt
citizenry <> tüm
citizenry <> tüm 
citizens <> vatan
citizenship <> hemşe
citizenship <> vatan
citizenship <> yurtt
citizenships <> vatan
cito <> Cito
citral <> sitra
citrange <> sitra
citrate <> sitra
citrate <> sitri
citrated <> sitra
citrates <> sitra
citric <> limo
citric <> sitri
citriculture <> naren
citrin <> CiTRi
citrine <> sitri
citrines <> Citri
citrinin <> sitri
citrobacter <> Citro
citron <> ağaç
citronella <> esans
citronelle <> Citro
citrulline <> sitrü
citrullus <> Citru
citrus <> naren
citrus <> turun
citruses <> turun
citrusy <> turun
city <> şehir
city <> büyük
city <> kent
cityplace <> Cityp
cityscape <> Citys
cityscapes <> şehir
cityside <> Sanal
citywide <> Cityw
civet <> misk
civic <> şehir
civic <> beled
civic <> kent
civic <> yurtt
civically <> şehir
civically <> beled
civically <> yurtt
civics <> yurtt
civil <> devle
civil <> hüküm
civil <> iç
civil <> kibar
civil <> laik
civil <> meden
civil <> nazik
civil <> resmi
civil <> sivil
civil <> uygar
civil <> vatan
civil <> yurtt
civilian <> sivil
civilianization <> sivil
civilians <> sivil
civilisation <> meden
civilisation <> uygar
civilisational <> meden
civilisations <> meden
civilise <> sivil
civilised <> ince
civilised <> kibar
civilised <> meden
civilised <> nazik
civilised <> uygar
civilisers <> Uygar
civilising <> uygar
civility <> incel
civility <> kibar
civility <> nezak
civilization <> meden
civilization <> uygar
civilizational <> meden
civilizations <> meden
civilize <> adam
civilize <> aydın
civilize <> kibar
civilize <> meden
civilize <> uygar
civilized <> ince
civilized <> kibar
civilized <> meden
civilized <> nazik
civilized <> uygar
civilizing <> uygar
civilly <> kibar
civilly <> meden
civilly <> nazik
civism <> iyi
civism <> iyi 
civvies <> sivil
clack <> çatır
clack <> gıcır
clack <> gevez
clack <> kapak
clack <> klape
clack <> lakla
clack <> sürgü
clack <> tıkır
clack <> takır
clackers <> Clack
clad <> örtül
clad <> sarıl
claddagh <> Cladd
cladded <> Kapla
cladding <> kapla
claddings <> kapla
clades <> nesil
cladistic <> kladi
cladocera <> Clado
cladocerans <> kopep
cladogram <> klado
cladosporium <> Clado
cladribine <> Kladr
claes <> Claes
claggy <> Clagg
claim <> ısrar
claim <> alaca
claim <> dava
claim <> hak
claim <> hak 
claim <> iddia
claim <> istek
claim <> istem
claim <> maden
claim <> sahip
claim <> talep
claimable <> hak
claimable <> hak 
claimant <> alaca
claimant <> davac
claimant <> hak 
claimant <> talip
claimants <> talep
claimed <> iddia
claiming <> iddia
claims <> iddia
clairvoyance <> basir
clairvoyance <> görül
clairvoyance <> keski
clairvoyance <> sağgö
clairvoyant <> görül
clairvoyants <> Clair
clam <> şamat
clam <> deniz
clam <> içine
clam <> istir
clam <> neşel
clamant <> ısrar
clamant <> gürül
clamant <> yapış
clambake <> kumsa
clambake <> plaj
clamber <> sarıl
clamber <> tırma
clambered <> indi
clammy <> nemli
clammy <> rutub
clammy <> yapış
clamor <> ferya
clamor <> gürül
clamor <> haykı
clamor <> karış
clamor <> patır
clamor <> yayga
clamoring <> yayga
clamorous <> gürül
clamorous <> patır
clamorous <> yayga
clamors <> sabır
clamour <> ferya
clamour <> gürül
clamour <> haykı
clamour <> karış
clamour <> patır
clamour <> yayga
clamoured <> clamo
clamouring <> yayga
clamp <> ambar
clamp <> küme
clamp <> kıska
clamp <> kasma
clamp <> kelep
clamp <> kenet
clamp <> menge
clamp <> sıkış
clamp <> yığın
clampdown <> önlem
clamped <> kenet
clamper <> kelep
clamping <> sıkma
clamps <> kelep
clams <> deniz
clamshell <> kapak
clan <> boy
clan <> grup
clan <> kabil
clan <> klan
clan <> oymak
clan <> zümre
clandestine <> el 
clandestine <> gizli
clandestine <> saklı
clandestinely <> el 
clandestinely <> gizli
clang <> çınla
clang <> maden
clang <> sesli
clang <> tıngı
clang <> tınla
clanger <> gaf
clanger <> pot
clangers <> Clang
clangor <> çınla
clangor <> şıkır
clangor <> maden
clangor <> tınla
clangorous <> çınla
clangorous <> gürül
clangour <> çınla
clangour <> şıkır
clangour <> maden
clangour <> tınla
clank <> çınla
clank <> şıkır
clank <> maden
clank <> tınla
clannish <> birbi
clannish <> kabil
clannish <> klan
clannish <> klana
clannish <> klik
clannish <> yaban
clannishness <> gruba
clannishness <> klanc
clannishness <> klikç
clans <> klanl
clanship <> gruba
clanship <> klan
clanship <> klanc
clanship <> klikç
clansman <> klan
clap <> çırpm
clap <> çarpm
clap <> alkış
clap <> belso
clap <> dokun
clap <> el 
clap <> gümbü
clap <> gürle
clap <> hafif
clap <> oturt
clap <> patla
clap <> vurma
clap <> yerin
clapboard <> fıçı
clapboard <> ince
clapboard <> tahta
clapped <> çırpt
clapper <> çan 
clapper <> şakşa
clapper <> alkış
clapper <> dil
clapper <> kayna
clapperboard <> Klake
clapping <> zırıl
claptrap <> göste
claptrap <> iltif
claptrap <> palav
claptrap <> saçma
claptrap <> yağcı
claque <> şakşa
claque <> alkış
clarain <> Klari
clarence <> at
clarence <> at 
clarendon <> kalın
claret <> bordo
claret <> kan
claret <> koyu
clarets <> Clare
clarification <> açıkl
clarification <> açılm
clarification <> arıtm
clarification <> aydın
clarification <> durul
clarification <> temiz
clarifications <> açıkl
clarified <> açıkl
clarifier <> çöktü
clarifiers <> durul
clarifies <> açıkl
clarify <> açıkl
clarify <> arınm
clarify <> arıtm
clarify <> aydın
clarify <> berra
clarify <> durul
clarify <> süzme
clarify <> temiz
clarifying <> açıkl
clarinet <> klarn
clarinetist <> klarn
clarinets <> klarn
clarinettist <> klarn
clarinettists <> Klarn
clarino <> Clari
clarion <> berra
clarion <> boru
clarion <> davul
clarion <> duyur
clarion <> ilan
clarion <> yükse
clarion <> zurna
clarithromycin <> klari
clarity <> açıkl
clarity <> berra
clarity <> durul
clarkeite <> Klark
claros <> Claro
clary <> adaça
clash <> çarpı
clash <> çarpm
clash <> çatış
clash <> çatır
clash <> anlaş
clash <> ayrıl
clash <> bindi
clash <> gümbü
clash <> gitme
clash <> uymam
clash <> uyuşm
clash <> uyums
clashed <> çatış
clashes <> çatış
clashing <> Clash
clasp <> bağla
clasp <> el 
clasp <> harek
clasp <> kavra
clasp <> kenet
clasp <> kopça
clasp <> kucak
clasp <> sıkıc
clasp <> sıkma
clasp <> sarıl
clasp <> toka
clasp <> tokal
clasp <> tuttu
clasped <> sıktı
clasps <> tokal
class <> çeşit
class <> öğren
class <> üstün
class <> bölüm
class <> cins
class <> class
class <> ders
class <> dersh
class <> dersl
class <> grup
class <> kalit
class <> kateg
class <> klas
class <> kur
class <> kurs
class <> mükem
class <> mevki
class <> sınıf
class <> sayma
class <> tür
class <> zümre
classed <> sınıf
classes <> üst 
classes <> sınıf
classes <> yukar
classic <> üstün
classic <> alışı
classic <> birin
classic <> değer
classic <> edebi
classic <> gelen
classic <> kalit
classic <> klas
classic <> klasi
classic <> mükem
classical <> eski
classical <> hüman
classical <> klas
classical <> klasi
classical <> mükem
classical <> olağa
classically <> klasi
classicals <> Klasi
classicism <> klasi
classicist <> klasi
classico <> Class
classics <> Eski
classics <> klasi
classifiable <> sınıf
classification <> derec
classification <> sınıf
classification <> tasni
classifications <> sınıf
classificator <> Klasi
classificatory <> sınıf
classified <> derec
classified <> gizli
classified <> sınıf
classifieds <> siten
classifier <> sınıf
classifiers <> sınıf
classifies <> sınıf
classify <> ayırm
classify <> gizli
classify <> sınıf
classify <> tasni
classifying <> sınıf
classis <> Class
classism <> Klasi
classless <> sınıf
classmate <> sınıf
classmates <> sınıf
classroom <> dersa
classroom <> dersl
classroom <> sınıf
classrooms <> dersl
classy <> şık
classy <> mükem
classy <> süper
classy <> zarif
clastic <> kırın
clastics <> kırın
clastogenic <> klast
clasts <> çakıl
clathrate <> kafes
clathrin <> Clath
clatter <> gürül
clatter <> patır
clatter <> ses
clatter <> ses 
clatter <> takır
clatter <> uğult
clattering <> Clatt
claudetite <> Klode
claudication <> topal
claudius <> Claud
clause <> bent
clause <> cümle
clause <> fıkra
clause <> madde
clauses <> Cümle
clausthalite <> Klost
claustral <> manas
claustrophobia <> kapal
claustrophobia <> klost
claustrophobic <> klost
clausule <> Claus
clausura <> Claus
clavecin <> Clave
clavel <> Clave
claver <> Clave
claviceps <> Clavi
clavichord <> klavs
clavicle <> köprü
clavicle <> klavi
clavicula <> klavi
claviculae <> Clavi
clavicular <> klavi
clavier <> klavy
clavier <> tuşla
clavier <> tuşlu
clavulanate <> klavu
clavulanic <> klavu
claw <> çekme
claw <> el 
claw <> kıska
claw <> kapış
claw <> kavra
claw <> pençe
claw <> tırma
claw <> tırna
claw <> yırtm
clawed <> pençe
clawhammer <> domuz
claws <> pençe
clay <> çömle
clay <> çamur
clay <> balçı
clay <> hamur
clay <> insan
clay <> kil
clay <> topra
clay <> yerkü
clayey <> balçı
clayey <> killi
clayish <> killi
clayman <> Claym
claymore <> iki 
claymore <> kılıç
clays <> kille
claystone <> kilta
claystones <> kilta
clean <> ak
clean <> arı
clean <> arınd
clean <> arıtm
clean <> boşal
clean <> budak
clean <> iyice
clean <> katış
clean <> kusur
clean <> lekes
clean <> pak
clean <> parla
clean <> ruhsa
clean <> saf
clean <> tümüy
clean <> tamam
clean <> temiz
clean <> yasal
clean <> yazıs
cleanability <> temiz
cleanable <> temiz
cleaned <> temiz
cleaner <> silgi
cleaner <> temiz
cleaners <> kuru
cleaners <> temiz
cleanest <> temiz
cleaning <> ayıkl
cleaning <> kuru
cleaning <> temiz
cleanings <> temiz
cleanliness <> temiz
cleanly <> pak
cleanly <> temiz
cleanly <> titiz
cleanness <> temiz
cleanout <> temiz
cleans <> temiz
cleanse <> arınd
cleanse <> iyile
cleanse <> tedav
cleanse <> temiz
cleansed <> Temiz
cleanser <> arınd
cleanser <> temiz
cleansers <> temiz
cleanses <> temiz
cleansing <> temiz
cleanup <> avant
cleanup <> büyük
cleanup <> tasfi
cleanup <> temiz
cleanup <> vurgu
cleanups <> temiz
clear <> ödeme
clear <> şeffa
clear <> açıkç
clear <> açık
clear <> açıkl
clear <> açmak
clear <> aşikâ
clear <> aşmak
clear <> aklam
clear <> anlaş
clear <> aydın
clear <> bütün
clear <> belir
clear <> belli
clear <> berra
clear <> bilgi
clear <> boş 
clear <> boşal
clear <> boşlu
clear <> bulut
clear <> dağıl
clear <> elde
clear <> emin
clear <> engel
clear <> gümrü
clear <> geçme
clear <> gider
clear <> kaldı
clear <> kapat
clear <> katış
clear <> kazan
clear <> kuşku
clear <> kurta
clear <> masum
clear <> net
clear <> orman
clear <> ortad
clear <> parla
clear <> sıyır
clear <> saf
clear <> sayda
clear <> seyre
clear <> tüm
clear <> tahli
clear <> takın
clear <> tam
clear <> tamam
clear <> temiz
clear <> tiz
clear <> uzağa
clear <> uzakt
clear <> zeki
clearable <> silin
clearance <> ödeme
clearance <> açıkl
clearance <> açma
clearance <> boşlu
clearance <> gümrü
clearance <> liman
clearance <> mevsi
clearance <> tasfi
clearance <> temiz
clearances <> açıkl
cleared <> temiz
clearer <> net
clearers <> temiz
clearest <> net
clearing <> açıkl
clearing <> kliri
clearing <> takas
clearinghouse <> takas
clearinghouses <> takas
clearly <> şüphe
clearly <> açıkç
clearly <> açık
clearly <> anlaş
clearly <> apaçı
clearness <> şeffa
clearness <> açıkl
clearness <> berra
clearness <> netli
clears <> temiz
clearstarch <> kolal
clearway <> arıza
clearway <> güven
cleat <> demir
cleat <> kasta
cleat <> kayma
cleat <> kelep
cleat <> koçbo
cleat <> pençe
cleats <> Kilit
cleavage <> çeliş
cleavage <> ayrıl
cleavage <> bölün
cleavage <> göğüs
cleavage <> göğsü
cleavage <> yarıl
cleavages <> dilin
cleave <> çatla
cleave <> açmak
cleave <> bölme
cleave <> bağlı
cleave <> ikiye
cleave <> sadık
cleave <> yapış
cleave <> yarıl
cleave <> yarma
cleavelandite <> Kleav
cleaver <> balta
cleaver <> satır
cleavers <> balta
cleaves <> parça
cleaving <> yarma
clee <> Clee
cleeve <> Cleev
clef <> anaht
clef <> nota
clefs <> Clefs
cleft <> çatla
cleft <> ayrık
cleft <> yarık
clefts <> yarık
cleistogamic <> kendi
clematis <> akasm
clematis <> kleme
clematis <> merye
clematis <> yaban
clemency <> ılıma
clemency <> ılıml
clemency <> şefkâ
clemency <> hoşgö
clemency <> merha
clemency <> uysal
clement <> ılıma
clement <> ılıml
clement <> şefkâ
clement <> hoşgö
clement <> merha
clement <> uysal
clench <> kavra
clench <> kenet
clench <> perçi
clench <> sıkıc
clench <> sıkma
clench <> tutma
clench <> yapış
clenched <> sıktı
clenching <> kenet
clerestory <> pence
clergy <> rahip
clergy <> ruhba
clergyman <> papaz
clergyman <> rahip
clergyman <> vaiz
clergymen <> din
cleric <> papaz
cleric <> rahip
clerical <> büro
clerical <> kilis
clerical <> rahip
clerical <> yazı
clericalism <> kilis
clerics <> din
clerihew <> taşla
clerk <> şef
clerk <> kâtip
clerk <> müdür
clerk <> resep
clerk <> tezgâ
clerk <> yazıc
clerk <> yazma
clerking <> fazla
clerks <> katip
clerkship <> kâtip
clerkship <> tezgâ
clerkship <> yazma
clerkships <> yazma
cleve <> Cleve
clever <> akıll
clever <> becer
clever <> cin 
clever <> espri
clever <> yeten
clever <> zarif
clever <> zeki
cleverer <> zeki
cleverest <> zeki
cleverly <> akıll
cleverness <> akıll
cleverness <> becer
cleverness <> zekâ
cleves <> Cleve
clevis <> çatal
clevis <> kenet
clew <> şipka
clew <> anaht
clew <> hamak
clew <> işare
clew <> ipucu
clew <> iz
clew <> topak
clew <> yumak
clews <> ipuçl
cliachite <> Kliya
cliche <> basma
cliche <> beyli
cliche <> klişe
cliche <> sırad
cliched <> klişe
cliches <> klişe
click <> çıtır
click <> çıt
click <> çıt 
click <> şakla
click <> şapır
click <> anlam
click <> başar
click <> hoşla
click <> jeton
click <> kanı
click <> kapan
click <> kasta
click <> manda
click <> tıkır
click <> tık
click <> tıkla
click <> uyuşm
clickable <> tıkla
clicked <> tıkla
clicker <> tıkır
clicking <> tıkla
clicks <> tıkla
clid <> CLID
client <> alıcı
client <> bağım
client <> hasta
client <> istem
client <> müşte
client <> müvek
clientele <> alıcı
clientele <> hasta
clientele <> müşte
clientele <> müvek
clients <> istem
cliff <> kayal
cliff <> sarp
cliff <> uçuru
cliff <> yar
cliffhanger <> çekiş
cliffhanger <> arkas
cliffhanger <> dizi
cliffhangers <> Cliff
cliffs <> kayal
cliffside <> Cliff
cliffy <> Cliff
clift <> Clift
climacteric <> bunal
climacteric <> dönüm
climacteric <> hassa
climacteric <> kriti
climacteric <> menap
climacteric <> yaş 
climacterium <> iyili
climactic <> iklim
climate <> çevre
climate <> şartl
climate <> bölge
climate <> hava
climate <> iklim
climates <> iklim
climatic <> iklim
climatical <> iklim
climatically <> iklim
climating <> iklim
climatised <> İklim
climatized <> klima
climatizing <> iklim
climatologic <> klima
climatological <> klima
climatologist <> iklim
climatologists <> klima
climatology <> iklim
climatology <> klima
climatotherapy <> klima
climax <> boşal
climax <> dönüm
climax <> doruğ
climax <> doruk
climax <> orgas
climax <> zirve
climaxed <> zirve
climaxes <> zirve
climb <> çıkma
climb <> aşama
climb <> sarıl
climb <> tırma
climb <> yükse
climbable <> tırma
climbed <> tırma
climber <> dağcı
climber <> sarma
climber <> tırma
climber <> toplu
climbers <> dağcı
climbing <> artış
climbing <> dağcı
climbing <> tırma
climbs <> tırma
clime <> ülke
clime <> diyar
clime <> iklim
climes <> iklim
clinch <> kökün
clinch <> perçi
clinch <> sıkış
clinch <> sıkı
clinch <> sağla
clinch <> yakın
clinch <> yapış
clinched <> perçi
clincher <> düğüm
clincher <> sorun
clinches <> perçi
clindamycin <> klind
cling <> bağla
cling <> sadık
cling <> sarıl
cling <> tırma
cling <> tutun
cling <> yapış
clinger <> Cling
clingfish <> yapış
clinging <> bağım
clinging <> dar
clinging <> sıkı
clinging <> tırma
clinging <> yapış
clings <> tutun
clingstone <> Cling
clingy <> sarıl
clingy <> yapış
clinic <> çözüm
clinic <> belir
clinic <> klini
clinic <> muaye
clinica <> Clini
clinical <> hasta
clinical <> klini
clinical <> objek
clinical <> taraf
clinically <> klini
clinician <> klini
clinicians <> klini
clinicopathologic <> klini
clinicopathological <> klini
clinics <> klini
clink <> çın
clink <> çınla
clink <> şıkır
clink <> şıngı
clink <> hapis
clink <> kodes
clink <> tıkır
clink <> tıngı
clink <> tokuş
clinker <> cüruf
clinker <> donmu
clinker <> kirem
clinker <> klink
clinker <> tuğla
clinkering <> Klink
clinkers <> klink
clinking <> tıkır
clinking <> tıngı
clino <> CLINO
clinoamphibole <> Klino
clinochlore <> klino
clinoclase <> Klino
clinoenstatite <> Klino
clinoferrosilite <> Klino
clinohedrite <> Klino
clinohumite <> Klino
clinometer <> eğimö
clinometer <> klino
clinoptilolite <> klino
clinoptilolites <> klino
clinopyroxene <> klino
clinopyroxenes <> klino
clip <> şarjö
clip <> darbe
clip <> hile
clip <> indir
clip <> kırpı
clip <> kırpm
clip <> kısal
clip <> kavra
clip <> kazık
clip <> kesme
clip <> klibi
clip <> klips
clip <> koşma
clip <> manda
clip <> okkal
clip <> pens
clip <> rapti
clip <> sürat
clip <> saç 
clip <> sarıl
clip <> toka
clip <> tuttu
clip <> vurma
cliparts <> Clipa
clipboard <> Panoy
clipe <> Clipe
clipped <> kısal
clipper <> clipp
clipper <> hızlı
clipper <> klipe
clipper <> sürat
clippers <> makas
clippers <> tırna
clipping <> kırpı
clipping <> kırpm
clipping <> kupür
clippings <> kırpı
clips <> klipl
clique <> hizip
clique <> klik
clique <> komit
clique <> takım
cliquish <> ayrıc
cliquish <> hizip
clit <> bızır
clit <> klito
clitoral <> klito
clitoria <> Clito
clitoris <> bızır
clitoris <> klito
clival <> Klivu
clivus <> klivu
cloaca <> dışkı
cloaca <> günah
cloaca <> lağım
cloacal <> kloak
cloak <> örtü
cloak <> örtba
cloak <> örtme
cloak <> bahan
cloak <> gizle
cloak <> manto
cloak <> palto
cloak <> peler
cloak <> perde
cloak <> sakla
cloaked <> Gizle
cloaking <> gizle
cloakroom <> gardr
cloakroom <> tuval
cloakroom <> vesti
cloaks <> peler
clobber <> acıma
clobber <> benze
clobber <> dayak
clobber <> eleşt
clobber <> yenme
clobbered <> taşır
clobbers <> kaybı
clobetasol <> Klobe
cloche <> çan
cloche <> çan 
clock <> çorab
clock <> ölçme
clock <> krono
clock <> saat
clock <> taksi
clock <> ulaşt
clocked <> saat
clockers <> Clock
clockhouse <> Clock
clocks <> saatl
clockspeed <> saat
clockspeeds <> saat
clockwatch <> Clock
clockwatching <> Clock
clockwise <> saat
clockwork <> saat
clockworks <> Clock
clod <> budal
clod <> kesek
clod <> serse
clod <> topra
clodhopper <> hödük
clodhopper <> hanta
clodhopping <> kaba
clodhopping <> yontu
clog <> doldu
clog <> dolma
clog <> engel
clog <> köste
clog <> kütük
clog <> ket
clog <> nalın
clog <> pıhtı
clog <> sıkın
clog <> tıkam
clog <> tıkan
clog <> takun
clog <> terli
clogged <> tıkan
clogging <> tıkan
clogs <> terli
cloisonne <> emaye
cloister <> dehli
cloister <> inziv
cloister <> kapal
cloister <> kapan
cloister <> kemer
cloister <> manas
cloistered <> kapal
cloistered <> manas
cloisters <> dehli
cloistral <> manas
cloke <> Cloke
clomiphene <> klomi
clomipramine <> klomi
clonal <> klona
clonally <> klona
clonazepam <> klona
clone <> çoğal
clone <> eşeys
clone <> klon
cloned <> klonl
clones <> klonl
clonic <> kloni
clonidine <> kloni
cloning <> Klonl
clonus <> çırpı
clonus <> klonü
clop <> ayakl
closable <> kapat
close <> örtme
close <> amans
close <> anlaş
close <> avlu
close <> bağla
close <> bitiş
close <> bitir
close <> bunal
close <> cimri
close <> detay
close <> göğüs
close <> geçit
close <> içli
close <> kıt
close <> kadan
close <> kapal
close <> kapam
close <> kapat
close <> kesme
close <> ketum
close <> kilit
close <> mahre
close <> sürgü
close <> sıkış
close <> sıkı
close <> sık
close <> saklı
close <> son
close <> son 
close <> sonuç
close <> uzlaş
close <> yakın
close <> yakla
close <> yanaş
closeable <> kapak
closed <> Kapal
closed <> kapal
closed <> kapan
closed <> kapat
closedown <> Close
closely <> benze
closely <> dikka
closely <> hemen
closely <> sıkı
closely <> yakın
closeness <> cimri
closeness <> darlı
closeness <> gizli
closeness <> havas
closeness <> kapal
closeness <> sıklı
closeness <> yakın
closer <> yakın
closers <> kapat
closes <> kapan
closest <> En
closet <> özel
closet <> şahsi
closet <> bölme
closet <> dolap
closet <> gömme
closet <> gizli
closet <> helâ
closet <> küçük
closet <> kişis
closet <> kloze
closet <> mahre
closet <> odaya
closet <> tuval
closet <> yüklü
closeted <> odaya
closets <> dolap
closing <> kapam
closing <> kapan
closing <> kapat
closings <> kapan
clostridial <> Clost
closure <> bitir
closure <> kapam
closure <> kapan
closure <> kapat
closure <> koyma
closure <> oylam
closure <> son 
closures <> kilit
clot <> üzeri
clot <> ahmak
clot <> avana
clot <> kesil
clot <> pıhtı
cloth <> örtü
cloth <> bez
cloth <> cilt
cloth <> din 
cloth <> kumaş
cloth <> rahip
cloth <> sofra
cloth <> yelke
clothe <> örtme
clothe <> bürüm
clothe <> güzel
clothe <> giydi
clothe <> giysi
clothe <> kapla
clothe <> renkl
clothe <> sarma
clothe <> zengi
clothed <> giyin
clothes <> çamaş
clothes <> örtül
clothes <> üst 
clothes <> elbis
clothes <> giysi
clothes <> yatak
clotheshorse <> çamaş
clotheslines <> Cloth
clothespress <> elbis
clothier <> elbis
clothier <> kumaş
clothing <> elbis
clothing <> giyim
clothing <> giysi
clothings <> giysi
cloths <> bezle
clotrimazole <> klotr
clots <> pıhtı
clotted <> pıhtı
clotting <> pıhtı
cloture <> oylam
cloud <> örtme
cloud <> berba
cloud <> bulan
cloud <> bulut
cloud <> gölge
cloud <> küme
cloud <> kapat
cloud <> karar
cloud <> leke
cloud <> lekel
cloud <> sürü
cloud <> sıkın
cloudburst <> şidde
cloudburst <> ani 
cloudburst <> bulut
clouded <> belir
clouded <> bulan
clouded <> bulut
clouded <> donuk
clouded <> gölge
clouded <> karan
clouded <> lekel
cloudily <> belir
cloudily <> bulan
cloudily <> bulut
cloudily <> gölge
cloudily <> harel
cloudily <> kapal
cloudiness <> bulut
clouding <> karış
cloudless <> açık
cloudless <> bulut
cloudlessly <> açıkç
cloudlessly <> bulut
clouds <> bulut
cloudscape <> bulut
cloudy <> açık
cloudy <> belir
cloudy <> bulan
cloudy <> bulut
cloudy <> damar
cloudy <> gölge
cloudy <> harel
cloudy <> kapal
cloudy <> muğla
clough <> koyak
clough <> vadi
clout <> darbe
clout <> etki
clout <> güç
clout <> hedef
clout <> indir
clout <> nüfuz
clout <> paçav
clout <> prest
clout <> tokat
clout <> vurma
cloutier <> Clout
clove <> cleav
clove <> diş
clove <> karan
clove <> sarım
cloven <> çatla
cloven <> ayrık
cloven <> yarık
clover <> yonca
cloverleaf <> üst
cloverleaf <> üst 
cloverleaf <> yonca
clovers <> yonca
cloves <> karan
clow <> Clow
clown <> hödük
clown <> kaba
clown <> palya
clown <> soyta
clownery <> fars
clownery <> kaba
clownery <> soyta
clowning <> palya
clownish <> budal
clownish <> kaba
clownish <> yontu
clownishly <> budal
clownishly <> kabac
clowns <> palya
cloy <> bıktı
cloy <> gına
cloy <> iğren
cloy <> tiksi
cloy <> usand
cloying <> iğren
cloying <> tiksi
clozapine <> Kloza
cloze <> Cloze
club <> çomak
club <> dövme
club <> derne
club <> dipçi
club <> katıl
club <> kulüp
club <> lobut
club <> ortak
club <> sinek
club <> sopa
club <> sopal
club <> topla
clubable <> giriş
clubable <> kulüp
clubable <> sosya
clubbable <> giriş
clubbable <> kulüp
clubbable <> sosya
clubbed <> Clubb
clubby <> giriş
clubby <> sosya
clubfoot <> çarpı
clubhouse <> kulüp
clubhouses <> kulüp
clubland <> Londr
clubman <> kulüp
clubmaster <> Clubm
clubrooms <> klüpl
clubs <> kulüp
clubs <> sinek
cluck <> aptal
cluck <> avana
cluck <> gıdak
clucking <> tavuk
clucky <> Cluck
cluded <> dışla
clue <> şipka
clue <> anaht
clue <> aydın
clue <> bilgi
clue <> hamak
clue <> işare
clue <> ipucu
clue <> iz
clue <> topak
clue <> yumak
clues <> ipuçl
clum <> Clum
clumber <> Clumb
clump <> ağır
clump <> ayakk
clump <> grup
clump <> indir
clump <> küme
clump <> kümey
clump <> sert
clump <> yığın
clump <> yığma
clump <> yumru
clumping <> topak
clumps <> öbekl
clumsily <> acemi
clumsily <> becer
clumsily <> sakar
clumsiness <> acemi
clumsiness <> becer
clumsiness <> hanta
clumsiness <> sakar
clumsiness <> sarsa
clumsy <> acemi
clumsy <> becer
clumsy <> hödük
clumsy <> hanta
clumsy <> sakar
clumsy <> sarsa
clunes <> Clune
clung <> sarıl
clunky <> aksak
clupea <> Clupe
clupeidae <> Clupe
cluster <> bir 
cluster <> demet
cluster <> dizi
cluster <> heven
cluster <> küme
cluster <> oğul
cluster <> salkı
cluster <> topla
cluster <> tutam
clustered <> kümel
clusterfuck <> Clust
clusterin <> Clust
clustering <> kümel
clusters <> kümel
clutch <> ambre
clutch <> atılm
clutch <> debri
clutch <> güç
clutch <> grup
clutch <> kapma
clutch <> kavra
clutch <> kontr
clutch <> kuluç
clutch <> pençe
clutch <> tutma
clutch <> yakal
clutch <> yapış
clutched <> kavra
clutches <> güç
clutches <> kontr
clutches <> pençe
clutching <> kavra
clutchy <> Clutc
clutter <> altüs
clutter <> dağın
clutter <> darma
clutter <> karış
clutter <> karma
clutter <> tıka
clutter <> yığma
cluttered <> darma
cluttering <> dağın
cly <> CLY
clyster <> lâvma
clyster <> lavma
clyster <> tenki
clytemnestra <> CLYTE
cnidaria <> Cnida
cnidarians <> Cnida
coach <> çalış
coach <> özel
coach <> antre
coach <> araba
coach <> at 
coach <> eğitm
coach <> ekono
coach <> fayto
coach <> hazır
coach <> koç
coach <> limuz
coach <> otobü
coach <> posta
coach <> ucuz
coach <> yetiş
coach <> yolcu
coached <> çalış
coaches <> antre
coaching <> özel
coaching <> antre
coaching <> araba
coachman <> araba
coachmen <> Araba
coachwhips <> Coach
coachwork <> üst 
coachwork <> karos
coaction <> baskı
coaction <> etkil
coaction <> zorla
coadjutor <> asist
coadjutor <> pisko
coadjutor <> yardı
coadministration <> eş
coag <> COAG
coagula <> koagü
coagulant <> koagü
coagulants <> koagü
coagulase <> koagü
coagulate <> koyul
coagulate <> pıhtı
coagulated <> pıhtı
coagulates <> pıhtı
coagulating <> pıhtı
coagulation <> pıhtı
coagulations <> koagü
coagulative <> koagü
coagulator <> koagü
coagulometer <> koagü
coagulopathies <> koagü
coagulopathy <> koagü
coagulum <> pıhtı
coal <> bir 
coal <> kömür
coal <> kor
coal <> maden
coala <> COALA
coalbed <> kömür
coalbox <> kömür
coaldust <> kömür
coaler <> kömür
coalesce <> bir 
coalesce <> birle
coalesce <> kayna
coalescence <> berab
coalescence <> birle
coalescence <> birli
coalfield <> kömür
coalification <> Kömür
coaling <> kömür
coalition <> birle
coalition <> koali
coalitional <> koali
coalitions <> koali
coalmine <> Coalm
coalminers <> maden
coalpit <> kömür
coalpit <> kuyu
coals <> kömür
coalsack <> Kömür
coaltar <> Coalt
coaly <> kömür
coaming <> ambar
coaming <> kapor
coaming <> mezar
coamings <> ambar
coarctation <> koark
coarctations <> koark
coarse <> adi
coarse <> bayağ
coarse <> iri 
coarse <> kaba
coarse <> kalın
coarse <> kalit
coarse <> terbi
coarse <> yontu
coarsely <> adice
coarsely <> kabac
coarsely <> kalit
coarsely <> terbi
coarsen <> kabal
coarseness <> bayağ
coarseness <> hoyra
coarseness <> kabal
coarseness <> kalit
coarseness <> terbi
coarseness <> yontu
coarsening <> kabal
coarsens <> kabal
coarser <> kaba
coast <> beleş
coast <> deniz
coast <> kıyı
coast <> kızak
coast <> sahil
coast <> yokuş
coastal <> kıyı
coastal <> sahil
coaster <> barda
coaster <> iki 
coaster <> kıyı
coaster <> kızak
coaster <> koste
coaster <> tahta
coasters <> barda
coastguard <> sahil
coasting <> kıyı
coasting <> kızak
coasting <> kabot
coasting <> yokuş
coastline <> kıyı
coastline <> sahil
coastlines <> sahil
coasts <> kıyıl
coastwise <> kıyı
coastwise <> kıyıd
coat <> örtü
coat <> örtme
coat <> ceket
coat <> kaban
coat <> kabuk
coat <> kapla
coat <> kaput
coat <> kat
coat <> manto
coat <> palto
coat <> parka
coat <> post
coat <> sürme
coat <> sarma
coat <> tabak
coate <> Coate
coated <> örtül
coated <> giymi
coated <> kaplı
coated <> kapla
coated <> paslı
coated <> sıvan
coatee <> dar
coatee <> dar 
coatee <> kısa
coater <> lak
coates <> Coate
coati <> kayot
coating <> kapla
coating <> kat
coating <> palto
coating <> sıva
coating <> tabak
coatings <> kapla
coats <> kat
coauthor <> ortak
coauthors <> yazar
coax <> coax
coax <> dil 
coax <> gönlü
coax <> ikna
coax <> tatlı
coaxal <> eksen
coaxal <> ortak
coaxial <> eksen
coaxial <> koaks
coaxial <> ortak
coaxing <> tatlı
cob <> iri 
cob <> küçük
cob <> kısa
cob <> kerpi
cob <> mısır
cob <> topak
cobalamin <> kobal
cobalt <> kobal
cobaltic <> kobal
cobaltinitrite <> kobal
cobaltite <> Kobal
cobaltous <> Kobal
cobble <> Arnav
cobble <> kabac
cobble <> kaldı
cobble <> parke
cobble <> pençe
cobble <> taş 
cobble <> taşla
cobble <> tamir
cobble <> uydur
cobble <> yuvar
cobbled <> Arnav
cobbler <> şarap
cobbler <> acemi
cobbler <> ayakk
cobbler <> meyve
cobblers <> ayakk
cobbles <> kömür
cobblestone <> kaldı
cobblestone <> parke
cobblestoned <> Arnav
cobblestones <> parke
cobbs <> Cobbs
cobelligerent <> birli
cobelligerent <> ittif
cobloaf <> iri
cobloaf <> iri 
cobloaf <> kalın
cobnut <> iri
cobnut <> iri 
cobra <> gözlü
cobra <> kobra
cobras <> kobra
cobs <> koçan
cobweb <> örümc
cobweb <> ağ
cobweb <> dayan
cobweb <> hile
cobweb <> kurun
cobweb <> temiz
cobweb <> tuzak
cobwebbed <> örümc
cobwebby <> örümc
cobwebs <> örümc
coca <> koka
coca <> yapra
cocagne <> Cocag
cocain <> kokai
cocaine <> kokai
cocainism <> kokai
cocci <> içli
cocci <> koküs
coccidae <> Cocci
coccidian <> koksi
coccidioidin <> koksi
coccidioidomycosis <> KOKSİ
coccinella <> Cocci
coccinellidae <> Cocci
cocco <> Cocco
coccoidea <> Cocco
coccolith <> kokol
coccoliths <> Kokol
coccosteus <> Cocco
coccus <> içli
coccus <> koküs
coccyx <> koksi
coccyx <> kuyru
coch <> Coch
coches <> Coche
cochin <> Cochi
cochineal <> kırmı
cochlea <> kokle
cochlea <> kulak
cochlear <> Kokle
cock <> çük
cock <> önder
cock <> dikme
cock <> erkek
cock <> hazır
cock <> horoz
cock <> kamış
cock <> kurma
cock <> lider
cock <> marta
cock <> muslu
cock <> ot 
cock <> penis
cock <> rüzgâ
cock <> saçma
cock <> saman
cock <> tetiğ
cock <> zırva
cockade <> şapka
cockade <> kokar
cockades <> kep
cockadoodledoo <> kukir
cockatiel <> Sulta
cockatoo <> kakad
cockatoo <> rengâ
cockatoos <> kakad
cockatrice <> efsan
cockatrice <> horoz
cockboat <> sanda
cockchafer <> mayıs
cockcrow <> horoz
cockcrow <> sabah
cocked <> eğdi
cocker <> üzeri
cocker <> şımar
cocker <> cocke
cockerel <> yavru
cockeyed <> çarpı
cockeyed <> şaşı
cockeyed <> budal
cockeyed <> eğri
cockeyed <> saçma
cockeyed <> sarho
cockfight <> horoz
cockfighting <> horoz
cockhorse <> oyunc
cockhorse <> tahta
cockiness <> kendi
cocking <> horoz
cockle <> buruş
cockle <> dalga
cockle <> küçük
cockle <> kırış
cockle <> kabuk
cockle <> tarak
cockleboat <> küçük
cockleboat <> sanda
cockles <> tarak
cockleshell <> küçük
cockleshell <> kabuk
cockleshell <> tarak
cockney <> Londr
cockney <> doğu
cockneydom <> doğu
cockneyism <> Londr
cockpit <> alçak
cockpit <> horoz
cockpit <> kokpi
cockpit <> mücâd
cockpit <> pilot
cockpit <> sürüc
cockpits <> kokpi
cockroach <> hamam
cockroach <> karab
cockroach <> karaf
cockroaches <> hamam
cocks <> muslu
cockscomb <> bobst
cockscomb <> horoz
cockscomb <> züppe
cockspur <> akdik
cockspur <> horoz
cocksucker <> aşağı
cocksuckers <> Cocks
cocksure <> emin
cocksure <> gayet
cocksure <> kendi
cocktail <> kokte
cocktails <> kokte
cocky <> burnu
cocky <> kendi
coco <> Hindi
coco <> coco
cocoa <> kakao
coconut <> Hindi
coconut <> baş
coconut <> kafa
coconuts <> hindi
cocoon <> korum
cocoon <> koruy
cocoon <> koza
cocoon <> sarma
cocoons <> kozal
cocos <> Cocos
cocotte <> koket
cocotte <> sosye
cocotte <> yosma
cocreate <> CoCre
cocreators <> yarat
cocultured <> kültü
cod <> dalga
cod <> işlet
cod <> morin
cod <> sazan
coda <> koda
codan <> Codan
codded <> barbi
coddle <> özenl
coddle <> üzeri
coddle <> şımar
coddle <> hafif
coddle <> kayna
coddle <> nazlı
code <> şifre
code <> kılav
code <> kanun
code <> kod
code <> kodla
code <> kural
code <> numar
code <> prens
code <> tüzük
code <> yönet
code <> yasa
codebook <> çizel
codebreaker <> Codeb
codecs <> codec
coded <> kodlu
codeine <> kodei
codeless <> Codel
codenamed <> kod
coder <> şifre
coder <> coder
coder <> kodla
coders <> kodla
codes <> kodla
codetermination <> ortak
codeword <> şifre
codex <> el 
codex <> klasi
codex <> kodek
codexes <> benze
codfish <> morin
codfisher <> morin
codger <> antik
codger <> garip
codger <> tip
codicil <> vasiy
codification <> kodla
codified <> kodla
codify <> şifre
codify <> kodla
codify <> siste
codifying <> düzen
coding <> kodla
codings <> kodla
codirectional <> eşyön
codirector <> Müdür
codling <> bir 
codling <> ham
codling <> ham 
codling <> morin
codman <> Codma
codominant <> kodom
codon <> kodon
codons <> kodon
codriver <> şoför
codriver <> ikinc
cods <> prose
coed <> karma
coeds <> Coeds
coeducation <> karma
coeducational <> karma
coefficiency <> katsa
coefficient <> birli
coefficient <> işbir
coefficient <> katsa
coefficient <> ortak
coefficients <> katsa
coelacanth <> Coela
coelenterata <> Coele
coelenterate <> selen
coeliac <> Çölya
coeliac <> karın
coelophysis <> Kölof
coemption <> piyas
coenzyme <> koenz
coenzymes <> koenz
coequal <> akran
coequal <> denk
coequal <> eş
coequal <> eşit
coerce <> baskı
coerce <> mecbu
coerce <> zorla
coerced <> zorla
coercible <> mecbu
coercible <> zorun
coercing <> zorlu
coercion <> baskı
coercion <> zorla
coercions <> zorla
coercive <> zorla
coercively <> zorla
coerciveness <> zora
coesite <> koezi
coeval <> çağda
coeval <> akran
coeval <> yaşıt
coevally <> akran
coevally <> yaşıt
coevolution <> Birli
coexist <> arada
coexist <> bir 
coexist <> yan 
coexisted <> arada
coexistence <> bir
coexistence <> bir 
coexistence <> birli
coexistent <> bir
coexistent <> bir 
coexisting <> eşlik
coexists <> eşlik
cofactor <> eşçar
cofactors <> kofak
coff <> msgst
coffee <> kahve
coffeehouse <> çayev
coffeehouse <> kahve
coffeehouses <> kahve
coffeemaker <> kahve
coffeemakers <> kahve
coffeepot <> kahve
coffees <> kahve
coffeetable <> sehpa
coffer <> hazin
coffer <> kasa
coffer <> kutu
coffer <> sandı
coffer <> tavan
cofferdam <> kofer
cofferdam <> sualt
cofferdams <> kofer
coffers <> hazin
coffers <> para
coffin <> açılm
coffin <> radyo
coffin <> tabut
coffinite <> Kofin
coffins <> Tabut
coffret <> Kofre
coffs <> Coffs
cofinancing <> eş
cofounder <> kuruc
cofounders <> kuruc
cog <> çark
cog <> diş
cog <> dişli
cog <> hile
cog <> kurma
cog <> tutma
cogency <> ikna
cogency <> inand
cogenerated <> Üreti
cogeneration <> kojen
cogenerators <> Ürete
cogent <> ikna
cogent <> inand
cogged <> dişli
cogger <> Cogge
cogitate <> bulma
cogitate <> düşün
cogitate <> icat
cogitate <> kavra
cogitated <> düşün
cogitation <> düşün
cogitation <> fikir
cognac <> Frans
cognac <> konya
cognacs <> konya
cognate <> akrab
cognate <> aynı
cognate <> ayni
cognate <> hısım
cognate <> kökü
cognate <> soyda
cognation <> aklın
cognation <> idrak
cognation <> kavra
cognisance <> anlay
cognisance <> bilgi
cognisance <> farkı
cognisance <> idrak
cognisance <> kavra
cognisance <> kaza
cognisance <> mahke
cognisant <> bilen
cognisant <> bilin
cognisant <> farkı
cognisant <> haber
cognisant <> idrak
cognition <> biliş
cognitional <> biliş
cognitions <> biliş
cognitive <> biliş
cognitive <> idrak
cognitive <> kavra
cognitively <> biliş
cognizable <> idrak
cognizable <> kavra
cognizable <> mahke
cognizable <> tanın
cognizance <> anlay
cognizance <> bilgi
cognizance <> farkı
cognizance <> idrak
cognizance <> kavra
cognizance <> kaza
cognizance <> mahke
cognizant <> bilen
cognizant <> bilin
cognizant <> farkı
cognizant <> haber
cognizant <> idrak
cognized <> idrak
cognomen <> lakap
cognomen <> soyad
cognomen <> takma
cognoscente <> ehil
cognoscente <> erbap
cognoscenti <> ehil
cognoscenti <> erbap
cognoscible <> anlaş
cognoscible <> bilin
cognoscible <> kavra
cognovit <> ikrar
cognovit <> itira
cogs <> Cogs
cogwheel <> çark
cogwheel <> dişli
cohabit <> birli
cohabit <> evlen
cohabitation <> birli
cohabitation <> evlen
cohabiting <> birli
coheir <> ortak
coheiress <> ortak
cohenite <> Kohen
cohere <> bağla
cohere <> eş 
cohere <> tutar
cohere <> tutma
cohere <> yapış
cohered <> tutar
coherence <> ahenk
coherence <> eş 
coherence <> tutar
coherence <> uygun
coherence <> uyum
coherence <> yapış
coherency <> ahenk
coherency <> eş 
coherency <> tutar
coherency <> uygun
coherency <> uyum
coherency <> yapış
coherent <> ahenk
coherent <> birbi
coherent <> tutar
coherent <> uyuml
coherent <> yapış
coherently <> tutar
coherer <> dalga
cohesion <> bağlı
cohesion <> birle
cohesion <> uyum
cohesion <> yapış
cohesionless <> Kohez
cohesive <> bağlı
cohesive <> yapış
cohesively <> akıcı
cohesiveness <> bağlı
cohesiveness <> yapış
coho <> Asma
cohoba <> COHOB
cohoes <> Cohoe
cohomology <> kohom
cohort <> kalab
cohort <> kohor
cohort <> lejyo
cohort <> toplu
cohorts <> Kusak
cohosh <> yılan
coif <> şekil
coif <> bone
coif <> külah
coif <> saç 
coif <> takke
coiffeur <> kadın
coiffeur <> kuafö
coiffeurs <> kuafö
coiffure <> saç
coiffure <> saç 
coign <> çıkın
coil <> bobin
coil <> bukle
coil <> dolam
coil <> dolan
coil <> gürül
coil <> halka
coil <> kanga
coil <> karga
coil <> patır
coil <> sarıl
coil <> sarma
coil <> tomar
coil <> yay
coil <> yumak
coiled <> sarma
coiler <> koyle
coilers <> sarma
coiling <> kıvrı
coils <> bobin
coin <> bozuk
coin <> demir
coin <> deyim
coin <> maden
coin <> para
coin <> sözcü
coin <> sikke
coinage <> maden
coinage <> para
coinage <> tedav
coinage <> uydur
coinage <> yeni
coincide <> çatış
coincide <> denk
coincide <> rastl
coincide <> tutar
coincide <> uymak
coincided <> çakış
coincidence <> çatış
coincidence <> denk
coincidence <> rastl
coincidence <> tesad
coincidences <> rastl
coincident <> rastl
coincident <> tesad
coincident <> tutar
coincident <> uyan
coincidental <> tesad
coincidentally <> tesad
coincidents <> rasla
coincides <> çakış
coinciding <> rastl
coined <> icat
coiner <> kalpa
coiner <> para
coiner <> yeni
coinheritance <> kalıt
coining <> atılm
coins <> maden
coinsurance <> koasü
cointegrated <> eşbüt
coir <> Hindi
coit <> Coit
coital <> çiftl
coital <> cinse
coition <> çiftl
coition <> cinse
coitus <> çiftl
coitus <> cinse
cojones <> size
coke <> dönüş
coke <> kok
coke <> kok 
coke <> kokai
coke <> kola
coke <> kolal
coke <> maden
cokernut <> Hindi
coking <> kokla
col <> col
col <> dağ 
cola <> kola
colander <> kevgi
colander <> süzge
colanders <> süzge
colas <> kola
colchicine <> Kolşi
colchicum <> çiğde
colchicum <> safra
cold <> üşümü
cold <> baygı
cold <> donuk
cold <> duygu
cold <> kaçın
cold <> kesin
cold <> nezle
cold <> sıkıc
cold <> sakin
cold <> soğuk
cold <> yapma
coldblooded <> soğuk
colder <> soğuk
coldest <> soğuk
coldhearted <> acıma
coldhearted <> duygu
coldhearted <> katı
coldheartedly <> acıma
coldheartedly <> duygu
coldheartedly <> katı
coldish <> bayağ
coldish <> soğuk
coldly <> üşüye
coldly <> sakin
coldly <> soğuk
coldness <> soğuk
colds <> soğuk
cole <> kolza
cole <> lâhan
colectomies <> kolek
colectomy <> kolek
colemanite <> kolem
coleoptera <> kınka
coleoptile <> koleo
colera <> Coler
coles <> Coles
coleslaw <> lâhan
colestipol <> koles
colic <> kalın
colic <> kolik
colic <> sancı
colicky <> kolik
coliform <> kolif
coliforms <> kolif
colins <> Colin
coliseum <> Colis
coliseum <> amfit
coliseum <> spor
coliseum <> stady
colistin <> kolis
colitis <> kalın
colitis <> kolit
collaborate <> birli
collaborate <> düşma
collaborate <> el 
collaborate <> işbir
collaborated <> işbir
collaborates <> işbir
collaborating <> işbir
collaboration <> birli
collaboration <> işbir
collaborationist <> işbir
collaborations <> işbir
collaborative <> işbir
collaboratively <> işbir
collaborator <> iş 
collaborator <> işbir
collaborator <> ortak
collaborators <> Ortak
collage <> kolaj
collagen <> kolla
collagenase <> kolla
collagenases <> kolla
collagenous <> kolla
collagens <> kolla
collages <> kolaj
collapsable <> katla
collapse <> çöküş
collapse <> çökün
collapse <> çökme
collapse <> başar
collapse <> bozul
collapse <> cesar
collapse <> ciğer
collapse <> düşüş
collapse <> düşme
collapse <> kolap
collapse <> porta
collapse <> suya
collapse <> yığıl
collapse <> yıkıl
collapsed <> çökük
collapsed <> çökmü
collapses <> çökme
collapsible <> açılı
collapsible <> katla
collapsible <> porta
collapsing <> çöken
collar <> durdu
collar <> sıkma
collar <> tasma
collar <> yürüt
collar <> yaka
collar <> yakal
collar <> yakas
collarbone <> köprü
collarbones <> köprü
collard <> Colla
collards <> Karal
collared <> Yakal
collaret <> yaka
collarette <> yaka
collarless <> yakas
collars <> yaka
collate <> harma
collate <> karşı
collate <> sıral
collated <> Harma
collateral <> aynı
collateral <> köken
collateral <> paral
collateral <> soyda
collateral <> tâli
collateral <> tamam
collateral <> yan
collateral <> yardı
collateralised <> Temin
collateralization <> temin
collateralize <> kayıp
collateralized <> temin
collaterals <> temin
collates <> harma
collating <> harma
collation <> apera
collation <> hafif
collation <> karşı
collation <> tanım
collations <> alfab
collator <> karşı
colleague <> iş
colleague <> iş 
colleague <> mesle
colleagues <> arkad
collect <> ödeme
collect <> almak
collect <> ayinl
collect <> bir 
collect <> birik
collect <> derle
collect <> kolek
collect <> tahsi
collect <> topar
collect <> topla
collect <> uğray
collectability <> Nitel
collectables <> Colle
collectanea <> Colle
collected <> aklı
collected <> kendi
collected <> sakin
collected <> topla
collectedness <> aklı
collectedness <> sakin
collectibility <> Tahsi
collectible <> tahsi
collectibles <> kolek
collecting <> para
collecting <> tahsi
collecting <> topla
collectings <> derle
collection <> derle
collection <> kolek
collection <> para
collection <> tabak
collection <> tahsi
collection <> topla
collection <> yığın
collectioner <> kolek
collectioners <> Kolek
collections <> dönem
collections <> kolek
collections <> vizel
collective <> genel
collective <> müşte
collective <> ortak
collective <> toplu
collectively <> müşte
collectively <> ortak
collectively <> toplu
collectively <> topta
collectiveness <> birli
collectives <> kolek
collectivisation <> kolek
collectivise <> kolek
collectivised <> kolek
collectivism <> kolek
collectivism <> ortak
collectivist <> kolek
collectivist <> ortak
collectivists <> kolek
collectivity <> aklı
collectivity <> bütün
collectivity <> sakin
collectivization <> ortak
collector <> kolek
collector <> tahsi
collector <> topla
collector <> yardı
collectors <> topla
collects <> topla
colleen <> Colle
colleen <> kız
college <> ünive
college <> akade
college <> derne
college <> ensti
college <> fakül
college <> heyet
college <> kolej
college <> kurul
college <> okul
college <> yükse
colleger <> ünive
colleger <> kolej
colleges <> kolej
collegial <> mesle
collegiality <> mesle
collegian <> ünive
collegian <> kolej
collegiate <> ünive
collegiate <> bağlı
collegiate <> kolej
collegium <> Colle
collenchyma <> kolle
collet <> bilez
collet <> halka
collet <> mücev
collet <> tasma
collet <> yüksü
collets <> Pense
colley <> Colle
collide <> çarpı
collide <> çarpm
collide <> çatış
collide <> ters
collide <> zıt 
collided <> çarpı
collider <> çarpı
colliders <> çarpı
collides <> çarpı
colliding <> Çarpı
collie <> işkoç
collie <> lessi
collier <> kömür
collier <> maden
colliers <> Colli
colliery <> kömür
collies <> Colli
colligate <> bağla
colligate <> birle
colligative <> kolig
collimate <> ayarl
collimate <> hizal
collimate <> paral
collimation <> kolim
collimator <> kolim
collimators <> kolim
collin <> Colli
collinear <> doğru
collinearity <> çoklu
collineation <> Kolin
collines <> Colli
collings <> Colli
collision <> çarpı
collision <> çatış
collision <> fikir
collision <> tosla
collisional <> çarpı
collisions <> çarpı
collocate <> düzen
collocate <> sıral
collocate <> yan
collocate <> yan 
collocation <> düzen
collocation <> eşdiz
collocation <> sıral
collocation <> yan 
collocational <> dizim
collocations <> eşdiz
collocutor <> hitap
collocutor <> muhat
collodion <> kolod
collodions <> kollo
collogue <> entri
collogue <> gizli
colloid <> koloi
colloidal <> koloi
colloids <> kollo
collop <> et
collop <> et 
collop <> kızar
colloquia <> kolok
colloquial <> günlü
colloquial <> konuş
colloquialism <> konuş
colloquialisms <> konuş
colloquium <> kolok
colloquiums <> topla
colloquy <> diyal
colloquy <> karşı
collotype <> ışık
collude <> dolap
collude <> gizli
collum <> kollu
collusion <> dolap
collusion <> gizli
collusion <> hile
collusive <> gizli
colluvial <> kolüv
colluvium <> Kolüv
collyrium <> göz
collyrium <> göz 
collywobbles <> karın
collywobbles <> mide
colo <> Colo
coloboma <> kolob
colocation <> Coloc
colocolic <> kolok
cologne <> kolon
colognes <> kolon
colombier <> Colom
colon <> iki 
colon <> kalın
colon <> kolon
colone <> Colon
colonel <> albay
colonelcy <> albay
colonels <> albay
coloni <> kolon
colonia <> Colon
colonial <> eskid
colonial <> kolon
colonial <> sömür
colonialism <> kolon
colonialism <> sömür
colonialist <> sömür
colonialists <> sömür
colonialization <> Sömür
colonially <> sömür
colonials <> sömür
colonic <> kalın
colonic <> kolik
colonic <> kolon
colonics <> Colon
colonies <> kolon
colonisation <> bölge
colonisation <> kolon
colonisation <> sömür
colonise <> kolon
colonise <> sömür
colonised <> kolon
colonisers <> sömür
colonises <> yerle
colonising <> kolon
colonist <> sömür
colonists <> kolon
colonization <> bölge
colonization <> kolon
colonization <> sömür
colonizations <> kolon
colonize <> kolon
colonize <> sömür
colonized <> kolon
colonizer <> sömür
colonizers <> sömür
colonizes <> kolon
colonizing <> kolon
colonnade <> kemer
colonnade <> sütun
colonnaded <> sütun
colonoscope <> kolon
colonoscopic <> kolon
colonoscopies <> kolon
colonoscopy <> Kolon
colons <> iki
colony <> kolon
colony <> sömür
colony <> toplu
colophon <> kitap
colophon <> yayın
colophony <> çamsa
colophony <> kolof
color <> çarpı
color <> abart
color <> bet 
color <> boya
color <> boyam
color <> canlı
color <> coşku
color <> dış 
color <> forma
color <> gerçe
color <> içyüz
color <> kızar
color <> maske
color <> nüans
color <> renk
color <> renkl
color <> saptı
color <> ten 
color <> ton
color <> yüz 
colorable <> akla
colorable <> aldat
colorable <> inand
colorable <> sahte
colorable <> uydur
colorable <> yalan
colorable <> yanıl
colorama <> Color
colorant <> boyar
colorants <> renkl
coloration <> renkl
colorations <> renkl
coloratura <> kolor
coloratura <> sesle
colorature <> kolor
colordepth <> color
colorectal <> kolor
colored <> aldat
colored <> boyal
colored <> boyan
colored <> etki
colored <> göz 
colored <> renkl
colored <> taraf
colored <> zenci
coloreds <> renkl
colorfast <> rengi
colorfast <> renk
colorfast <> solma
colorful <> canlı
colorful <> rengâ
colorful <> renkl
colorfully <> renga
colorfulness <> renkl
colorific <> renk
colorimeter <> kolor
colorimeter <> renk
colorimeters <> kolor
colorimetric <> kolor
colorimetrically <> kolor
colorimetry <> kolor
coloring <> boya
coloring <> boyam
coloring <> renk
coloring <> renkl
coloring <> yüz 
coloring <> yanıl
colorings <> renkl
colorist <> renkl
colorization <> renkl
colorless <> cansı
colorless <> donuk
colorless <> renks
colorless <> solgu
colorless <> soluk
colorless <> taraf
colorlessness <> renks
colormap <> Renk
colors <> bayra
colors <> renkl
colors <> sanca
coloscopy <> bağır
colossal <> şaşır
colossal <> dev
colossal <> devas
colossal <> kocam
colossal <> müthi
colossal <> muazz
colossi <> devle
colossus <> dev
colossus <> dev 
colossus <> devas
colostomy <> kolos
colostral <> kolos
colostrum <> kolos
colostrums <> kolos
colour <> çarpı
colour <> abart
colour <> bet 
colour <> boya
colour <> boyam
colour <> canlı
colour <> coşku
colour <> dış 
colour <> forma
colour <> gerçe
colour <> içyüz
colour <> kızar
colour <> maske
colour <> nüans
colour <> renk
colour <> renkl
colour <> saptı
colour <> ten 
colour <> ton
colour <> yüz 
colourant <> renkl
colourants <> renkl
colouration <> renkl
colourative <> renkl
colourblind <> renk
colourblindness <> renk
coloured <> aldat
coloured <> boyal
coloured <> boyan
coloured <> etki
coloured <> göz 
coloured <> renkl
coloured <> taraf
coloured <> zenci
coloureds <> renkl
colourfast <> renk
colourfast <> solma
colourful <> canlı
colourful <> rengâ
colourful <> renkl
colourfully <> renga
colourfulness <> renkl
colouring <> boya
colouring <> boyam
colouring <> renk
colouring <> renkl
colouring <> yüz 
colouring <> yanıl
colourings <> renkl
colourise <> renkl
colourist <> renkl
colourizer <> Colou
colourless <> cansı
colourless <> donuk
colourless <> renks
colourless <> solgu
colourless <> soluk
colourless <> taraf
colours <> bayra
colours <> renkl
colours <> sanca
colourways <> renkt
colpopexy <> kolpo
colportage <> gezic
colporteur <> gezic
colposcope <> Kolpo
colposcopic <> kolpo
colposcopically <> kolpo
colposcopy <> kolpo
colpotomy <> Kolpo
colt <> acemi
colt <> kırba
colt <> kamçı
colt <> sıpa
colt <> taban
colt <> tay
colt <> toy
colt <> ustur
colter <> saban
colter <> sapan
coltsfoot <> öksür
coluber <> Colub
colubridae <> Colub
columba <> Colum
columbarium <> güver
columbine <> hasek
columbine <> kısa
columbine <> palya
columbite <> Kolum
columbo <> Colum
columella <> Kolum
column <> basam
column <> direk
column <> kolon
column <> makal
column <> sütun
columnar <> sütun
columned <> sütun
columnist <> köşe
columnists <> köşe
columns <> sütun
coly <> Coly
colza <> kolza
coma <> baygı
coma <> koma
coma <> kuyru
coma <> püskü
comal <> Comal
comanchero <> Coman
comancheros <> Coman
comart <> Comar
comatose <> baygı
comatose <> komad
comatous <> komat
comb <> arama
comb <> arayı
comb <> ayırm
comb <> fırça
comb <> ibik
comb <> kaşağ
comb <> sorgu
comb <> tarak
comb <> taram
comb <> tepe
comb <> tepel
combat <> çarpı
combat <> dövüş
combat <> mücâd
combat <> savaş
combatant <> kavga
combatant <> savaş
combatants <> muhar
combated <> mücad
combating <> mücad
combative <> hırçı
combative <> kavga
combats <> savaş
combatting <> mücad
combe <> dağla
combe <> vadi
combed <> taran
comber <> tarak
comber <> uzun
combers <> penye
combes <> COMBE
combi <> Kombi
combinable <> kombi
combination <> bağla
combination <> bileş
combination <> birle
combination <> birli
combination <> karış
combination <> karte
combination <> kombi
combination <> sepet
combination <> tek 
combinational <> kombi
combinations <> kombi
combinator <> bağda
combinatorial <> kombi
combinatorics <> kombi
combinatory <> kombi
combine <> birle
combine <> birli
combine <> karış
combine <> karte
combine <> kayna
combine <> kombi
combine <> topla
combine <> uzlaş
combined <> bileş
combined <> birle
combined <> karış
combined <> karma
combined <> kombi
combinedly <> birle
combiner <> birle
combiners <> birle
combines <> birle
combing <> taram
combings <> taram
combining <> birle
combis <> kombi
combo <> karış
combo <> karma
combo <> kombo
combo <> yerli
combs <> tarak
combust <> yanma
combusted <> yakıl
combustibility <> tutuş
combustibility <> yanar
combustible <> tutuş
combustible <> yakıt
combustible <> yanıc
combustion <> tutuş
combustion <> yanma
combustions <> yakma
combustive <> yanıc
combustor <> yanma
combustors <> yanma
comby <> Kombi
come <> çabuk
come <> bel
come <> buyur
come <> deme
come <> görün
come <> gelme
come <> hadi
come <> ileri
come <> meni
come <> orgaz
come <> sperm
come <> tatmi
come <> tavır
come <> ulaşm
comeback <> dönüş
comeback <> eski
comeback <> hazır
comeback <> yenid
comeback <> yerin
comebacks <> Comeb
comed <> zaman
comedian <> komed
comedian <> komik
comedians <> komed
comedic <> komed
comedienne <> kadın
comedies <> komed
comedones <> komed
comedown <> düşüş
comedown <> geril
comedown <> hayal
comedy <> güldü
comedy <> komed
comedy <> komik
comeliness <> çekic
comeliness <> alıml
comeliness <> güzel
comeliness <> uygun
comely <> çekic
comely <> alıml
comely <> güzel
comely <> uygun
comely <> yakış
comer <> gelec
comer <> gelen
comers <> gelen
comes <> geliy
comestible <> yenil
comestibles <> gıda
comestibles <> yiyec
comet <> kuyru
cometh <> çıkar
comets <> kuyru
comeuppance <> hak
comeuppance <> hak 
comfit <> bonbo
comfit <> fındı
comfort <> avunt
comfort <> avutm
comfort <> cesar
comfort <> ferah
comfort <> huzur
comfort <> konfo
comfort <> memnu
comfort <> rahat
comfort <> refah
comfort <> tesel
comfort <> yardı
comfort <> yatış
comfortability <> rahat
comfortable <> iyi
comfortable <> konfo
comfortable <> rahat
comfortable <> sakin
comfortable <> tatmi
comfortably <> rahat
comforted <> tesel
comforter <> avuta
comforter <> emzik
comforter <> rahat
comforter <> yün 
comforter <> yorga
comforters <> yorga
comforting <> avutu
comforting <> rahat
comforting <> tesel
comfortless <> huzur
comfortless <> kasve
comfortless <> konfo
comfortless <> rahat
comforts <> konfo
comfrey <> eşekk
comfrey <> karak
comfy <> konfo
comfy <> rahat
comic <> gülün
comic <> karik
comic <> komed
comic <> komik
comic <> mizah
comical <> acayi
comical <> garip
comical <> komik
comical <> tuhaf
comically <> acayi
comically <> gülün
comically <> garip
comically <> komed
comically <> komik
comics <> çizgi
coming <> gelec
coming <> gelen
coming <> geliş
coming <> gelme
coming <> varış
coming <> yakla
comities <> komis
comity <> kibar
comity <> nezak
comma <> virgü
command <> buyru
command <> buyur
command <> emir
command <> emret
command <> güç
command <> genel
command <> hüküm
command <> hükme
command <> hakim
command <> komut
command <> kontr
command <> kuman
command <> kuvve
command <> telki
command <> teped
command <> yönet
command <> yetki
commandant <> komut
commandant <> kuman
commandants <> komut
commanded <> buyur
commandeer <> asker
commandeer <> benim
commandeer <> el 
commandeer <> kendi
commandeered <> komut
commandeering <> kontr
commander <> şef
commander <> amir
commander <> komut
commander <> kuman
commander <> tarik
commanderies <> Komut
commanders <> komut
commandership <> Komut
commandery <> kuman
commanding <> birin
commanding <> emred
commanding <> etkil
commanding <> hükme
commanding <> hakim
commanding <> mükem
commanding <> saygı
commandingly <> amira
commandment <> Allah
commandment <> buyru
commandment <> emir
commandments <> emir
commando <> koman
commandoes <> koman
commandos <> koman
commands <> komut
commas <> virgü
commemorate <> anmak
commemorate <> hatır
commemorate <> kutla
commemorated <> anıld
commemorates <> anısı
commemorating <> anma
commemoration <> anma
commemoration <> kutla
commemorations <> anma
commemorative <> hatır
commemorative <> yadig
commence <> başla
commence <> dava
commence <> dokto
commence <> yükse
commenced <> başla
commencement <> başla
commencement <> diplo
commences <> başla
commencing <> başla
commend <> övmek
commend <> emane
commend <> methe
commend <> saygı
commend <> tavsi
commendable <> övülm
commendable <> övgüy
commendable <> tavsi
commendation <> övgü
commendation <> salık
commendation <> takdi
commendation <> tavsi
commendations <> övgü
commendatory <> öven
commendatory <> methe
commendatory <> salık
commendatory <> tavsi
commended <> övdü
commending <> övme
commends <> övgüy
commensal <> aynı
commensal <> komen
commensal <> ortak
commensurable <> ölçeğ
commensurable <> aynı
commensurate <> eşit
commensurate <> oranl
commensurate <> orant
commensurate <> uygun
comment <> Yorum
comment <> açıkl
comment <> boş 
comment <> düşün
comment <> değer
comment <> eleşt
comment <> gevez
comment <> yorum
commentaries <> yorum
commentary <> açıkl
commentary <> eleşt
commentary <> tefsi
commentary <> yorum
commentate <> değer
commentate <> yorum
commentator <> eleşt
commentator <> maç 
commentator <> yorum
commentators <> yorum
commented <> yorum
commenter <> yorum
commenting <> yorum
commentors <> Comme
comments <> yorum
commer <> ticar
commerce <> alım
commerce <> cinse
commerce <> iş
commerce <> ilişk
commerce <> ticar
commercial <> kârlı
commercial <> mesle
commercial <> reklâ
commercial <> ticar
commercialisation <> ticar
commercialise <> ticar
commercialised <> ticar
commercialising <> ticar
commercialism <> ticar
commercialization <> ticar
commercialize <> ticar
commercialized <> ticar
commercializes <> pazar
commercializing <> ticar
commercially <> ticar
commercials <> rekla
commie <> komün
commies <> Commi
commination <> göz 
commination <> ikaz
commination <> uyarı
commingle <> karış
commingle <> kayna
comminute <> ezmek
comminute <> parça
comminute <> ufala
comminuted <> ufala
comminution <> parça
comminution <> ufala
commis <> komis
commiserate <> acıma
commiserate <> başsa
commiserate <> keder
commiserate <> merha
commiseration <> acıma
commiseration <> derdi
commiseration <> merha
commissar <> Rusya
commissar <> komis
commissariat <> deste
commissariat <> levaz
commissars <> komis
commissary <> asker
commissary <> büfe
commissary <> deleg
commissary <> komis
commissary <> pisko
commissary <> vekil
commission <> ısmar
commission <> aracı
commission <> atama
commission <> görev
commission <> heyet
commission <> komis
commission <> komit
commission <> kurul
commission <> sipar
commission <> talim
commission <> tayin
commission <> terfi
commission <> vazif
commission <> yetki
commissionable <> komis
commissionaire <> kapıc
commissionaire <> temsi
commissioned <> yetki
commissioner <> deleg
commissioner <> komis
commissioner <> vekil
commissioner <> yargı
commissioner <> yetki
commissioners <> komis
commissioning <> Devre
commissions <> Komis
commissure <> birle
commissure <> ek 
commissures <> komis
commissurotomy <> komis
commit <> önerm
commit <> adama
commit <> emane
commit <> işlem
commit <> komis
commit <> söz 
commit <> suç 
commit <> tesli
commit <> vâât
commitment <> bağla
commitment <> hapis
commitment <> söz
commitment <> suç 
commitment <> taahh
commitment <> tesli
commitment <> vâât
commitments <> taahh
commits <> taahh
committal <> hapse
committal <> söz
committal <> sevke
committal <> suç 
committal <> taahh
committal <> tesli
committed <> taahh
committee <> heyet
committee <> komis
committee <> komit
committee <> kurul
committeemen <> komit
committees <> komit
committing <> taahh
commix <> karış
commixture <> karış
commodation <> ihtiy
commodatum <> Ariye
commode <> çekme
commode <> şifon
commode <> komod
commode <> otura
commodes <> komid
commodification <> metal
commodified <> METAL
commodify <> metal
commodious <> ferah
commodious <> geniş
commodiously <> ferah
commodiously <> geniş
commodities <> mal
commodity <> eşya
commodity <> emtia
commodity <> hamma
commodity <> mal
commodore <> amira
commodore <> en 
commodore <> komod
commodores <> Commo
common <> adi
common <> alışı
common <> alelâ
common <> bayağ
common <> bilin
common <> genel
common <> halka
common <> kaba
common <> müşte
common <> meyda
common <> olağa
common <> ortak
common <> park
common <> sırad
common <> yaygı
commonalities <> ortak
commonality <> ortak
commonalties <> ortak
commoner <> genel
commoner <> halkt
commoners <> halk
commonest <> yaygı
commonly <> çoğun
commonly <> alelâ
commonly <> bayağ
commonly <> müşte
commonly <> ortak
commonly <> sırad
commonness <> çoklu
commonness <> adili
commonness <> bayağ
commonness <> bol 
commonness <> sırad
commonplace <> adi
commonplace <> alelâ
commonplace <> basma
commonplace <> bayağ
commonplace <> beyli
commonplace <> klişe
commonplace <> olağa
commonplace <> sık 
commonplace <> sırad
commons <> asil
commons <> avam
commons <> halk
commons <> payla
commonsense <> sağdu
commonweal <> devle
commonweal <> kamu
commonweal <> ulus
commonwealth <> Mille
commonwealth <> devle
commonwealth <> eyale
commonwealth <> kamu
commonwealth <> ulus
commotio <> kontü
commotion <> ayakl
commotion <> heyec
commotion <> karış
commotion <> karga
commotion <> koşuş
commotion <> telaş
communal <> halkı
communal <> halk
communal <> müşte
communal <> toplu
communal <> umumi
communalism <> eyale
communalize <> toplu
communalize <> yöres
communally <> komün
communard <> komün
communards <> Commu
commune <> komün
commune <> söyle
commune <> senli
commune <> sohbe
commune <> yerel
communes <> komün
communicability <> Bulaş
communicable <> bulaş
communicable <> ifade
communicable <> ileti
communicable <> söyle
communicant <> bilgi
communicant <> ele 
communicant <> komün
communicate <> anlat
communicate <> bağla
communicate <> bildi
communicate <> birbi
communicate <> bulaş
communicate <> dertl
communicate <> geçir
communicate <> haber
communicate <> içini
communicate <> ileti
communicate <> nakle
communicate <> temas
communicated <> tebli
communicates <> ileti
communicating <> ileti
communication <> bağla
communication <> haber
communication <> ileti
communication <> irtib
communication <> komin
communication <> mesaj
communication <> nakle
communication <> tebli
communication <> temas
communication <> ulaşı
communication <> yayma
communicational <> ileti
communications <> ileti
communicative <> açık
communicative <> boşbo
communicative <> ileti
communicative <> konuş
communicative <> söyle
communicatively <> ileti
communicator <> ileti
communicator <> konuş
communicator <> sinyâ
communicators <> ileti
communion <> aynı
communion <> birli
communion <> cemaa
communion <> duygu
communion <> komün
communion <> payla
communique <> bildi
communique <> duyur
communique <> tebli
communiques <> tebli
communism <> komün
communisms <> komün
communist <> komün
communist <> solcu
communistic <> komün
communists <> komün
communitarian <> cemaa
communitarianism <> toplu
communities <> toplu
community <> benze
community <> cemaa
community <> cemiy
community <> müşte
community <> ortak
community <> toplu
communization <> ileti
communize <> herke
communize <> komün
commutable <> dönüş
commutable <> değiş
commutable <> hafif
commutate <> düz 
commutate <> yönün
commutated <> komüt
commutation <> akım
commutation <> değiş
commutation <> hafif
commutation <> kısa
commutative <> değiş
commutative <> degiş
commutativity <> komut
commutator <> çevir
commutator <> komüt
commutators <> Komüt
commute <> çevir
commute <> değiş
commute <> evle
commute <> hafif
commute <> takas
commuted <> çevri
commuter <> akım
commuter <> banli
commutes <> Hafif
comonomer <> komon
comonomers <> KOMON
comorbidities <> komor
comorbidity <> komor
comoros <> Komor
compact <> öz
compact <> özlü
compact <> anlaş
compact <> küçük
compact <> kısa
compact <> kompa
compact <> pudra
compact <> sözle
compact <> sıkış
compact <> sıkı
compact <> sıkıl
compact <> yoğun
compacta <> compa
compacted <> sıkış
compacter <> kompa
compactible <> Reset
compactification <> tıkız
compactifications <> Kompa
compacting <> sıkış
compaction <> kompa
compactions <> Sıkış
compactly <> kompa
compactness <> etkil
compactness <> sıklı
compactness <> yoğun
compactor <> kompa
compactors <> silin
compacts <> table
companies <> Firma
companion <> ahbap
companion <> ait 
companion <> arkad
companion <> bakıc
companion <> eş
companion <> eşlik
companion <> el 
companion <> güver
companion <> ilgil
companion <> kaval
companion <> mensu
companion <> refak
companion <> yolda
companionable <> arkad
companionable <> canda
companionable <> giriş
companionable <> samim
companionate <> arkad
companions <> yolda
companionship <> arkad
companionship <> eşlik
companionship <> refak
companionship <> yolda
companionway <> bakıc
company <> şirke
company <> arkad
company <> bölük
company <> birli
company <> eşlik
company <> misaf
company <> ortak
company <> tayfa
company <> topla
company <> toplu
companywide <> Şirke
comparability <> karşı
comparable <> kıyas
comparable <> karşı
comparably <> karşı
comparation <> Karşı
comparative <> üstün
comparative <> kıyas
comparative <> karşı
comparative <> orant
comparative <> uygun
comparatively <> nispe
comparatively <> orant
comparatives <> karşı
comparator <> karşı
comparators <> karşı
compare <> üstün
compare <> benze
compare <> kıyas
compare <> karşı
compared <> göre
compares <> karşı
comparing <> kıyas
comparing <> karşı
comparison <> üstün
comparison <> benze
comparison <> kıyas
comparison <> karşı
comparison <> mukay
comparisoned <> karşı
comparisons <> karşı
compart <> kompa
compartment <> bölüm
compartment <> bölme
compartment <> göz
compartment <> kısım
compartment <> kompa
compartmental <> kompa
compartmentalisation <> Bölüm
compartmentalised <> bölüm
compartmentalization <> bölme
compartmentalize <> bölüm
compartmentalized <> bölüm
compartments <> bölme
compass <> çevre
compass <> alan
compass <> anlam
compass <> başar
compass <> erişm
compass <> erim
compass <> gizli
compass <> kapsa
compass <> kavra
compass <> kuşat
compass <> menzi
compass <> pusul
compass <> sınır
compass <> sarma
compassed <> orans
compasses <> perge
compassion <> şefkâ
compassion <> acıma
compassion <> merha
compassion <> sevec
compassion <> sevgi
compassionate <> şefkâ
compassionate <> merha
compassionate <> sevec
compassionately <> merha
compassions <> Merha
compatability <> bağda
compatability <> uygun
compatability <> uyuml
compatable <> bağda
compatable <> geçim
compatable <> uygun
compatable <> uyuml
compatibilities <> uyuml
compatibility <> bağda
compatibility <> uygun
compatibility <> uyuml
compatible <> bağda
compatible <> geçim
compatible <> uygun
compatible <> uyuml
compatriot <> vatan
compatriot <> yurtt
compatriots <> yurtt
compeer <> akran
compeer <> arkad
compeer <> eş
compel <> mecbu
compel <> zorla
compel <> zorun
compelled <> mecbu
compelling <> ilgi
compelling <> saygı
compelling <> zorla
compellingly <> zorla
compels <> zorla
compendious <> öz
compendious <> özet
compendious <> kısa
compendium <> özet
compendium <> incel
compendium <> kısal
compensable <> telaf
compensate <> denkl
compensate <> eşitl
compensate <> karşı
compensate <> tazmi
compensate <> telâf
compensate <> yerin
compensated <> telaf
compensates <> denge
compensating <> telaf
compensation <> ödün
compensation <> bedel
compensation <> karşı
compensation <> maaş
compensation <> taviz
compensation <> tazmi
compensation <> telâf
compensations <> tazmi
compensative <> telâf
compensator <> düzen
compensator <> denkl
compensators <> kompa
compensatory <> telâf
compere <> eğlen
compere <> sunuc
compered <> karşı
compete <> çekiş
compete <> mücâd
compete <> rekab
compete <> yarış
competed <> yarış
competence <> ehliy
competence <> geçin
competence <> yeten
competence <> yeter
competence <> yetki
competences <> yeter
competencies <> yetki
competency <> ehliy
competency <> geçin
competency <> yeten
competency <> yeter
competency <> yetki
competent <> ehil
competent <> yasal
competent <> yeten
competent <> yeter
competent <> yetki
competently <> yetki
competes <> rekab
competing <> rakip
competition <> çekiş
competition <> rekab
competition <> yarış
competitions <> yarış
competitive <> hırsl
competitive <> rakip
competitive <> rekab
competitive <> yarış
competitively <> rekab
competitiveness <> rekab
competitor <> rakip
competitor <> yarış
competitors <> rakip
compilable <> Derle
compilation <> derle
compilations <> derle
compile <> derle
compile <> sıral
compile <> telif
compile <> topla
compiled <> derle
compiler <> derle
compilers <> derle
compiles <> derle
compiling <> derle
complacence <> gönül
complacence <> halin
complacence <> memnu
complacency <> gönül
complacency <> halin
complacency <> memnu
complacent <> boşve
complacent <> halin
complacent <> ilgis
complacent <> rahat
complain <> şikây
complain <> şikay
complain <> dava
complain <> ihbar
complain <> söyle
complain <> sızla
complain <> yakın
complainant <> şikây
complainant <> davac
complainants <> Şikay
complained <> şikay
complainers <> yakın
complaining <> söyle
complaining <> sızla
complaining <> yakın
complainings <> yakın
complains <> şikay
complaint <> şikây
complaint <> ağlay
complaint <> dert
complaint <> iftir
complaint <> rahat
complaint <> sitem
complaint <> suçla
complaint <> yakın
complaints <> şikay
complaisance <> göz 
complaisance <> hoşgö
complaisance <> lütuf
complaisance <> nezak
complaisance <> toler
complaisant <> hoşgö
complaisant <> müsam
complaisant <> nazik
compleat <> Compl
complement <> bütün
complement <> tümle
complement <> tam 
complement <> tamam
complement <> tamlı
complemental <> tümle
complemental <> tamam
complementarily <> tamam
complementariness <> tamam
complementarities <> tamam
complementarity <> tamam
complementary <> bütün
complementary <> tümle
complementary <> tamam
complementation <> tamam
complementations <> kompl
complemented <> tamam
complementing <> tamam
complements <> tamam
complete <> bütün
complete <> bitir
complete <> doldu
complete <> eksik
complete <> iyice
complete <> mükem
complete <> tam
complete <> tamam
complete <> uygul
complete <> yerin
completed <> tamam
completed <> tarih
completely <> bütün
completely <> düped
completely <> iyice
completely <> tam 
completely <> tamam
completeness <> bütün
completeness <> tamlı
completers <> tamam
completes <> tamam
completing <> tamam
completion <> bitir
completion <> ikmal
completion <> tamam
completions <> tamam
complex <> bileş
complex <> blok
complex <> karış
complex <> karma
complex <> kompl
complex <> site
complexation <> kompl
complexed <> kompl
complexes <> kompl
complexification <> kompl
complexing <> kompl
complexion <> cilt
complexion <> görün
complexion <> gidiş
complexion <> renk
complexion <> ten 
complexion <> yön
complexities <> karma
complexity <> güçlü
complexity <> karış
complexity <> karma
complexity <> zorlu
complexness <> kompl
complexometric <> kompl
complexometry <> kompl
compliable <> kolay
compliance <> itaat
compliance <> rıza
compliance <> uyma
compliance <> uysal
compliance <> uyum
compliances <> uyuml
compliancy <> uygun
compliant <> itaat
compliant <> uysal
compliant <> uyuml
compliant <> yumuş
compliantly <> uysal
compliantly <> yumuş
complicacy <> güçlü
complicacy <> karma
complicate <> güçle
complicate <> içind
complicate <> karış
complicate <> zorla
complicated <> çapra
complicated <> çetre
complicated <> anlaş
complicated <> dallı
complicated <> karış
complicated <> karma
complicated <> kompl
complicates <> kompl
complicating <> kompl
complication <> hasta
complication <> karış
complication <> karma
complication <> kompl
complication <> zorlu
complications <> kompl
complice <> Compl
complicit <> suç
complicity <> suç
complicity <> suç 
complicity <> yarda
complied <> uyulm
complier <> derle
complies <> uygun
compliment <> övgü
compliment <> övmek
compliment <> hayra
compliment <> iltif
compliment <> iyi 
compliment <> kompl
compliment <> saygı
complimentary <> övgü
complimentary <> ücret
complimentary <> fahri
complimentary <> hayra
complimentary <> hediy
complimentary <> kompl
complimentary <> onurs
complimentary <> paras
complimented <> iltif
complimenting <> övgü
compliments <> övgü
complot <> kompl
complot <> suikâ
complot <> tuzak
comply <> boyun
comply <> razı
comply <> uymak
complying <> uygun
compo <> alçı
compo <> bileş
compo <> kompo
compo <> sıva
component <> öğe
component <> bileş
component <> elema
component <> parça
component <> tamam
componential <> bileş
components <> bileş
comport <> bağda
comport <> uymak
comport <> yakış
compos <> denge
compose <> şiir
compose <> arabu
compose <> beste
compose <> düzen
compose <> eser
compose <> meyda
compose <> oluşt
compose <> topar
compose <> yarat
compose <> yatış
compose <> yazma
composed <> kendi
composed <> oluşa
composed <> sakin
composedly <> kendi
composedly <> sakin
composedness <> sakin
composer <> beste
composer <> kompo
composer <> yarat
composer <> yazar
composers <> beste
composes <> oluşt
composeth <> beste
composing <> beste
composing <> dizgi
composing <> rahat
composing <> yatış
composite <> alaşı
composite <> bileş
composite <> karış
composite <> karma
compositeness <> kompo
composites <> kompo
compositing <> kompo
composition <> anlaş
composition <> beste
composition <> bileş
composition <> derle
composition <> dizgi
composition <> eserd
composition <> kompo
composition <> nitel
composition <> terti
composition <> yapı
composition <> yapıt
compositional <> kompo
compositionality <> Compo
compositionally <> Jeoki
compositions <> kompo
compositor <> dizgi
compositors <> dizgi
compost <> bitki
compost <> gübre
compost <> kompo
compost <> organ
composted <> kompo
composting <> kompo
composts <> kompo
composure <> dingi
composure <> huzur
composure <> rahat
composure <> sakin
compote <> hoşaf
compote <> kompo
compotes <> kompo
compotier <> Compo
compound <> çözme
compound <> örtba
compound <> ağıl
compound <> alaşı
compound <> anlaş
compound <> artır
compound <> bileş
compound <> birle
compound <> duvar
compound <> halle
compound <> karış
compound <> mandı
compound <> takip
compound <> taksi
compound <> uzlaş
compounded <> bileş
compounding <> Bileş
compounds <> bileş
comprador <> kompr
compradors <> kompr
comprehend <> algıl
comprehend <> anlam
comprehend <> idrak
comprehend <> ihtiv
comprehend <> kapsa
comprehend <> kavra
comprehended <> kavra
comprehendible <> anlaş
comprehending <> kavra
comprehends <> kavra
comprehensibility <> anlaş
comprehensible <> anlaş
comprehensible <> kavra
comprehensible <> makul
comprehensibly <> anlaş
comprehension <> akıl
comprehension <> anlam
comprehension <> anlay
comprehension <> idrak
comprehension <> kapsa
comprehension <> kavra
comprehensive <> anlay
comprehensive <> etraf
comprehensive <> geniş
comprehensive <> idrak
comprehensive <> kapsa
comprehensive <> mesle
comprehensively <> kapsa
comprehensiveness <> etraf
comprehensiveness <> kapsa
compress <> özetl
compress <> bastı
compress <> kısal
compress <> kompr
compress <> sıkış
compressed <> basın
compressed <> sıkış
compresses <> sıkış
compressibility <> sıkış
compressible <> bastı
compressible <> sıkış
compressing <> özet
compressing <> kısal
compressing <> sıkış
compression <> özetl
compression <> basın
compression <> bastı
compression <> kısal
compression <> kompr
compression <> sıkış
compression <> tazyi
compressional <> sıkış
compressions <> kompr
compressive <> basın
compressive <> baskı
compressive <> sıkış
compressor <> ıslak
compressor <> büzge
compressor <> daire
compressor <> kompr
compressor <> sıvı
compressors <> kompr
comprise <> içerm
comprise <> içine
comprise <> ihtiv
comprise <> kapsa
comprise <> oluşm
comprise <> oluşt
comprised <> oluşa
comprises <> ağırl
comprising <> oluşa
compromise <> ödün
compromise <> anlaş
compromise <> ara 
compromise <> gölge
compromise <> riske
compromise <> taviz
compromise <> uyuşm
compromise <> uzlaş
compromised <> tehli
compromises <> uzlaş
compromising <> ödün
comps <> kompo
comptroller <> denet
comptroller <> kontr
comptroller <> sayma
comptrollers <> Kontr
compulse <> zorla
compulsion <> baskı
compulsion <> dürtü
compulsion <> mecbu
compulsion <> yüküm
compulsion <> zorla
compulsions <> kompu
compulsive <> dürtü
compulsive <> kompu
compulsive <> zorla
compulsively <> dürtü
compulsively <> zorla
compulsiveness <> kompu
compulsivity <> kompu
compulsories <> bulun
compulsorily <> mecbu
compulsory <> mecbu
compulsory <> zorla
compulsory <> zorun
compunction <> esef
compunction <> pişma
compunction <> vicda
compurgation <> tanık
computability <> Hesap
computable <> hesap
computation <> hesap
computational <> hesap
computationally <> hesap
computations <> hesap
compute <> bilgi
compute <> hesap
computed <> bilgi
computer <> bilgi
computer <> elekt
computerese <> delis
computerisation <> bilgi
computerise <> bilgi
computerised <> bilgi
computerising <> bilgi
computerization <> bilgi
computerize <> bilgi
computerized <> bilgi
computers <> bilgi
computes <> hesap
computing <> bilgi
comrade <> arkad
comrade <> dost
comrade <> yolda
comradely <> arkad
comradely <> dostç
comrades <> yolda
comradeship <> arkad
coms <> Kom
comtes <> Comte
con <> aleyh
con <> con
con <> dümen
con <> dikka
con <> dolan
con <> dubar
con <> gemi
con <> hilek
con <> incel
con <> kandı
con <> karşı
con <> mahku
con <> suçlu
con <> yuttu
conation <> çabal
conation <> arzu
conation <> gayre
conative <> çaba
conative <> gayre
concanavalin <> Conca
concatenate <> bağla
concatenate <> sıral
concatenated <> Zinci
concatenates <> birle
concatenating <> birle
concatenation <> birbi
concatenation <> birle
concatenations <> bitiş
concave <> çukur
concave <> ıraks
concave <> içbük
concave <> konka
concavity <> çukur
concavity <> içbük
conceal <> örtba
conceal <> örtme
conceal <> gizle
conceal <> sakla
concealable <> gizle
concealed <> gizle
concealed <> gizli
concealer <> kapat
concealers <> Kapat
concealing <> gizle
concealment <> gizle
concealment <> sır 
concealment <> sakla
conceals <> gizle
concede <> ödün
concede <> kabul
concede <> uygun
conceded <> kabul
concededly <> kabul
concedes <> kabul
conceding <> ödün
conceit <> şımar
conceit <> düşün
conceit <> fikir
conceit <> kendi
conceit <> kibir
conceit <> kurum
conceited <> gurur
conceited <> kendi
conceited <> kibir
conceited <> mağru
conceits <> beğen
conceivable <> akla
conceivable <> düşün
conceivable <> kavra
conceivable <> makul
conceivably <> makul
conceive <> aklı
conceive <> anlam
conceive <> düşün
conceive <> gebe
conceive <> ifade
conceive <> kavra
conceive <> ortay
conceive <> tasav
conceive <> yarat
conceive <> yazma
conceived <> tasar
conceives <> gebe
conceiving <> hamil
concent <> konsa
concentrate <> dikka
concentrate <> konsa
concentrate <> topla
concentrate <> yoğun
concentrated <> konsa
concentrated <> yoğun
concentrates <> konsa
concentrating <> konsa
concentration <> konsa
concentration <> topla
concentration <> yoğun
concentrations <> konsa
concentrator <> konsa
concentrators <> konsa
concentre <> Konsa
concentres <> Conce
concentric <> merke
concentric <> ortak
concentrically <> aynı
concentricity <> konsa
concentus <> Conce
concept <> fikir
concept <> görüş
concept <> hayal
concept <> kavra
concept <> mefhu
concept <> tasav
conception <> anlay
conception <> fikir
conception <> gebe
conception <> kavra
conceptional <> kavra
conceptions <> kavra
conceptive <> gebel
conceptive <> kavra
concepts <> kavra
conceptual <> anlay
conceptual <> kavra
conceptualisation <> kavra
conceptualised <> kavra
conceptualising <> kavra
conceptualist <> kavra
conceptualization <> kavra
conceptualizations <> kavra
conceptualize <> kavra
conceptualized <> kavra
conceptualizes <> kavra
conceptualizing <> kavra
conceptually <> kavra
concern <> şey
concern <> şirke
concern <> ait 
concern <> alâka
concern <> bağla
concern <> endiş
concern <> etkil
concern <> iş
concern <> ilgi
concern <> ilgil
concern <> ilişk
concern <> irtib
concern <> karış
concern <> kaygı
concern <> kurul
concern <> merak
concern <> pay
concern <> tasa
concern <> umur
concerned <> endiş
concerned <> ilgil
concerned <> kaygı
concerned <> meşgu
concerning <> ait
concerning <> dair
concerning <> hakkı
concerning <> ilgil
concerning <> ilişk
concerning <> konus
concernment <> endiş
concerns <> endiş
concert <> ahenk
concert <> anlaş
concert <> birli
concert <> elbir
concert <> karar
concert <> konse
concert <> planl
concert <> ses 
concert <> uyum
concertante <> Konçe
concertation <> içeri
concerted <> düzen
concerted <> karar
concerted <> toplu
concerted <> uyarl
concertgoer <> konse
concerti <> Conce
concertina <> akerd
concertino <> Conce
concertizing <> konse
concertmaster <> Konze
concerto <> konçe
concertos <> konçe
concerts <> konse
concession <> ödün
concession <> ayrıc
concession <> imtiy
concession <> izin
concession <> kabul
concession <> ruhsa
concession <> taviz
concession <> tesli
concessionaire <> ayrıc
concessionaires <> imtiy
concessional <> imtiy
concessionary <> imtiy
concessions <> imtiy
concessive <> kabul
concetto <> Conce
conch <> deniz
conch <> kabuk
conch <> yumuş
concha <> kulak
concha <> yarım
conchae <> konka
conchal <> konka
conches <> borul
conchoidal <> konko
conchy <> asker
conchy <> inanç
concierge <> kapıc
concierges <> Konsi
conciliar <> konse
conciliate <> barış
conciliate <> dostl
conciliate <> gönlü
conciliate <> uzlaş
conciliate <> yatış
conciliating <> şimdi
conciliation <> ödeme
conciliation <> barış
conciliation <> sakin
conciliation <> uzlaş
conciliation <> yatış
conciliative <> uzlaş
conciliator <> arabu
conciliator <> barış
conciliatory <> gönül
conciliatory <> uzlaş
conciliatory <> yatış
concinnity <> ahenk
concinnity <> tutar
concinnity <> uyum
concise <> özlü
concise <> kısa
concise <> veciz
concisely <> kısac
conciseness <> özlül
conciseness <> kısal
conclave <> özel
conclave <> kardi
conclave <> oturu
conclude <> anlaş
conclude <> bitir
conclude <> bitme
conclude <> karar
conclude <> sonuç
concluded <> Sonuç
concludes <> bitir
concluding <> sonuç
conclusion <> hüküm
conclusion <> kanı
conclusion <> karar
conclusion <> netic
conclusion <> son
conclusion <> sonuç
conclusions <> sonuç
conclusive <> inand
conclusive <> kati
conclusive <> kesin
conclusive <> son
conclusively <> kesin
conclusiveness <> inand
conclusiveness <> kesin
concoct <> hazır
concoct <> karış
concoct <> uydur
concocted <> uydur
concoction <> karış
concoction <> uydur
concomitance <> berab
concomitance <> eşlik
concomitant <> berab
concomitant <> doğal
concomitant <> eşlik
concomitant <> olaca
concomitantly <> Eş
concord <> anlaş
concord <> armon
concord <> barış
concord <> hızlı
concord <> harmo
concord <> uygun
concord <> uyum
concordance <> ahenk
concordance <> dizin
concordance <> uyum
concordant <> ahenk
concordant <> uygun
concordant <> uyuml
concordantly <> konko
concordat <> antla
concordat <> kilis
concourse <> açık
concourse <> izdih
concourse <> kalab
concourse <> park
concourse <> termi
concourse <> topla
concourses <> korid
concreate <> Beton
concrescence <> berab
concrescence <> birle
concrete <> bütün
concrete <> beton
concrete <> elle
concrete <> gerçe
concrete <> katıl
concrete <> madde
concrete <> maddi
concrete <> somut
concreted <> beton
concretely <> somut
concreteness <> somut
concretes <> beton
concreting <> beton
concretion <> şiş
concretion <> bütün
concretion <> birle
concretion <> katıl
concretion <> taş
concretion <> yumru
concretions <> konkr
concretise <> somut
concretization <> somut
concretize <> belir
concretize <> kesin
concretize <> somut
concretized <> belir
concretizing <> somut
concubinage <> birli
concubinage <> cariy
concubinage <> metre
concubinage <> nikâh
concubine <> cariy
concubine <> metre
concubine <> nikâh
concubine <> sevgi
concubines <> cariy
concupiscence <> şehve
concupiscence <> cinse
concupiscent <> şehve
concur <> aynı
concur <> elbir
concur <> hemfi
concur <> kesiş
concur <> rastl
concur <> uyuşm
concurred <> aynı
concurrence <> elbir
concurrence <> fikir
concurrence <> kesiş
concurrence <> rastl
concurrence <> uyuşm
concurrence <> zaman
concurrency <> eşzam
concurrent <> Eşzam
concurrent <> aynı
concurrent <> birle
concurrent <> eşzam
concurrent <> kesiş
concurrent <> uyuşa
concurrent <> yardı
concurrently <> aynı
concurring <> mutab
concurs <> aynı
concuss <> baskı
concuss <> sarsm
concussion <> şok
concussion <> beyin
concussion <> darbe
concussion <> sarsı
concussion <> sarsm
concussional <> Beyin
concussions <> Beyin
concussive <> Kafa
condemn <> çarpt
condemn <> ayıpl
condemn <> el 
condemn <> hüküm
condemn <> istim
condemn <> kınam
condemn <> kamul
condemn <> mahku
condemn <> suçla
condemnable <> istim
condemnable <> kınan
condemnable <> mahku
condemnation <> ayıpl
condemnation <> istim
condemnation <> kınam
condemnation <> kanun
condemnation <> mahku
condemnation <> suçla
condemnations <> kınam
condemnatory <> kınay
condemned <> hüküm
condemned <> kınad
condemning <> kınay
condemns <> kınad
condensable <> yoğun
condensate <> konde
condensated <> yoğun
condensating <> yoğun
condensation <> özet
condensation <> buğu
condensation <> gazda
condensation <> kümel
condensation <> kısal
condensation <> yığma
condensation <> yoğun
condensations <> Konda
condensators <> konda
condense <> koyul
condense <> sıvı
condense <> yoğun
condensed <> konde
condenser <> konda
condenser <> merce
condensers <> konda
condenses <> yoğuş
condensing <> Yoğuş
conder <> Conde
condescend <> küçüm
condescend <> lütfe
condescend <> tenez
condescending <> hor 
condescending <> küçüm
condescending <> lütfe
condescending <> tenez
condescendingly <> küçüm
condescendingly <> lütuf
condescendingly <> tenez
condescends <> tenez
condescension <> lütfe
condescension <> lütuf
condescension <> tenez
condign <> hak
condign <> layık
condign <> yerin
condiment <> bahar
condiment <> sos
condiment <> yemeğ
condiments <> çeşni
condition <> şart
condition <> şarta
condition <> alışt
condition <> alem
condition <> bütün
condition <> belir
condition <> denem
condition <> durum
condition <> eğitm
condition <> form
condition <> forma
condition <> hal
condition <> ikmal
condition <> kayıt
condition <> koşul
condition <> kondi
condition <> meden
condition <> mevki
condition <> progr
conditional <> şartl
conditional <> bağlı
conditional <> koşul
conditionality <> koşul
conditionally <> şartl
conditioned <> şarta
conditioned <> şartl
conditioned <> uygun
conditioner <> saç
conditioners <> klima
conditioning <> Klima
conditionings <> şartl
conditions <> şartl
conditions <> durum
conditions <> koşul
condo <> kat 
condo <> konut
condo <> mülk
condolatory <> başsa
condole <> acısı
condole <> başsa
condolence <> başağ
condolence <> başsa
condolence <> taziy
condolences <> başsa
condom <> kaput
condom <> preze
condominium <> ülke
condominium <> birka
condominium <> kat
condominium <> kat 
condominiums <> Condo
condoms <> preze
condonation <> göz
condonation <> göz 
condonation <> hoşgö
condonation <> telâf
condone <> örtme
condone <> affet
condone <> göz 
condone <> telaf
condor <> Güney
condors <> Condo
condos <> kınam
conduce <> götür
conduce <> katkı
conduce <> neden
conduced <> vesil
conducing <> yönel
conducive <> elver
conducive <> neden
conducive <> yardı
conduct <> davra
conduct <> geçir
conduct <> gidiş
conduct <> harek
conduct <> idare
conduct <> iletm
conduct <> rehbe
conduct <> yönet
conduct <> yönle
conductance <> iletk
conducted <> yapıl
conductibility <> iletk
conductible <> geçir
conductible <> ilete
conductimetric <> Kondü
conducting <> geçir
conducting <> iletk
conduction <> ileti
conduction <> iletm
conduction <> taşım
conductive <> geçir
conductive <> iletk
conductivities <> iletk
conductivity <> iletk
conductometric <> kondü
conductometry <> kondü
conductor <> bilet
conductor <> idare
conductor <> iletk
conductor <> kılav
conductor <> kondü
conductor <> koro
conductor <> lider
conductor <> orkes
conductor <> parat
conductor <> rehbe
conductors <> iletk
conductress <> kadın
conducts <> yürüt
conduit <> boru
conduit <> kanal
conduit <> nakil
conduit <> oluk
conduit <> suyol
conduits <> kanal
condylar <> kondi
condyle <> kemik
condyle <> kondi
condyles <> kondi
condyloma <> kondi
condylomata <> kondi
cone <> huni
cone <> külah
cone <> koni
cone <> kozal
cone <> volka
coned <> koni
coned <> konik
coneheads <> Coneh
cones <> konil
confab <> hoşbe
confab <> konuş
confab <> sohbe
confabulate <> başba
confabulate <> konuş
confabulate <> sohbe
confabulation <> geçmi
confabulation <> hoşbe
confabulation <> konfa
confabulation <> sohbe
confabulations <> konfa
confection <> şeker
confection <> bonbo
confection <> hazır
confection <> imal
confection <> karış
confection <> konfe
confectionaries <> Şeker
confectionary <> şeker
confectioner <> şeker
confectioner <> pasta
confectioners <> şeker
confectionery <> şeker
confectionery <> pasta
confectionery <> tatlı
confections <> şeker
confederacies <> Konfe
confederacy <> Ameri
confederacy <> birli
confederacy <> devle
confederacy <> kompl
confederal <> konfe
confederate <> birle
confederate <> ittif
confederate <> konfe
confederate <> mütte
confederate <> suç 
confederated <> Konfe
confederates <> Konfe
confederation <> birli
confederation <> devle
confederation <> ittif
confederation <> konfe
confederations <> konfe
confederative <> konfe
confer <> danış
confer <> görüş
confer <> sunma
confer <> verme
conferee <> ödül
conferee <> konfe
conferees <> Konfe
conference <> birli
conference <> görüş
conference <> konfe
conference <> kongr
conference <> lig
conference <> topla
conferences <> konfe
conferencing <> konfe
conferment <> ödüll
conferment <> bahşe
conferment <> verme
conferral <> devri
conferred <> doğan
confess <> günah
confess <> itira
confess <> kabul
confess <> söyle
confessed <> açık
confessed <> itira
confessed <> ortay
confessedly <> itira
confesses <> itira
confessing <> itira
confession <> günah
confession <> ikrar
confession <> itira
confession <> söyle
confessional <> günah
confessional <> itira
confessionals <> Confe
confessions <> itira
confessor <> günah
confessor <> itira
confessor <> tehli
confessors <> itira
confetti <> konfe
confidant <> dert
confidant <> sırda
confidante <> sırda
confide <> emane
confide <> güven
confide <> sır 
confide <> tesli
confided <> sır
confidence <> güven
confidence <> inanç
confidence <> inanm
confidence <> itima
confidence <> kendi
confidence <> sır
confidence <> sırda
confident <> atak
confident <> cüret
confident <> emin
confident <> güven
confident <> inanç
confident <> kendi
confident <> kuşku
confidential <> emin
confidential <> güven
confidential <> gizli
confidential <> mahre
confidentiality <> gizli
confidentially <> güven
confidentially <> gizli
confidentially <> sır 
confidentially <> tered
confidently <> atakl
confidently <> emin
confidently <> güven
confidently <> kendi
confiding <> şüphe
confiding <> güven
configurability <> yapıl
configurable <> yapıl
configurated <> konfi
configuration <> biçim
configuration <> gezeg
configuration <> grupl
configuration <> konum
configuration <> yıldı
configuration <> yapıl
configurational <> konfi
configurations <> konfi
configure <> yapıl
configured <> yapıl
configures <> yapıl
configuring <> yapıl
confine <> hapse
confine <> kapam
confine <> loğus
confine <> sınır
confine <> tutma
confined <> hapse
confined <> kapat
confined <> loğus
confined <> sınır
confinement <> hapis
confinement <> hapse
confinement <> kapat
confinement <> loğus
confinement <> sınır
confines <> sınır
confining <> kısıt
confirm <> doğru
confirm <> kilis
confirm <> kuvve
confirm <> onayl
confirm <> takvi
confirm <> tasdi
confirmability <> tasdi
confirmable <> onayl
confirmable <> tasdi
confirmation <> doğru
confirmation <> ispat
confirmation <> kanıt
confirmation <> kilis
confirmation <> onama
confirmation <> onay
confirmation <> onayl
confirmation <> tasdi
confirmation <> teyit
confirmations <> teyid
confirmative <> doğru
confirmative <> kuvve
confirmative <> onayl
confirmatory <> doğru
confirmatory <> onayl
confirmatory <> sağla
confirmed <> bağım
confirmed <> doğru
confirmed <> müzmi
confirmed <> onayl
confirmed <> tasdi
confirmed <> tirya
confirmed <> yerle
confirming <> onayl
confirms <> teyit
confiscate <> el
confiscate <> hacze
confiscate <> istim
confiscate <> kamul
confiscate <> kanun
confiscated <> müsad
confiscates <> el
confiscating <> müsad
confiscation <> haciz
confiscation <> istim
confiscation <> kamul
confiscations <> müsad
confiscatory <> el 
confiscatory <> haydu
confiscatory <> insaf
confiserie <> Confi
confit <> konfi
conflagrate <> Confl
conflagration <> yangı
conflagratory <> Yangı
conflict <> çarpı
conflict <> çatış
conflict <> çekiş
conflict <> anlaş
conflict <> bağda
conflict <> fikir
conflict <> kavga
conflict <> keşme
conflict <> savaş
conflict <> tutma
conflicted <> çatış
conflicting <> çeliş
conflicting <> aykır
conflicting <> tutar
conflicting <> zıt
confliction <> çatış
conflictions <> çeliş
conflictive <> çatış
conflicts <> çatış
conflictual <> çatış
confluence <> birli
confluence <> izdih
confluence <> kavşa
confluence <> kesiş
confluences <> akışl
confluent <> birbi
confluent <> birle
confluent <> birli
conflux <> birli
conflux <> izdih
conflux <> kavşa
conflux <> kesiş
confocal <> konfo
conform <> alışt
conform <> intib
conform <> uydur
conform <> uymak
conform <> uyuml
conformable <> benze
conformable <> itaat
conformable <> uygun
conformable <> uyuml
conformable <> yerin
conformably <> uyuml
conformal <> konfo
conformance <> uygun
conformance <> uyma
conformance <> uyum
conformances <> uygun
conformant <> uyuml
conformation <> adapt
conformation <> biçim
conformation <> uyarl
conformation <> uygun
conformation <> uyma
conformation <> yapı
conformational <> konfo
conformations <> konfo
conformer <> Biçim
conformers <> konfo
conforming <> Uygun
conformism <> gelen
conformism <> konfo
conformism <> törel
conformist <> kilis
conformist <> toplu
conformist <> uyuml
conformists <> konfo
conformities <> uygun
conformity <> benze
conformity <> kilis
conformity <> uygun
conformity <> uyma
conformity <> uyum
conforms <> uygun
confound <> şaşır
confound <> bozma
confound <> kafas
confound <> kahre
confound <> karış
confound <> utand
confound <> yıkma
confound <> yenme
confounded <> şaşır
confounded <> baş 
confounded <> kafas
confounded <> kahro
confoundedly <> aşırı
confoundedly <> belâ
confounder <> karış
confounders <> karış
confounding <> karış
confounds <> zihni
confraternity <> hayır
confraternity <> karde
confrere <> aynı
confrere <> mesle
confront <> karşı
confront <> yüz 
confront <> yüzle
confrontation <> karşı
confrontation <> yüzle
confrontational <> çatış
confrontations <> yüzle
confronted <> karşı
confronting <> karşı
confronts <> yüzle
confuse <> şaşır
confuse <> afall
confuse <> ayırt
confuse <> bozma
confuse <> farke
confuse <> kafa
confuse <> kafas
confuse <> karış
confuse <> karma
confuse <> serse
confused <> şaşır
confused <> şaşkı
confused <> allak
confused <> kafas
confused <> karış
confused <> karma
confused <> mahçu
confused <> periş
confused <> seçil
confusedly <> allak
confuses <> karış
confusing <> şaşır
confusing <> kafa
confusing <> karış
confusing <> kompl
confusingly <> karış
confusion <> şaşkı
confusion <> birbi
confusion <> bozul
confusion <> karış
confusion <> karga
confusion <> keşme
confusion <> utanm
confusional <> konfü
confusions <> karış
confutable <> çürüt
confutation <> çürüt
confutation <> yalan
confute <> çürüt
confute <> aksin
confute <> sustu
confute <> yalan
cong <> Cong
conga <> konga
congeal <> dondu
congeal <> donma
congeal <> katıl
congeal <> pıhtı
congealed <> pıhtı
congealing <> Katıl
congealment <> dondu
congealment <> donma
congealment <> pıhtı
congelation <> dondu
congelation <> donma
congelation <> donmu
congelation <> pıhtı
congener <> aynı
congener <> türde
congeneric <> aynı
congeneric <> benze
congeneric <> türde
congenerical <> aynı
congenerical <> benze
congenerical <> türde
congenerous <> aynı
congenerous <> benze
congenerous <> türde
congeners <> Petki
congenial <> cana
congenial <> hoş
congenial <> kafa
congenial <> sempa
congenial <> uygun
congenial <> uyuml
congeniality <> benze
congeniality <> cana
congeniality <> uygun
congenita <> konje
congenital <> doğuş
congenital <> yarad
congenitally <> doğuş
congenitally <> yarad
conger <> mığrı
conger <> yılan
congeries <> küme
congeries <> yığın
conges <> konje
congest <> doldu
congest <> dolma
congest <> kalab
congest <> tıkam
congest <> tıkan
congest <> topla
congest <> yığma
congested <> kalab
congested <> kan 
congested <> sıkış
congested <> tıkan
congested <> tıklı
congestion <> izdih
congestion <> kalab
congestion <> kan 
congestion <> sıkış
congestion <> tıkan
congestion <> yoğun
congestions <> trafi
congestive <> konje
congests <> Fetih
conglobate <> küres
conglobate <> top
conglobate <> top 
conglobate <> yuvar
conglomerate <> çakıl
conglomerate <> holdi
conglomerate <> küme
conglomerate <> kümel
conglomerate <> topla
conglomerate <> yığıl
conglomerate <> yığın
conglomerate <> yığma
conglomerated <> kongl
conglomerates <> kongl
conglomeratic <> kongl
conglomeration <> holdi
conglomeration <> küme
conglomeration <> yığın
conglomeration <> yığma
conglomerations <> kümel
conglutinate <> kayna
conglutinate <> yapış
conglutination <> kayna
conglutination <> yapış
congo <> Kongo
congos <> Congo
congrats <> Tebri
congratulate <> kutla
congratulate <> tebri
congratulated <> tebri
congratulates <> tebri
congratulating <> tebri
congratulation <> kutla
congratulation <> tebri
congratulations <> kutla
congratulations <> tebri
congratulatory <> kutla
congratulatory <> tebri
congree <> Kongr
congrees <> kongr
congregate <> birle
congregate <> topla
congregated <> topla
congregation <> cemaa
congregation <> dinse
congregation <> senat
congregation <> topla
congregational <> cemaa
congregationalism <> cemaa
congregationalist <> cemaa
congregations <> cemaa
congresional <> kongr
congress <> kongr
congress <> mecli
congress <> topla
congresses <> kongr
congressional <> kongr
congressman <> kongr
congressman <> mecli
congressman <> mille
congressmen <> Kongr
congresswoman <> Kongr
congruence <> ahenk
congruence <> eşleş
congruence <> uygun
congruence <> uyum
congruences <> kongr
congruent <> ahenk
congruent <> eşleş
congruent <> uygun
congruent <> uyuml
congruential <> benze
congruity <> ahenk
congruity <> eşleş
congruity <> uygun
congruity <> uyum
congruous <> ahenk
congruous <> münas
congruous <> uygun
congruous <> uyuml
coni <> Coni
conic <> koni
conic <> konik
conical <> koni
conical <> konik
conically <> konik
conicals <> Konik
conicity <> koni
conics <> koni
conidia <> Konid
conidiophore <> konid
conifer <> kozal
coniferous <> iğne
coniferous <> kozal
conifers <> iğne
coniferyl <> konif
coniform <> koni
coniform <> konik
conjecturable <> tahmi
conjecturable <> varsa
conjectural <> sanal
conjectural <> tahmi
conjectural <> varsa
conjecture <> kesti
conjecture <> sanma
conjecture <> tahmi
conjecture <> varsa
conjecture <> zanne
conjoin <> bağla
conjoin <> birle
conjoined <> yapış
conjoint <> bağlı
conjoint <> birle
conjoint <> yapış
conjointly <> birle
conjugacy <> eşlen
conjugal <> evlil
conjugate <> çekme
conjugate <> çift
conjugate <> aynı
conjugate <> birle
conjugate <> eşlen
conjugate <> karşı
conjugated <> konju
conjugates <> konju
conjugation <> çekim
conjugation <> birle
conjugation <> fiil
conjugative <> konju
conjunct <> birle
conjunct <> bitiş
conjunct <> ortak
conjunction <> bağla
conjunction <> birle
conjunction <> konjo
conjunction <> rastl
conjunction <> tesad
conjunctions <> bağla
conjunctiva <> göz 
conjunctiva <> konjo
conjunctivae <> konju
conjunctival <> konjo
conjunctivas <> konju
conjunctive <> bağla
conjunctive <> birle
conjunctively <> bağla
conjunctively <> birle
conjunctivitis <> konjo
conjuncts <> Kavuş
conjunctural <> konjo
conjuncture <> şartl
conjuncture <> durum
conjuncture <> konjo
conjuncture <> kriti
conjuncture <> kriz
conjunctures <> konjo
conjuration <> büyüc
conjuration <> hokka
conjuration <> rica
conjuration <> ruh
conjuration <> ruh 
conjuration <> sihir
conjuration <> yalva
conjure <> afsun
conjure <> büyül
conjure <> hokka
conjure <> rica
conjure <> ruh
conjure <> ruh 
conjure <> yalva
conjure <> yolun
conjurer <> afsun
conjurer <> hokka
conjurer <> sihir
conjuring <> sihir
conjuror <> afsun
conjuror <> hokka
conjuror <> sihir
conk <> çalış
conk <> ölmek
conk <> başa
conk <> bayıl
conk <> bozul
conk <> burun
conk <> dalma
conk <> kafa
conker <> atkes
conn <> bağl
conn <> dümen
conn <> idare
conn <> kuman
conn <> sevk
connarite <> Konar
connate <> akrab
connate <> benze
connate <> bitiş
connate <> doğuş
connate <> yakın
connatural <> doğal
connatural <> doğas
connatural <> doğuş
connatural <> tabia
connaught <> Conna
conne <> Conne
connect <> bağla
connect <> birle
connect <> bitiş
connect <> devre
connect <> ileti
connect <> ilgil
connectable <> Bağla
connected <> akrab
connected <> bağlı
connected <> birle
connected <> bitiş
connected <> ilgil
connected <> ilişk
connected <> yakın
connectedness <> bağla
connectible <> bağla
connectin <> BAGLA
connecting <> bağla
connecting <> başla
connection <> akrab
connection <> aktar
connection <> alâka
connection <> alışv
connection <> bağın
connection <> bağ
connection <> bağla
connection <> dost
connection <> ilgi
connection <> ilgil
connection <> ilişk
connection <> irtib
connection <> uyuşt
connection <> yakın
connectionism <> bağla
connectionless <> bağla
connections <> bağla
connective <> bağla
connective <> birle
connectives <> bağla
connectivity <> bağla
connector <> konek
connectors <> konek
connects <> bağla
connellite <> Konel
conner <> Conne
conners <> Conne
connex <> Conne
connexin <> konne
connexion <> akrab
connexion <> bağ
connexion <> bağla
connexion <> dost
connexion <> ilgi
connexion <> ilişk
connexion <> yakın
connexions <> bağla
conniption <> ister
connivance <> göz 
connivance <> hoşgö
connivance <> müsam
connivance <> suç
connivance <> suç 
connive <> görme
connive <> göz 
connive <> hoşgö
connive <> suç 
connoisseur <> ehil
connoisseur <> erbap
connoisseur <> usta
connoisseur <> uzman
connoisseurs <> bilen
connotation <> çağrı
connotation <> diğer
connotations <> çağrı
connotative <> çağrı
connote <> anlam
connote <> demek
connote <> ifade
connoted <> akla
connubial <> evli
connubial <> evlil
connubiality <> evli
connubiality <> evlil
conny <> Conny
conodont <> konod
conodonts <> konod
conoid <> konik
conoscopic <> Konos
conquer <> almak
conquer <> başar
conquer <> elde
conquer <> ele 
conquer <> fethe
conquer <> yenme
conquer <> zafer
conquered <> fethe
conquering <> galip
conquering <> kazan
conqueror <> fatih
conqueror <> fethe
conqueror <> final
conqueror <> kazan
conquerors <> fatih
conquers <> fethe
conquest <> fethe
conquest <> fetih
conquest <> kâlp
conquest <> zafer
conquest <> zapt
conquests <> fetih
conquistadores <> fetih
cons <> eksil
consanguine <> akrab
consanguine <> soyda
consanguineous <> Akrab
consanguinity <> akrab
consanguinity <> soyda
conscience <> inanç
conscience <> vicda
consciences <> vicda
conscientious <> dürüs
conscientious <> hakçı
conscientious <> insaf
conscientious <> vicda
conscientiously <> vicda
conscientiousness <> dürüs
conscientiousness <> vicda
conscious <> bilin
conscious <> farkı
conscious <> inanç
conscious <> kasti
conscious <> uyanı
consciously <> bile
consciously <> bilin
consciously <> kaste
consciousness <> şuur
consciousness <> akıl
consciousness <> bilin
consciousness <> his
consciousness <> idrak
consciousness <> zihin
consciousnesses <> bilin
conscript <> acemi
conscript <> asker
conscript <> zorun
conscripted <> asker
conscription <> asker
conscription <> mecbu
conscription <> savaş
conscription <> varlı
conscription <> zorun
conscripts <> asker
consecrate <> adama
consecrate <> kutsa
consecrate <> takdi
consecrate <> vakfe
consecrated <> takdi
consecration <> adama
consecration <> ithaf
consecration <> kutsa
consecration <> takdi
consecution <> birbi
consecution <> olayl
consecution <> takip
consecution <> uyum
consecutive <> ardış
consecutive <> ardar
consecutive <> birbi
consecutively <> ardış
consecutively <> ardar
consecutively <> birbi
conseil <> CONSE
conseils <> Conse
consensual <> uzlaş
consensus <> fikir
consensus <> organ
consensus <> ortak
consensus <> oybir
consent <> izin
consent <> kabul
consent <> rıza
consent <> razı
consent <> uygun
consented <> razı
consentient <> kabul
consentient <> razı
consentient <> uyuml
consenting <> rıza
consents <> rıza
consequence <> önem
consequence <> eser
consequence <> netic
consequence <> semer
consequence <> sonuç
consequences <> sonuç
consequent <> bağlı
consequent <> izley
consequent <> netic
consequent <> sonuç
consequent <> sonuc
consequent <> uyuml
consequent <> yan 
consequential <> öneml
consequential <> bağlı
consequential <> izley
consequential <> kibir
consequential <> mantı
consequential <> sonuc
consequentially <> dolay
consequently <> bu 
consequently <> sonuç
consequents <> sonuç
conservancy <> doğal
conservancy <> korum
conservancy <> sahip
conservation <> korum
conservation <> muhaf
conservation <> sahip
conservationism <> doğac
conservationism <> yeşil
conservationist <> doğac
conservationist <> yeşil
conservationists <> korum
conservations <> korun
conservatism <> muhaf
conservatism <> tutuc
conservative <> ölçül
conservative <> eski
conservative <> göste
conservative <> göze
conservative <> muhaf
conservative <> riske
conservative <> sağcı
conservative <> tutuc
conservatively <> konse
conservatives <> muhaf
conservatized <> muhaf
conservatizing <> muhaf
conservatoire <> konse
conservatoires <> konse
conservator <> korum
conservator <> koruy
conservator <> vasi
conservator <> veli
conservatories <> konse
conservatorium <> Conse
conservators <> konse
conservatory <> konse
conservatory <> limon
conservatory <> sera
conserve <> konse
conserve <> korum
conserve <> muhaf
conserve <> reçel
conserved <> korun
conserves <> tasar
conserving <> tasar
consider <> addet
consider <> düşün
consider <> dikka
consider <> fikri
consider <> görme
consider <> göz 
consider <> hesab
consider <> saygı
consider <> sayma
considerable <> çoklu
considerable <> öneml
considerable <> dikka
considerable <> hatır
considerable <> hayli
considerably <> öneml
considerate <> anlay
considerate <> düşün
considerate <> nazik
considerate <> saygı
considerately <> düşün
consideration <> önem
consideration <> bedel
consideration <> düşün
consideration <> dikka
consideration <> göz 
consideration <> itiba
consideration <> karşı
consideration <> saygı
consideration <> sebep
considerations <> husus
considered <> düşün
considered <> dikka
considered <> kabul
considered <> saygı
considering <> şartl
considering <> düşün
considering <> dikka
considering <> göre
considering <> göz 
considering <> hesab
considering <> rağme
considering <> yine
considers <> dikka
consign <> bırak
consign <> emane
consign <> gönde
consign <> sevke
consign <> tesli
consigne <> Alıcı
consigned <> tahsi
consignee <> alıcı
consignee <> emane
consignees <> alıcı
consigner <> gönde
consignment <> gönde
consignment <> sevk
consignment <> sevke
consignment <> tesli
consignments <> sevkı
consignor <> gönde
consist <> dayan
consist <> ibare
consist <> meyda
consist <> oluşm
consist <> oluşu
consist <> uymak
consist <> var 
consisted <> oluşu
consistence <> katıl
consistence <> tutar
consistence <> uyum
consistence <> yoğun
consistencies <> tutar
consistency <> bağda
consistency <> kıvam
consistency <> katıl
consistency <> koyul
consistency <> tutar
consistency <> uyum
consistency <> yoğun
consistent <> bağın
consistent <> istik
consistent <> kalıc
consistent <> sürek
consistent <> tutar
consistent <> uygun
consistently <> kalıc
consistently <> sürek
consistently <> tutar
consistently <> uyuml
consisting <> oluşa
consistory <> kardi
consistory <> kilis
consists <> oluşu
consociate <> arkad
consociate <> hisse
consociate <> müşte
consociate <> ortak
consol <> konso
consolation <> avunm
consolation <> avunt
consolation <> tesel
consolations <> tesel
consolatory <> avutm
consolatory <> avutu
consolatory <> tesel
console <> avunm
console <> avutm
console <> klavy
console <> konso
console <> kuman
console <> masa
console <> raf
console <> tesel
consoled <> tesel
consoles <> konso
consolidate <> birle
consolidate <> pekiş
consolidate <> sağla
consolidate <> takvi
consolidate <> topla
consolidate <> vades
consolidated <> birle
consolidated <> dayan
consolidated <> sağla
consolidated <> takvi
consolidated <> vades
consolidates <> birle
consolidating <> sağla
consolidation <> borçl
consolidation <> konso
consolidation <> sağla
consolidation <> sertl
consolidation <> takvi
consolidations <> konso
consoling <> tesel
consols <> devle
consomme <> et 
consomme <> konso
consonance <> ahenk
consonance <> ses 
consonance <> uyuşm
consonance <> uyum
consonant <> ünsüz
consonant <> ahenk
consonant <> bağda
consonant <> ses 
consonant <> sessi
consonant <> uyuşa
consonant <> uyuml
consonantal <> ünlü
consonants <> ünsüz
consort <> çok 
consort <> arkad
consort <> bağda
consort <> birli
consort <> eş
consort <> eşlik
consort <> eseri
consort <> hayat
consort <> refak
consort <> uymak
consort <> yolda
consortia <> konso
consortial <> konso
consortium <> evlil
consortium <> konso
consortium <> ulusl
consortiums <> konso
consorts <> hanım
conspectus <> özet
conspectus <> genel
conspectus <> plan
conspectus <> tasla
conspicuity <> bariz
conspicuity <> göze
conspicuity <> ortad
conspicuous <> çarpı
conspicuous <> apaçı
conspicuous <> bariz
conspicuous <> belli
conspicuous <> cazip
conspicuous <> dikka
conspicuous <> göze
conspicuously <> çarpı
conspicuously <> bariz
conspicuously <> belli
conspicuously <> dikka
conspicuousness <> bariz
conspicuousness <> göze
conspicuousness <> ortad
conspiracies <> kompl
conspiracy <> anlaş
conspiracy <> gizli
conspiracy <> kompl
conspiracy <> suikâ
conspirator <> kompl
conspirator <> suikâ
conspiratorial <> suikâ
conspirators <> kompl
conspire <> anlaş
conspire <> birli
conspire <> fesat
conspire <> gizli
conspire <> kompl
conspire <> kurma
conspire <> suikâ
conspired <> kompl
conspiring <> kompl
constable <> polis
constables <> Const
constabulary <> janda
constabulary <> polis
constabulary <> zabıt
constancy <> azim
constancy <> bağlı
constancy <> istik
constancy <> sabit
constancy <> sadak
constancy <> sebat
constancy <> vefa
constant <> ısrar
constant <> daimi
constant <> değiş
constant <> durağ
constant <> konst
constant <> sürek
constant <> sabit
constant <> sadık
constant <> sebat
constant <> vefal
constantan <> konst
constantia <> Const
constantly <> sürek
constantly <> sıkça
constantly <> sık 
constants <> sabit
constat <> sabit
constellation <> burç
constellation <> seçki
constellation <> takım
constellations <> takım
consternated <> şaşkı
consternated <> afall
consternated <> dehşe
consternation <> şaşkı
consternation <> afall
consternation <> dehşe
consternation <> donup
consternation <> hayre
constipate <> kabız
constipate <> sıkma
constipated <> kabız
constipation <> kabız
constipation <> pekli
constituencies <> seçim
constituency <> abone
constituency <> müşte
constituency <> seçim
constituency <> seçme
constituent <> öğe
constituent <> bileş
constituent <> eleme
constituent <> kuruc
constituent <> meyda
constituent <> oluşt
constituent <> seçen
constituent <> seçme
constituent <> temsi
constituent <> yasay
constituents <> bileş
constitute <> atama
constitute <> kurma
constitute <> oluşt
constitute <> seçme
constitute <> teşki
constitute <> yürür
constituted <> oluşt
constitutes <> teşki
constituting <> oluşt
constitution <> anaya
constitution <> bünye
constitution <> huy
constitution <> karak
constitution <> kurma
constitution <> meyda
constitution <> oluşt
constitution <> tüzük
constitution <> yapı
constitution <> yarad
constitutional <> anaya
constitutional <> bünye
constitutional <> esasl
constitutional <> yapıs
constitutionalisation <> Anaya
constitutionalism <> hüküm
constitutionalism <> meşru
constitutionalist <> meşru
constitutionalists <> Mesru
constitutionality <> anaya
constitutionalizing <> anaya
constitutionally <> anaya
constitutions <> anaya
constitutive <> esas
constitutive <> kuruc
constitutive <> oluşt
constitutive <> temel
constitutive <> yapıc
constitutively <> yapıs
constrain <> alıko
constrain <> baskı
constrain <> mecbu
constrain <> menet
constrain <> sınır
constrain <> tutma
constrain <> zorla
constrained <> kısıt
constrained <> rahat
constrained <> sıkın
constrained <> yapma
constrained <> zorak
constrainedly <> yapma
constrainedly <> zorla
constraining <> kısıt
constrains <> kısıt
constraint <> çekin
constraint <> alıko
constraint <> baskı
constraint <> kendi
constraint <> sınır
constraint <> zor
constraint <> zorla
constraints <> kısıt
constrict <> büzme
constrict <> baskı
constrict <> daral
constrict <> kısıt
constrict <> sıkış
constrict <> sıkma
constricted <> dar
constricted <> kısıt
constricted <> kıt
constricted <> sıkış
constricting <> daral
constriction <> büzme
constriction <> boğaz
constriction <> dar 
constriction <> daral
constriction <> kısıt
constriction <> sıkış
constriction <> sıkma
constrictions <> daral
constrictive <> konst
constrictor <> boa
constrictor <> boa 
constrictor <> sıkıc
constringent <> büzüc
constringent <> sıkıc
construal <> benli
construals <> kurgu
construct <> çizme
construct <> düzen
construct <> dikme
construct <> inşa
construct <> kurma
constructed <> inşa
constructing <> inşa
construction <> çizim
construction <> İnşaa
construction <> anlam
construction <> inşa
construction <> inşaa
construction <> kurma
construction <> yapı
construction <> yapma
construction <> yorum
constructional <> inşaa
constructional <> yapı
constructional <> yapıs
constructions <> inşaa
constructive <> dolay
constructive <> hukuk
constructive <> inşaa
constructive <> yapıc
constructive <> yapıs
constructively <> yapıc
constructiveness <> yapıc
constructivism <> yapıl
constructivist <> yapıl
constructor <> Yapıc
constructor <> inşaa
constructor <> usta
constructors <> kuruc
constructs <> yapıl
constructure <> Const
construe <> çözüm
construe <> çevir
construe <> incel
construe <> tercü
construe <> yorum
construed <> yorum
construing <> tanım
consubstantiality <> öz 
consubstantiality <> özdeş
consubstantiate <> özdeş
consubstantiate <> birle
consuetude <> adet
consuetude <> alışk
consuetudinary <> alışı
consul <> konso
consular <> konso
consulate <> konso
consulates <> konso
consuls <> konso
consulship <> konso
consult <> başvu
consult <> bakma
consult <> düşün
consult <> danış
consult <> dikka
consult <> görüş
consulta <> Consu
consultancies <> danış
consultancy <> danış
consultand <> Danış
consultant <> danış
consultant <> müteh
consultant <> uzman
consultants <> danış
consultation <> danış
consultation <> konsü
consultation <> muaye
consultations <> istiş
consultative <> danış
consulted <> konsü
consulting <> danış
consults <> danış
consumable <> kulla
consumable <> sarf
consumable <> tüket
consumables <> sarf
consume <> bitir
consume <> harca
consume <> sarfe
consume <> tüket
consume <> yakıp
consume <> ziyan
consumed <> tüket
consumer <> alıcı
consumer <> tüket
consumerism <> tüket
consumerist <> tüket
consumerists <> tüket
consumers <> Tüket
consumes <> tüket
consuming <> şidde
consuming <> bitir
consuming <> tüket
consuming <> yakan
consummate <> eksik
consummate <> mükem
consummate <> tam
consummate <> tamam
consummation <> amaç
consummation <> gaye
consummation <> mükem
consummation <> tamam
consummation <> yerin
consumpt <> Tüket
consumpted <> tüket
consumption <> bitir
consumption <> harca
consumption <> tüber
consumption <> tüket
consumption <> verem
consumptional <> Tüket
consumptions <> harca
consumptions <> tüket
consumptive <> müsri
consumptive <> savur
consumptive <> tüket
consumptive <> verem
contact <> bağla
contact <> dokun
contact <> görüş
contact <> ilişk
contact <> irtib
contact <> portö
contact <> taşıy
contact <> tanıd
contact <> temas
contactable <> temas
contacted <> temas
contacting <> temas
contactor <> devre
contactor <> konta
contactors <> konta
contacts <> rehbe
contagion <> bulaş
contagion <> geçme
contagion <> kötü
contagion <> yayıl
contagious <> bulaş
contagious <> hasta
contagious <> salgı
contagious <> yayıl
contagiousness <> bulaş
contain <> eşit
contain <> frenl
contain <> içere
contain <> içerm
contain <> içine
contain <> ihtiv
contain <> kapsa
contain <> tutma
contain <> zapte
contained <> bulun
container <> kap
container <> konte
container <> yük 
containerisation <> konte
containerised <> konte
containerization <> konte
containerized <> konte
containers <> konte
containerships <> konte
containing <> -li
containing <> içere
containment <> önlem
containment <> içerm
containment <> kapsa
containment <> tutma
containments <> Madde
contains <> içere
contaminant <> atık
contaminant <> kirle
contaminants <> kirle
contaminate <> bozma
contaminate <> bulaş
contaminate <> kirle
contaminated <> bozul
contaminated <> kirle
contaminates <> kirle
contaminating <> kirle
contamination <> atık
contamination <> bulaş
contamination <> kirle
contamination <> pisli
contaminations <> konta
contango <> hisse
contango <> prim
contek <> Conte
contemn <> adamd
contemn <> hor 
contemn <> küçüm
contemner <> mahke
contemplate <> düşün
contemplate <> dalma
contemplate <> niyet
contemplate <> süzme
contemplate <> seyre
contemplate <> tasar
contemplated <> öngör
contemplating <> düşün
contemplation <> bekle
contemplation <> dalma
contemplation <> derin
contemplation <> niyet
contemplation <> seyre
contemplation <> umma
contemplative <> düşün
contemplative <> dini
contempo <> çağda
contemporaneity <> eşzam
contemporaneous <> çağda
contemporaneous <> eşzam
contemporaneously <> eş
contemporaneousness <> çağda
contemporaries <> çağda
contemporarily <> çağda
contemporariness <> çağda
contemporary <> çağcı
contemporary <> çağda
contemporary <> akran
contemporary <> aktüe
contemporary <> aynı
contemporary <> eş 
contemporary <> eşzam
contemporary <> günüm
contemporary <> moder
contemporary <> yaşıt
contemporised <> çağda
contempt <> aşağı
contempt <> ayıp
contempt <> hakar
contempt <> hor 
contempt <> iğren
contempt <> küçüm
contempt <> mahke
contempt <> nefre
contempt <> yüz 
contemptibility <> adili
contemptibility <> alçak
contemptibility <> küçüm
contemptible <> aşağı
contemptible <> adi
contemptible <> alçak
contemptible <> hor
contemptible <> rezil
contemptuous <> ağır
contemptuous <> aşağı
contemptuous <> hor 
contemptuous <> küçül
contemptuously <> aşağı
contemptuously <> küçül
contemptuousness <> aşağı
contemptuousness <> küçüm
contend <> çekiş
contend <> iddia
contend <> ileri
contend <> rekab
contend <> savaş
contend <> tartı
contend <> uğraş
contend <> yarış
contended <> iddia
contender <> iddia
contender <> mücâd
contender <> rakip
contender <> yarış
contenders <> Parti
contending <> yarış
contends <> iddia
content <> öz
content <> anlam
content <> ayar
content <> doyum
content <> hazır
content <> hoşnu
content <> içeri
content <> içind
content <> kapsa
content <> lehte
content <> memnu
content <> oluml
content <> razı
content <> tatmi
contented <> halin
contented <> hoşnu
contented <> kanaa
contented <> mutlu
contented <> razı
contentedness <> hoşnu
contentedness <> memnu
contention <> çekiş
contention <> iddia
contention <> kavga
contention <> sav
contention <> tartı
contentions <> savla
contentious <> çekiş
contentious <> kavga
contentious <> mücâd
contentious <> tartı
contentiousness <> kavga
contentment <> hoşnu
contentment <> memnu
contents <> içeri
contents <> içind
contest <> çekiş
contest <> iddia
contest <> inkâr
contest <> itira
contest <> karşı
contest <> mücâd
contest <> maç
contest <> rekab
contest <> tartı
contest <> yarış
contestable <> şüphe
contestable <> itira
contestable <> su 
contestable <> tartı
contestant <> ödüle
contestant <> aday
contestant <> karar
contestant <> rakip
contestant <> yarış
contestants <> Yarış
contestation <> çekiş
contestation <> inkâr
contestation <> tartı
contestation <> yarış
contestations <> çekiş
contested <> itira
contesters <> Yarış
contesting <> itira
contests <> yarış
contex <> bağla
contexes <> konte
context <> şartl
context <> bağla
context <> durum
context <> kayna
context <> sözün
contexts <> bağla
contextual <> içeri
contextual <> sözün
contextualise <> bağla
contextualization <> bağla
contextualized <> bağla
contextualizing <> bağla
contextually <> içeri
contextually <> sözün
contexture <> bünye
contexture <> düzen
contexture <> dokum
contexture <> kumaş
contexture <> yapı
contiguity <> bitiş
contiguity <> komşu
contiguity <> temas
contiguity <> yakın
contiguous <> bitiş
contiguous <> komşu
contiguous <> sınır
contiguous <> yakın
contiguously <> peşpe
continence <> ölçül
continence <> ılıml
continence <> kendi
continence <> konti
continent <> ölçül
continent <> Avrup
continent <> Brita
continent <> anaka
continent <> kıta
continent <> kendi
continental <> İngil
continental <> Avrup
continental <> kıta
continental <> kıtas
continental <> karas
continentalize <> avrup
continentalized <> avrup
continentals <> Kıtal
continents <> kıta
contingencies <> yüküm
contingency <> bekle
contingency <> ihtim
contingency <> olası
contingency <> tesad
contingent <> şartl
contingent <> bekle
contingent <> birli
contingent <> muhte
contingent <> olası
contingent <> rastl
contingently <> belki
contingently <> bir
contingently <> bir 
contingently <> olası
contingents <> Konte
continua <> konti
continuable <> Devam
continual <> devam
continual <> durma
continual <> sürek
continual <> sıkça
continually <> boyun
continually <> durma
continually <> sürek
continuance <> devam
continuance <> ertel
continuance <> sürüp
continuance <> süre
continuance <> temdi
continuance <> uzatm
continuant <> sürek
continuation <> arka
continuation <> devam
continuation <> sürdü
continuation <> sürme
continuation <> temdi
continuation <> uzatm
continuations <> devam
continue <> devam
continue <> ertel
continue <> kalma
continue <> sürdü
continue <> sürme
continue <> uzama
continue <> uzatm
continued <> aralı
continued <> devam
continues <> devam
continueth <> sürmü
continuing <> devam
continuities <> sürek
continuity <> akıcı
continuity <> devam
continuity <> kolay
continuity <> mantı
continuity <> progr
continuity <> sürek
continuity <> senar
continuos <> sürek
continuous <> aralı
continuous <> devam
continuous <> sürek
continuous <> zinci
continuously <> durma
continuously <> sürek
continuousness <> sürek
continuum <> bölün
continuum <> süreç
contort <> çarpı
contort <> bükme
contort <> eğmek
contort <> kıvır
contort <> saptı
contorted <> çarpı
contortion <> bükül
contortion <> bükme
contortion <> burul
contortion <> eğme
contortionist <> akrob
contortionist <> vücud
contorts <> bozul
contos <> Conto
contour <> çevre
contour <> şekil
contour <> biçim
contour <> dış 
contour <> eşyük
contour <> hatla
contour <> kontu
contoured <> kontu
contouring <> kontu
contours <> kontü
contra <> aksi
contra <> aksin
contra <> hesab
contra <> karşı
contraband <> köle
contraband <> kaçak
contrabandist <> kaçak
contrabass <> bas 
contrabass <> kontr
contrabassoon <> bas 
contrabassoon <> kontr
contraception <> doğum
contraception <> gebel
contraceptive <> doğum
contraceptive <> gebel
contraceptive <> koruy
contraceptives <> kontr
contract <> anlaş
contract <> daral
contract <> kasıl
contract <> kasma
contract <> kontr
contract <> mukav
contract <> parça
contract <> sözle
contracted <> az
contracted <> büzül
contracted <> kısal
contracted <> kasıl
contracted <> sözle
contracted <> sınır
contracter <> mütea
contractibility <> büzül
contractible <> kısıl
contractible <> kasıl
contractile <> kısıl
contractile <> kasıl
contractility <> kontr
contracting <> Sözle
contraction <> çekil
contraction <> büzül
contraction <> daral
contraction <> darat
contraction <> edinm
contraction <> ilişk
contraction <> kısal
contraction <> kapma
contraction <> kasıl
contraction <> kayna
contractional <> sıkış
contractionary <> daral
contractions <> kasıl
contractor <> anlaş
contractor <> doğum
contractor <> kasan
contractor <> mütea
contractor <> taraf
contractors <> Mütea
contracts <> sözle
contractual <> sözle
contractually <> sözle
contracture <> kontr
contractures <> kontr
contradict <> çeliş
contradict <> aksin
contradict <> ters
contradict <> yalan
contradicted <> çeliş
contradicting <> çeliş
contradiction <> çeliş
contradiction <> aykır
contradiction <> inkâr
contradiction <> itira
contradiction <> tezat
contradiction <> yalan
contradictions <> çeliş
contradictious <> çeliş
contradictious <> aykır
contradictious <> tutar
contradictiously <> çeliş
contradictiously <> tutar
contradictorily <> çeliş
contradictorily <> aykır
contradictorily <> tutar
contradictoriness <> çeliş
contradictoriness <> muhal
contradictoriness <> tutar
contradictory <> çeliş
contradictory <> aykır
contradictory <> karşı
contradictory <> ters
contradictory <> tutar
contradicts <> çeliş
contradistinction <> aykır
contradistinction <> fark
contradistinction <> zıtlı
contradistinguish <> ayırm
contradistinguish <> ayırt
contrail <> jet
contrail <> jet 
contrails <> Contr
contraindicate <> tedav
contraindicated <> kontr
contraindication <> kontr
contraindication <> tedav
contraindications <> kontr
contraire <> Contr
contralateral <> kontr
contralto <> en 
contralto <> kalın
contralto <> kontr
contraption <> acayi
contraption <> mekan
contrapuntal <> kontr
contrarian <> tersi
contraries <> karşı
contrariety <> aksil
contrariety <> aykır
contrariety <> muhal
contrariety <> tersl
contrariety <> uyuşm
contrarily <> aksin
contrarily <> bilâk
contrarily <> inatl
contrarily <> tersi
contrariness <> aksil
contrariness <> inatç
contrariness <> karşı
contrariness <> tersl
contrariwise <> aksi
contrariwise <> aksin
contrariwise <> bilâk
contrariwise <> tersi
contrary <> çeliş
contrary <> aksi
contrary <> dik 
contrary <> inatç
contrary <> karşı
contrary <> muhal
contrary <> ters
contrary <> uymay
contras <> kontr
contrast <> çeliş
contrast <> karşı
contrast <> kontr
contrast <> tezat
contrast <> zıtlı
contrasted <> tezat
contrasting <> zıt
contrastive <> karşı
contrasts <> tezat
contrasty <> kontr
contrasty <> ton 
contravariant <> kontr
contravene <> çiğne
contravene <> başka
contravene <> itira
contravene <> karşı
contravene <> uymam
contravened <> ihlal
contravenes <> aykır
contravening <> aykır
contravention <> çiğne
contravention <> ihlal
contravention <> karşı
contraventions <> aykır
contretemps <> şanss
contretemps <> aksil
contretemps <> gaf
contretemps <> pot
contretemps <> tâlih
contribute <> bağış
contribute <> katıl
contribute <> katkı
contribute <> payı
contribute <> verme
contribute <> yazı
contributed <> katkı
contributer <> iştir
contributer <> katkı
contributer <> makal
contributer <> yazar
contributers <> katkı
contributes <> katkı
contributing <> katkı
contribution <> bağış
contribution <> deste
contribution <> iştir
contribution <> katkı
contribution <> makal
contribution <> yardı
contribution <> yazı
contributions <> katkı
contributor <> iştir
contributor <> katkı
contributor <> makal
contributor <> yazar
contributors <> katkı
contributory <> emekl
contributory <> katıl
contributory <> katkı
contributory <> serma
contributory <> yardı
contrite <> pişma
contritely <> pişma
contrition <> pişma
contrivance <> buluş
contrivance <> düzen
contrivance <> entri
contrivance <> icat
contrivance <> kurma
contrive <> başar
contrive <> bulma
contrive <> ev 
contrive <> icat
contrive <> planl
contrive <> tasar
contrive <> yapma
contrived <> yapma
contrives <> kapsa
control <> denet
control <> güç
control <> hakim
control <> işlet
control <> idare
control <> kontr
control <> otori
control <> sorum
controllability <> denet
controllable <> idare
controllable <> kontr
controllable <> yönet
controllableness <> Kontr
controlled <> kontr
controller <> denet
controller <> kontr
controller <> muhas
controller <> yönet
controllers <> denet
controllership <> Kontr
controlling <> idare
controlling <> kontr
controls <> denet
controversial <> anlaş
controversial <> ihtil
controversial <> münak
controversial <> tartı
controversialist <> münak
controversialist <> polem
controversialist <> tartı
controversially <> tartı
controversies <> tartı
controversion <> tartı
controversional <> tartı
controversy <> çekiş
controversy <> anlaş
controversy <> ihtil
controversy <> tartı
controvert <> çürüt
controvert <> karşı
controvert <> redde
controvert <> tartı
controvert <> yalan
controvertible <> ihtil
controvertible <> inkâr
controvertible <> itira
contumacious <> asi
contumacious <> inatç
contumacious <> itaat
contumaciously <> asice
contumaciously <> inatç
contumaciously <> itaat
contumacy <> asili
contumacy <> başka
contumacy <> inat
contumacy <> mahke
contumely <> gözde
contumely <> hakar
contumely <> küfür
contuse <> çürüt
contuse <> berel
contuse <> zedel
contusion <> çürük
contusion <> bere
contusions <> kontü
conundrum <> bilme
conundrum <> kelim
conundrum <> muamm
conurbation <> şehir
conurbation <> bileş
conus <> konus
convalesce <> iyile
convalescence <> iyile
convalescent <> iyile
convection <> ısına
convection <> ısıya
convection <> konve
convectional <> Konve
convections <> ısı
convective <> konve
convector <> ısıya
convector <> konve
convectors <> Konve
convenance <> gelen
convenances <> adap
convenances <> görgü
convenances <> yol
convenances <> yol 
convene <> mahke
convene <> topla
convened <> topla
convener <> topla
conveners <> Oturu
convenes <> topla
convenience <> elver
convenience <> hayat
convenience <> kazan
convenience <> kolay
convenience <> müsai
convenience <> tuval
convenience <> uygun
convenience <> yarar
conveniences <> kolay
convenient <> elver
convenient <> kulla
convenient <> prati
convenient <> uygun
convenient <> yakın
conveniently <> uygun
convening <> topla
convent <> manas
convent <> rahib
conventicle <> dini
conventicle <> gizli
convention <> adet
convention <> düzen
convention <> kongr
convention <> topla
conventional <> atomi
conventional <> basma
conventional <> beyli
conventional <> gelen
conventional <> konve
conventionalism <> gelen
conventionality <> basma
conventionality <> gelen
conventionality <> kalıp
conventionalize <> konve
conventionally <> gelen
conventioneers <> Conve
conventions <> sözle
convents <> manas
conventual <> manas
converge <> birle
converge <> kavuş
converge <> yakın
converge <> yakla
converged <> tümle
convergence <> kavuş
convergence <> yakın
convergency <> kavuş
convergency <> yakın
convergent <> yakın
converges <> yakın
converging <> birle
converging <> yakın
conversable <> cana
conversable <> hoşso
conversable <> sosya
conversance <> sıkı
conversance <> samim
conversant <> bilen
conversant <> bilin
conversant <> deney
conversant <> tanın
conversation <> cinse
conversation <> görüş
conversation <> konuş
conversation <> söyle
conversation <> sohbe
conversational <> güzel
conversational <> konuş
conversationalist <> güzel
conversationalist <> hoşso
conversationally <> konuş
conversationally <> sohbe
conversations <> konuş
conversative <> Korun
conversazione <> edebi
conversazione <> sanat
converse <> akis
converse <> conve
converse <> evirt
converse <> karşı
converse <> söyle
converse <> sohbe
converse <> ters
converse <> zıt
conversely <> aksin
conversely <> diğer
conversely <> tersi
conversing <> çevri
conversion <> çevir
conversion <> dönüş
conversion <> dönme
conversion <> değiş
conversion <> din 
conversion <> evirt
conversion <> sayı
conversions <> dönüş
conversive <> konve
convert <> çevir
convert <> arıtm
convert <> dönüş
convert <> dönme
convert <> değiş
convert <> din 
convert <> dinin
convert <> inanc
convert <> sayı
convertase <> konve
converted <> dönüş
converted <> dönmü
converter <> apre
converter <> dönüş
converter <> değiş
converter <> konve
converters <> dönüş
convertibility <> çevir
convertibility <> dönüş
convertibility <> konve
convertible <> çevir
convertible <> üstü
convertible <> değiş
convertible <> konve
convertibles <> cabri
converting <> dönüş
convertor <> apre
convertor <> dönüş
convertor <> değiş
convertor <> konve
convertors <> dönüş
converts <> dönüş
convex <> dışbü
convex <> konve
convex <> yakın
convexities <> konve
convexity <> dışbü
convey <> devre
convey <> getir
convey <> iletm
convey <> nakle
convey <> taşım
convey <> yayma
convey <> yolla
conveyance <> bilgi
conveyance <> gönde
conveyance <> ihbar
conveyance <> nakil
conveyance <> taşım
conveyance <> taşıt
conveyance <> terk
conveyancer <> devir
conveyed <> ilett
conveyer <> konve
conveyer <> nakle
conveyer <> taşıy
conveyers <> konve
conveying <> taşım
conveyor <> konve
conveyor <> nakle
conveyor <> taşıy
conveyorized <> konve
conveyors <> konve
conveys <> nakle
convict <> hüküm
convict <> kabul
convict <> mahku
convict <> suçlu
convicted <> suçlu
convicted <> suçu
convicting <> mahku
conviction <> görüş
conviction <> haklı
conviction <> inanç
conviction <> inanm
conviction <> kanaa
conviction <> mahku
conviction <> suçlu
convictions <> mahku
convicts <> hüküm
convince <> ikna
convince <> inand
convinced <> ikna
convinced <> inanm
convincement <> ikna
convinces <> ikna
convincing <> ikna
convincing <> inand
convincing <> tatmi
convincingly <> inand
convivial <> şen
convivial <> şenli
convivial <> ziyaf
conviviality <> şamat
conviviality <> şenli
conviviality <> eğlen
conviviality <> keyif
convocation <> çağrı
convocation <> davet
convocation <> mecli
convocation <> topla
convoke <> davet
convoke <> resmi
convolute <> dürül
convolute <> sarıl
convolute <> sarma
convoluted <> kıvrı
convoluted <> sarıl
convoluted <> sarma
convolution <> dürül
convolution <> kıvrı
convolution <> sarıl
convolutional <> evriş
convolutions <> konvo
convolvulus <> çit
convolvulus <> çit 
convoy <> eşlik
convoy <> kafil
convoy <> katar
convoy <> konvo
convoy <> korum
convoy <> refak
convoys <> konvo
convulsant <> konvü
convulse <> allak
convulse <> kıvra
convulse <> sarsm
convulsed <> kıvra
convulsing <> sarsa
convulsion <> çırpı
convulsion <> kasıl
convulsion <> katıl
convulsion <> sarsı
convulsions <> konvü
convulsive <> çırpı
convulsive <> kasıl
convulsive <> sarsa
cony <> adata
cony <> tavşa
coo <> ötmek
coo <> cıvıl
coo <> mırıl
cook <> aşçı
cook <> mahve
cook <> oynam
cook <> pişir
cook <> pişme
cook <> uydur
cook <> yemek
cookbook <> yemek
cookbooks <> yemek
cooked <> pişmi
cooker <> fırın
cooker <> ocak
cooker <> pişir
cooker <> tence
cookers <> ocakl
cookery <> aşçıl
cookie <> çörek
cookie <> çekic
cookie <> adam
cookie <> bebek
cookie <> biri
cookie <> biskü
cookie <> kurab
cookies <> kurab
cooking <> aşçıl
cooking <> mutfa
cooking <> yemek
cookings <> yemek
cookout <> pikni
cooks <> aşçıl
cookshop <> Cooks
cookstoves <> kuzin
cooktop <> Ocağı
cooktops <> Setüs
cookware <> Tence
cookwares <> Mutfa
cooky <> çekic
cooky <> adam
cooky <> bebek
cooky <> biskü
cooky <> kurab
cool <> çok 
cool <> abart
cool <> harik
cool <> küsta
cool <> klas
cool <> mükem
cool <> serin
cool <> soğuk
cool <> soğut
cool <> tamı
cool <> uygun
cool <> yatış
coolant <> soğut
coolants <> soğut
cooled <> soğut
cooler <> hapis
cooler <> kodes
cooler <> soğuk
cooler <> soğut
coolers <> soğut
coolest <> haval
cooley <> Coole
coolie <> amele
coolie <> hamal
cooling <> serin
cooling <> soğut
coolness <> ilgis
coolness <> serin
coolness <> soğuk
coolness <> yüzsü
cools <> soğur
coomb <> ova
coomb <> vadi
coombe <> ova
coombe <> vadi
coon <> kurna
coon <> rakun
coon <> zenci
coons <> Coons
coop <> hapis
coop <> kümes
coop <> kafes
coop <> kapam
coop <> tıkma
cooper <> şarap
cooper <> fıçı
cooper <> fıçıc
cooper <> fıçıl
cooperage <> fıçı
cooperage <> fıçıc
cooperate <> birli
cooperate <> deste
cooperate <> işbir
cooperate <> yardı
cooperated <> işbir
cooperates <> işbir
cooperating <> işbir
cooperation <> berab
cooperation <> dayan
cooperation <> deste
cooperation <> elbir
cooperation <> işbir
cooperation <> ortak
cooperation <> yardı
cooperations <> işbir
cooperative <> işbir
cooperative <> koope
cooperative <> yardı
cooperatively <> işbir
cooperativeness <> yardı
cooperatives <> koope
cooperator <> iş 
cooperator <> koope
cooperator <> ortak
coopers <> fıçıc
coopersmith <> Coope
coops <> kümes
coordinate <> apsis
coordinate <> düzen
coordinate <> eşit
coordinate <> koord
coordinate <> uyum
coordinated <> koord
coordinately <> koord
coordinateness <> koord
coordinates <> koord
coordinating <> koord
coordination <> bağla
coordination <> düzen
coordination <> eşgüd
coordination <> koord
coordination <> uyuml
coordinations <> koord
coordinator <> eşgüd
coordinator <> koord
coordinators <> koord
coos <> Coos
coot <> dazla
coot <> kel
coot <> sutav
cooter <> Coote
cootie <> bit
cop <> çalma
cop <> aşırm
cop <> aynas
cop <> ensel
cop <> konik
cop <> polis
cop <> tutuk
cop <> yakal
copal <> kopal
copal <> tropi
coparcenary <> ortak
coparcener <> ortak
copartner <> hisse
copartner <> ortak
copartnership <> hisse
copartnership <> ortak
copartnership <> perso
copayments <> katkı
cope <> çare
cope <> örtü
cope <> örtme
cope <> üstün
cope <> üstes
cope <> başa
cope <> papaz
cope <> uğraş
copeck <> Rus 
copeck <> ruble
coped <> başa
copepoda <> Copep
copepods <> kopep
coper <> at 
coper <> camba
copes <> Copes
copestone <> saçak
copestone <> son
copestone <> son 
copia <> Cópia
copied <> Kopya
copier <> fotok
copier <> kopya
copiers <> fotok
copies <> kopya
copilot <> pilot
coping <> başa
coping <> duvar
copings <> harpu
copious <> üretk
copious <> berek
copious <> bol
copious <> dağar
copious <> verim
copiously <> bolca
copiousness <> berek
copiousness <> bollu
copiousness <> kelim
coplanar <> kopla
copland <> Copla
copolymer <> kopol
copolymerization <> kopol
copolymerize <> kopol
copolymers <> kopol
coppel <> Coppe
copper <> çamaş
copper <> aynas
copper <> bakır
copper <> polis
copperas <> demir
copperbottom <> Bakır
copperhead <> Doğu
copperhead <> zehir
copperheads <> Bakır
coppering <> bakır
copperplate <> bakır
copperplate <> işlem
copperplate <> ince
coppers <> bakır
coppersmith <> bakır
coppersmith <> kazan
coppersmiths <> bakır
copperware <> bakır
coppery <> bakır
coppice <> çalıl
coppice <> ağaçl
coppice <> koru
coppicing <> Balta
coppin <> Coppi
copps <> Copps
copra <> kurut
coprecipitate <> kopre
coprecipitated <> çözel
coprecipitation <> kopre
coprime <> asal
coprocessor <> işlem
coproduct <> eşçar
coproduction <> ortak
coproducts <> eş
coprolite <> Kopro
coprophagia <> Copro
coprophilous <> Kopro
coproporphyria <> kopro
cops <> Polis
copse <> çalıl
copse <> ağaçl
copse <> koru
copter <> helik
copula <> bağ
copula <> birle
copula <> koşaç
copulas <> Ek
copulate <> çiftl
copulate <> bağla
copulate <> ilişk
copulating <> ilisk
copulation <> çiftl
copulation <> bağ
copulation <> birle
copulation <> cinse
copulation <> ilişk
copulations <> çiftl
copulative <> çiftl
copulative <> bağla
copulative <> birle
copulative <> koşaç
copulative <> seviş
copulatory <> çiftl
copy <> çoğal
copy <> örnek
copy <> kopya
copy <> metin
copy <> nüsha
copy <> poz
copy <> senet
copy <> suret
copy <> takli
copybook <> basma
copybook <> iyi 
copybook <> kayıt
copybook <> mükem
copybook <> model
copybook <> sırad
copybook <> yazı
copycat <> kopya
copycat <> takli
copycats <> Copyc
copydesk <> yazı
copyediting <> yayın
copyeditor <> Sayfa
copyhold <> kayıt
copyhold <> tımar
copyholder <> düzel
copyholder <> dizgi
copyholder <> tımar
copying <> kopya
copyist <> kopya
copyist <> takli
copyreader <> düzel
copyright <> telif
copyrightable <> telif
copyrighted <> telif
copyrights <> telif
copywriter <> metin
coquet <> önems
coquet <> cilve
coquet <> fingi
coquet <> hafif
coquet <> nazla
coquetry <> cilve
coquetry <> işve
coquetry <> naz
coquetry <> oynaş
coquette <> fingi
coquette <> koket
coquette <> yosma
coquettish <> cilve
coquettish <> fingi
coquettish <> işvel
coquettish <> oynak
coquettishness <> işve
coquettishness <> naz
coquettishness <> oynaş
coquina <> Coqui
cor <> üf 
cor <> cor
cor <> vay 
coracle <> bez
coracle <> bez 
coracle <> sepet
coracoacromial <> korak
coracobrachialis <> corac
coracoid <> corac
coral <> dölle
coral <> merca
corallin <> koral
corallina <> Coral
coralline <> bitki
coralline <> deniz
coralline <> koral
coralline <> merca
corallite <> merca
coralloid <> Koral
corallum <> Koral
corals <> merca
coram <> Coram
corb <> kötek
corbeau <> Corbe
corbeil <> Corbe
corbel <> çıkma
corbel <> deste
corbels <> konso
corbie <> kuzgu
corbie <> leş
corbie <> leş 
corbiestep <> yanla
corbina <> Corbi
corby <> Corby
corchorus <> Corch
cord <> şerit
cord <> bağ
cord <> bağla
cord <> fitil
cord <> ip
cord <> kütük
cord <> kordo
cord <> odun
cord <> sicim
corda <> Corda
cordage <> halat
cordage <> ipler
cordate <> kâlp
cordectomy <> korde
corded <> ölçül
corded <> bağlı
corded <> fitil
corded <> ipli
cordelle <> Corde
cordial <> canda
cordial <> canla
cordial <> içten
cordial <> kâlbe
cordial <> likör
cordial <> samim
cordial <> tatlı
cordial <> uyarı
cordiality <> içten
cordiality <> samim
cordially <> canda
cordially <> canla
cordially <> içten
cordially <> samim
cordierite <> kordi
cordillera <> Cordi
cordilleras <> sırad
cordis <> kordi
cordite <> itici
cordite <> kordi
cordless <> kablo
cordless <> kordo
cordlessly <> kablo
cordocentesis <> kordo
cordon <> budan
cordon <> insan
cordon <> kordo
cordoned <> kordo
cordons <> kordo
cordotomy <> kordo
cordovan <> ince
cords <> fitil
cords <> halat
corduroy <> fitil
corduroy <> kumaş
corduroys <> fitil
cordwainer <> ayakk
cordwood <> istif
cordwood <> odun
cordy <> Cordy
core <> çekir
core <> öz
core <> dolgu
core <> göbeğ
core <> göbek
core <> iç
core <> içini
core <> meyve
cored <> özlü
corelated <> düzey
corelation <> korel
corelations <> korel
coreless <> çekir
coreligionist <> din
coreligionist <> din 
coreligionist <> dini
coreligionists <> dinda
corella <> Corel
coreopsis <> otsu
corer <> meyve
corer <> oyma
cores <> çekir
corgi <> Welsh
coria <> Coria
coriaceous <> deri
coriaceous <> deriy
coriaceous <> kösel
coriander <> kişni
coring <> karot
corinth <> Korin
cork <> kara
cork <> manta
cork <> tıkaç
cork <> tıpa
cork <> tıpal
corkage <> şarap
corkage <> manta
corkage <> tıpal
corked <> manta
corked <> sarho
corker <> şaşır
corker <> kuyru
corker <> olağa
corker <> sonuc
corkers <> Corke
corking <> şahan
corking <> harik
corking <> muhte
corks <> manta
corkscrew <> sarma
corkscrew <> tirbu
corkscrews <> Tirbu
corkwood <> manta
corky <> canlı
corky <> hayat
corky <> manta
corm <> bitki
cormorant <> boğaz
cormorant <> karab
cormorant <> obur
cormorants <> karab
corms <> yumru
corn <> buğda
corn <> ekin
corn <> kurut
corn <> mısır
corn <> nasır
corn <> salam
corn <> tahıl
corn <> yulaf
cornbread <> Cornb
corncob <> koçan
corncob <> mısır
corncockle <> karam
cornea <> korne
cornea <> sayda
corneal <> korne
corneas <> korne
corned <> salam
cornel <> karan
cornelian <> akik
corneoscleral <> korne
corneous <> boynu
corner <> ücra
corner <> açı
corner <> bölge
corner <> bucak
corner <> ele 
corner <> köşe
corner <> köşed
corner <> köşey
corner <> kıstı
corner <> kuytu
corner <> tekel
corner <> viraj
cornered <> köşel
cornered <> köşey
cornered <> sıkın
cornering <> viraj
cornerpiece <> Köşeb
cornerpieces <> köşeb
corners <> köşel
cornerstone <> köşe
cornerstones <> köşe
cornerways <> çapra
cornerwise <> çapra
cornet <> dondu
cornet <> korne
cornet <> rahib
cornetist <> korne
cornets <> korne
cornett <> Corne
cornettist <> korne
cornetto <> Corne
corneum <> korne
cornfield <> mısır
cornflake <> çıtır
cornflakes <> kahva
cornflakes <> mısır
cornflour <> mısır
cornflower <> peyga
cornhole <> Cornh
cornice <> korni
cornice <> perva
cornice <> uçuru
corniced <> saçak
cornices <> korni
corniche <> kordo
cornification <> korni
cornified <> Boynu
corning <> Corni
cornloft <> tahıl
cornmeal <> mısır
corns <> mısır
cornstalk <> mısır
cornstarch <> mısır
cornual <> Kornu
cornucopia <> berek
cornucopia <> bollu
cornucopia <> boynu
cornus <> Cornu
corny <> çok 
corny <> bayat
corny <> mısır
corny <> modas
corny <> nasır
corny <> tahıl
corny <> tanec
corolla <> corol
corolla <> korol
corolla <> taçya
corollary <> doğal
corollary <> sonuç
coromandel <> Corom
corona <> ayla
corona <> coron
corona <> hale
corona <> taç 
corona <> uzun
coronach <> ağıt
coronadite <> Koron
coronal <> koron
coronally <> koron
coronaries <> koron
coronary <> kâlp
coronary <> koron
coronary <> taç 
coronary <> tromb
coronation <> taç
coronation <> taç 
coronations <> taç
coronavirus <> coron
coronaviruses <> coron
coronel <> Coron
coroner <> sorgu
coroners <> Coron
coronet <> süslü
coronet <> taç
coroneted <> asale
coroneted <> asilz
coroneted <> taç
coroneted <> taç 
coronis <> Coron
coronoid <> Koron
corotating <> PNK
coroutine <> eşyor
corporal <> beden
corporal <> onbaş
corporality <> beden
corporality <> vücut
corporals <> onbaş
corporate <> şirke
corporate <> birle
corporate <> kurum
corporate <> tüzel
corporate <> toplu
corporately <> Corpo
corporates <> şirke
corporation <> şiş 
corporation <> şirke
corporation <> beled
corporation <> derne
corporation <> kurum
corporation <> tüzel
corporational <> Kurum
corporations <> şirke
corporatism <> korpo
corporatist <> korpo
corporative <> şirke
corporative <> anoni
corporative <> ekono
corporeal <> beden
corporeal <> madde
corporeal <> maddi
corporeality <> beden
corporeality <> madde
corporeity <> beden
corporeity <> var 
corporis <> korpo
corps <> birli
corps <> heyet
corps <> kıta
corps <> kolor
corps <> toplu
corpse <> ölü
corpse <> ceset
corpse <> kadav
corpses <> ceset
corpulence <> şişma
corpulence <> irili
corpulency <> şişma
corpulency <> irili
corpulent <> şişma
corpulent <> iri
corpus <> ana 
corpus <> corpu
corpus <> külli
corpus <> kapit
corpus <> serma
corpus <> yapı
corpus <> yazar
corpuscle <> kürec
corpuscle <> kan 
corpuscle <> parça
corpuscle <> zerre
corpuscles <> cisim
corpuscular <> parça
corpuscule <> kan 
corpuscule <> parça
corpuscule <> zerre
corral <> ağıl
corral <> etraf
corral <> konak
correct <> cezal
correct <> düzel
correct <> doğru
correct <> haddi
correct <> hatas
correct <> kusur
correct <> tam
correct <> uygun
correctable <> düzel
corrected <> düzel
correctible <> düzel
correcting <> düzel
correction <> ceza
correction <> cezal
correction <> düzel
correction <> doğru
correction <> tashi
correctional <> ıslah
correctional <> düzel
corrections <> düzel
correctitude <> dürüs
correctitude <> doğru
correctitude <> uygun
corrective <> ıslah
corrective <> düzel
corrective <> yatış
correctly <> doğru
correctness <> dürüs
correctness <> doğru
correctness <> uygun
corrector <> düzel
corrector <> eleşt
corrector <> gider
corrector <> refor
correctors <> düzel
corrects <> düzel
corregidor <> Corre
correlate <> bağın
correlate <> bağ
correlate <> bağ 
correlate <> bağda
correlate <> bağla
correlate <> ilişi
correlate <> ilişk
correlate <> uymak
correlated <> korel
correlates <> ilişk
correlating <> ilişk
correlation <> bağın
correlation <> bağlı
correlation <> ilişk
correlation <> koler
correlational <> bağın
correlations <> korel
correlative <> bağın
correlative <> bağlı
correlative <> benze
correlator <> korel
correspond <> benze
correspond <> haber
correspond <> karşı
correspond <> mektu
correspond <> uymak
correspond <> yaram
correspond <> yazış
corresponded <> denk
correspondence <> benze
correspondence <> haber
correspondence <> mektu
correspondence <> muhab
correspondence <> uygun
correspondence <> yazış
correspondences <> yazış
correspondent <> eş
correspondent <> mektu
correspondent <> muhab
correspondent <> uyan
correspondent <> yazış
correspondents <> muhab
corresponding <> eş
corresponding <> ilgil
corresponding <> mektu
corresponding <> uyan
corresponding <> yazış
corresponding <> yerin
correspondingly <> buna
corresponds <> karşı
corridor <> dehli
corridor <> geçit
corridor <> korid
corridors <> korid
corrie <> Corri
corrigenda <> baskı
corrigenda <> düzel
corrigenda <> hatal
corrigenda <> yanlı
corrigendum <> baskı
corrigendum <> yanlı
corrin <> Corri
corroborate <> doğru
corroborate <> onayl
corroborated <> doğru
corroborates <> doğru
corroborating <> doğru
corroboration <> deste
corroboration <> doğru
corroboration <> onayl
corroboration <> teyit
corroborative <> doğru
corroborative <> onayl
corroboratory <> doğru
corroboratory <> onayl
corrode <> çürüt
corrode <> aşınd
corrode <> kemir
corrode <> yıpra
corroded <> pasla
corrodent <> aşınd
corrodent <> pasla
corrodes <> aşınd
corrodible <> aşınm
corroding <> pasla
corrosion <> aşınd
corrosion <> aşınm
corrosion <> bozul
corrosion <> koroz
corrosion <> pasla
corrosion <> yıpra
corrosions <> aşınm
corrosive <> çürüt
corrosive <> aşınd
corrosive <> yıpra
corrosiveness <> aşınd
corrosives <> aşınd
corrosivity <> koroz
corrugate <> buruş
corrugate <> dalga
corrugate <> kırış
corrugated <> dalga
corrugated <> kıvrı
corrugated <> olukl
corrugating <> Ondül
corrugation <> buruş
corrugation <> kırış
corrugations <> korri
corrupt <> çürüt
corrupt <> ahlak
corrupt <> ayart
corrupt <> başta
corrupt <> bayağ
corrupt <> bozma
corrupt <> bozul
corrupt <> bulaş
corrupt <> mahve
corrupt <> rüşve
corrupt <> yiyic
corrupt <> yozla
corrupted <> bozuk
corrupters <> bozgu
corruptible <> ayart
corruptible <> bozul
corruptible <> rüşve
corrupting <> ayart
corruption <> çürüm
corruption <> ahlak
corruption <> bozma
corruption <> bozul
corruption <> fesat
corruption <> rüşve
corruption <> yozla
corruptions <> yolsu
corruptive <> çürüt
corruptive <> bozuc
corruptive <> bulaş
corruptive <> zarar
corruptor <> Corru
corrupts <> bozma
corsage <> çiçek
corsage <> elbis
corsage <> korsa
corsair <> korsa
corsairs <> korsa
corse <> ceset
corselet <> korse
corselet <> sıkı
corselet <> zırh
corset <> korse
corseted <> korse
corsetier <> Korse
corsetry <> korse
corsets <> korse
cortege <> alay
cortege <> kafil
cortege <> korte
cortex <> böbre
cortex <> beyin
cortex <> korte
cortexes <> korte
cortical <> korti
cortices <> korte
corticobulbar <> korti
corticoid <> korti
corticospinal <> korti
corticosteroid <> korti
corticosteroids <> korti
corticosterone <> korti
corticotroph <> Korti
corticotrophin <> korti
corticotropin <> korti
cortile <> Corti
cortisol <> korti
cortisone <> korti
corundum <> elmas
corundum <> korin
coruscant <> Corus
coruscate <> ışıld
coruscate <> parla
corvee <> angar
corvee <> köylü
corvette <> deniz
corvette <> korve
corvettes <> korve
corvetto <> Corve
corvina <> Corvi
corvine <> karga
corvine <> kuzgu
corvus <> Corvu
corvusite <> Korvu
corydalis <> Coryd
corydon <> köylü
corydon <> tipik
corylus <> Coryl
corymb <> demet
corymb <> korim
corymb <> salkı
corypha <> Coryp
coryphaeus <> koro
coryphaeus <> sözcü
coryphaeus <> temsi
coryphee <> prima
coryza <> burun
coryza <> nezle
cos <> cos
cos <> marul
cosalite <> Kozal
cose <> Cose
cosecant <> kosek
coseismic <> sismi
cosets <> Koset
cosh <> cop
cosh <> copla
cosh <> sopa
cosher <> şımar
cosher <> el 
cosier <> cozie
cosignatory <> berab
cosily <> rahat
cosine <> kosin
cosines <> cos
cosiness <> konfo
cosiness <> rahat
cosmeceutical <> kozme
cosmeceuticals <> kozme
cosmesis <> kozme
cosmetic <> bakım
cosmetic <> estet
cosmetic <> güzel
cosmetic <> kozme
cosmetic <> makya
cosmetic <> plast
cosmetic <> yüzey
cosmetical <> kozme
cosmetically <> kozme
cosmetician <> güzel
cosmetician <> kozme
cosmetics <> bakım
cosmetics <> kozme
cosmetics <> makya
cosmetological <> Kozme
cosmetologist <> güzel
cosmetologist <> kozme
cosmetologists <> kozme
cosmetology <> kozme
cosmic <> evren
cosmic <> geniş
cosmic <> kozmi
cosmical <> evren
cosmical <> geniş
cosmical <> kozmi
cosmodrome <> Üssü
cosmogenesis <> Cosmo
cosmogenic <> kozmo
cosmogony <> evren
cosmogony <> kozmo
cosmography <> kozmo
cosmological <> kozmo
cosmologist <> kozmo
cosmologists <> kozmo
cosmology <> evren
cosmology <> kozmo
cosmonaut <> kozmo
cosmonaut <> uzay
cosmonauts <> kozmo
cosmopolis <> Cosmo
cosmopolitan <> çok 
cosmopolitan <> dünya
cosmopolitan <> kozmo
cosmopolitan <> ulusa
cosmopolitanism <> kozmo
cosmopolitans <> kozmo
cosmopolite <> kozmo
cosmopolitical <> kozmo
cosmopolitism <> kozmo
cosmos <> düzen
cosmos <> evren
cosmos <> kâina
cosmos <> kozmo
cosmoses <> Kâina
coss <> COSS
cossack <> kazak
cossacks <> Kazak
cosset <> üstün
cosset <> şımar
cost <> etmek
cost <> fiyat
cost <> mal 
cost <> maliy
cost <> masra
cost <> neden
cost <> paha
cost <> tutma
cost <> zarar
costal <> kabur
costal <> yapra
costals <> costa
costard <> İngil
costard <> baş
costard <> kafa
costate <> kabur
coste <> Coste
costed <> mal
coster <> seyya
costermonger <> seyya
costes <> Coste
costing <> fiyat
costing <> maliy
costings <> tedbi
costive <> cimri
costive <> hasis
costive <> kabız
costiveness <> cimri
costiveness <> kabız
costiveness <> pinti
costless <> maliy
costliness <> değer
costliness <> ihtiş
costliness <> lüks
costliness <> paha
costliness <> pahal
costly <> değer
costly <> lüks
costly <> pahal
costophrenic <> kosto
costovertebral <> kosto
costs <> maliy
costume <> elbis
costume <> giysi
costume <> kıyaf
costume <> kostü
costume <> mayo
costume <> sahne
costume <> tayyö
costumed <> kostü
costumer <> giysi
costumer <> kostü
costumer <> müşte
costumers <> müşte
costumes <> kostü
costumier <> giysi
costumier <> kostü
cosy <> çayda
cosy <> ev 
cosy <> keyif
cosy <> konfo
cosy <> rahat
cosy <> sıcac
cosying <> cozyi
cot <> ağıl
cot <> bebek
cot <> küçük
cot <> kümes
cot <> karyo
cot <> porta
cotangent <> eşteğ
cotangent <> kotan
cote <> ağıl
cote <> kümes
cote <> kulüb
coteau <> COTEA
coterie <> seçki
coterie <> toplu
coterie <> zümre
coterminous <> Uyuşm
cotes <> Cotes
cothurnus <> coşku
cothurnus <> sanda
cotidal <> kotid
cotillion <> kotil
cotinine <> kotin
cotoneaster <> Coton
cots <> Bebek
cott <> Cott
cottage <> kır 
cottage <> kulüb
cottage <> sayfi
cottager <> rençp
cottager <> sayfi
cottagers <> Cotta
cottages <> evler
cotter <> çivi
cotter <> anaht
cotter <> kama
cotters <> kamal
cotton <> anlaş
cotton <> dost
cotton <> koton
cotton <> pamuk
cottons <> pamuk
cottonseed <> çiğit
cottonseed <> pamuk
cottonseeds <> pamuk
cottontail <> pamuk
cottonwood <> Cotto
cottony <> ince
cottony <> pamuk
cottony <> yumuş
cotunnite <> Kotun
cotyledon <> kotil
cotyledon <> tohum
cotyledons <> kotil
couch <> çömel
couch <> arpay
couch <> astar
couch <> ayrık
couch <> divan
couch <> ifade
couch <> in
couch <> inind
couch <> kanep
couch <> katar
couch <> mızra
couch <> muaye
couch <> nakış
couch <> pusuy
couch <> söyle
couch <> sedir
couch <> yatma
couchant <> yatan
couchant <> yatar
couched <> yatma
couches <> kanep
couchette <> kuşet
couchette <> tren
couching <> Koçlu
cougar <> puma
cough <> öksür
coughed <> öksür
coughing <> öksür
coughs <> öksür
could <> olabi
coulee <> Coule
coulis <> sos
couloir <> sel 
couloir <> tarak
coulomb <> amper
coulomb <> kulom
coulombs <> coulo
coulometric <> kulom
coulometry <> kulom
coulrophobia <> Coulr
coulter <> saban
coulter <> sapan
coumaric <> kumar
coumarin <> kumar
coumarins <> kumar
coumarone <> kumar
council <> divan
council <> konse
council <> kurul
council <> mecli
council <> yönet
councilist <> konse
councillor <> kurul
councillor <> mecli
councillors <> mecli
councillorship <> counc
councilman <> Counc
councilor <> kurul
councilor <> mecli
councilors <> mecli
councils <> konse
counsel <> öğüt
counsel <> akıl
counsel <> avuka
counsel <> düşün
counsel <> danış
counsel <> dava
counsel <> hukuk
counsel <> nasih
counsel <> niyet
counsel <> tavsi
counseled <> bilgi
counseling <> danış
counselled <> bilgi
counselling <> danış
counsellor <> avuka
counsellor <> danış
counsellor <> elçid
counsellor <> müşav
counsellor <> yaz 
counsellors <> danış
counsellorship <> Müşav
counselor <> avuka
counselor <> danış
counselor <> elçid
counselor <> müşav
counselor <> yaz 
counselors <> danış
counsels <> öğütl
count <> önemi
count <> önems
count <> addet
count <> dava
count <> hesab
count <> hesap
count <> iddia
count <> kont
count <> sayı
count <> sayıl
count <> sayma
count <> varsa
countability <> sayıl
countable <> sayıl
countably <> sayıl
countdown <> geri
countdown <> geriy
countdowns <> geri
counted <> sayıl
countenance <> denge
countenance <> deste
countenance <> kontr
countenance <> onama
countenance <> surat
countenance <> teşvi
countenance <> uygun
countenance <> yüz
countenance <> yüz 
counter <> çene
counter <> aksi
counter <> aykır
counter <> count
counter <> fiş
counter <> gişe
counter <> karşı
counter <> kontr
counter <> kontu
counter <> sayaç
counter <> ters
counter <> tezgâ
counter <> zıt
counteract <> etkis
counteract <> karşı
counteracted <> etkis
counteracting <> mücad
counteraction <> etkis
counteraction <> karşı
counteractive <> karşı
counteracts <> denge
counterattack <> karşı
counterattack <> kontr
counterbalance <> eş 
counterbalance <> eşit
counterbalance <> karşı
counterbalanced <> karşı
counterblast <> ters
countercharge <> karşı
countercheck <> engel
countercheck <> reaks
countercheck <> tekra
countercheck <> tepki
counterclaim <> karşı
counterclaims <> karşı
counterclockwise <> saat
countercurrent <> anafo
countercyclical <> konjo
counterdemonstration <> karşı
countered <> karşı
counterespionage <> casus
counterespionage <> karşı
counterfactuals <> Karşı
counterfeit <> kalp
counterfeit <> para
counterfeit <> sahte
counterfeit <> takli
counterfeit <> yapma
counterfeited <> sahte
counterfeiter <> iki 
counterfeiter <> kalpa
counterfeiter <> sahte
counterfeiters <> kalpa
counterfeiting <> Sahte
counterfeiting <> sahte
counterfeits <> sahte
counterflow <> ters
counterfoil <> kâğıd
counterfoil <> koçan
counterfoil <> kupon
counterforce <> karşı
counterfort <> Payan
countering <> karşı
counterintelligence <> karşı
counterintuitively <> Sezgi
counterjumper <> tezgâ
counterman <> tezgâ
countermand <> öncek
countermand <> emri
countermand <> feshe
countermand <> iptâl
countermand <> iptal
countermarch <> geriy
countermarch <> ters
countermeasure <> önlem
countermeasure <> karşı
countermeasures <> karşı
countermotion <> karşı
counteroffensive <> karşı
counteroffer <> karşı
counteroffer <> mukab
counterorder <> karşı
counterorder <> sipar
counterpane <> yatak
counterpart <> akran
counterpart <> benze
counterpart <> eş
counterpart <> emsâl
counterpart <> karşı
counterpart <> mesle
counterpart <> suret
counterparties <> muhat
counterparts <> muadi
counterparty <> karşı
counterplay <> karşı
counterplot <> karşı
counterpoint <> kontr
counterpoint <> melod
counterpoise <> denge
counterpoise <> denk
counterpoise <> eş 
counterpoise <> eşit
counterpoise <> karşı
counterpose <> koyuy
counterpressure <> karşı
counterproductive <> amaca
counterproductive <> ters
counterproductive <> zarar
counterpropaganda <> Aleyh
counterpulsation <> Count
counterrevolution <> karşı
counterrevolutionary <> karşı
counters <> sayaç
countershaft <> ara 
countershaft <> geri
countershaft <> trans
countersign <> ikinc
countersign <> onay
countersign <> onayl
countersign <> parol
countersignature <> ikinc
countersignature <> onay
countersignature <> uygul
countersigned <> imza
countersink <> havşa
countersinking <> havşa
counterspy <> Count
counterstained <> zıt
countersunk <> gömme
countertenor <> kontr
counterterrorism <> terör
countertop <> tezga
countertops <> tezga
countertrade <> karşı
countertransference <> karşı
countervail <> denkl
countervail <> eşit
countervail <> eşitl
countervail <> karşı
countervailing <> munza
counterweigh <> eşit
counterweigh <> karşı
counterweight <> karşı
counterweighted <> Karşı
counterweights <> karşı
counterword <> anlam
counterwork <> önlem
counterwork <> engel
counterwork <> karşı
countess <> konte
counties <> iller
counting <> hesap
counting <> sayım
counting <> sayma
countinghouse <> haber
countinghouse <> muhas
countless <> çok
countless <> sayıs
countour <> Conto
countries <> ülke
countrified <> basit
countrified <> köye
countrified <> köylü
countrified <> kırsa
country <> ülke
country <> arazi
country <> diyar
country <> köy
country <> kırsa
country <> memle
country <> sayfi
country <> taşra
country <> topra
countryhouse <> Count
countryman <> hemşe
countryman <> köylü
countryman <> taşra
countryman <> vatan
countrymen <> Vatan
countryside <> kırsa
countrywide <> ülke
countrywoman <> hemşe
countrywoman <> köylü
countrywoman <> taşra
countrywoman <> vatan
counts <> sayım
county <> eyale
county <> idari
county <> ilçe
county <> il
county <> kont
county <> kontl
county <> vilây
countywide <> ülke
coup <> asker
coup <> başar
coup <> darbe
coup <> hüküm
coupe <> coupe
coupe <> iki 
coupe <> kup
coupe <> spor
coupe <> yarım
coupes <> kupal
couple <> çift
couple <> çiftl
couple <> bağla
couple <> birle
couple <> eş
couple <> eşleş
couple <> iki
couple <> ilişk
couple <> karı
coupled <> çiftl
coupler <> bağla
coupler <> coupl
couplers <> kuplö
couples <> çiftl
couplet <> çift
couplet <> beyit
couplets <> beyit
coupling <> çiftl
coupling <> bağla
coupling <> eşleş
couplings <> kapli
coupon <> bono
coupon <> faiz
coupon <> koçan
coupon <> kupon
couponed <> kupon
couponing <> kupon
coupons <> kupon
coups <> darbe
courage <> cesar
courage <> meden
courage <> yürek
courage <> yiğit
courageous <> cesur
courageous <> gözüp
courageous <> korku
courageous <> yürek
courageous <> yiğit
courageously <> cesur
courageously <> yürek
courageously <> yiğit
courageousness <> cesur
courgette <> dolma
courgettes <> kabak
courier <> özel
courier <> ajan
courier <> haber
courier <> kurye
courier <> rehbe
courier <> ulak
couriers <> kurye
course <> akış
course <> akmak
course <> av 
course <> dökül
course <> ders
course <> dizi
course <> gidiş
course <> köpek
course <> koşma
course <> koştu
course <> kur
course <> pist
course <> rota
course <> süreç
course <> sürgü
course <> sıral
course <> seyir
course <> tabak
course <> yön
coursebook <> ders
coursebooks <> ders
courser <> süvar
courses <> adet
courses <> içeri
courses <> regl
courseware <> ders
coursework <> kurs
coursing <> köpek
coursing <> tazı
court <> aranm
court <> avlu
court <> celse
court <> dar 
court <> davet
court <> hüküm
court <> istem
court <> konak
court <> kort
court <> kur
court <> kur 
court <> mahke
court <> oturu
court <> oyun
court <> salta
court <> saray
court <> topla
court <> yalta
courted <> kur
courteous <> ince
courteous <> kibar
courteous <> nazik
courteous <> saygı
courteously <> nezak
courtesan <> fahiş
courtesan <> sosye
courtesies <> nezak
courtesy <> incel
courtesy <> nezak
courtezan <> fahiş
courtezan <> sosye
courthouse <> adliy
courthouses <> adliy
courtier <> nedim
courtier <> saray
courtiers <> saray
courting <> kur
courting <> kur 
courtly <> dalka
courtly <> kibar
courtly <> saray
courtly <> zarif
courtroom <> Mahke
courtrooms <> mahke
courts <> mahke
courtship <> kur
courtship <> kur 
courtyard <> avlu
courtyards <> avlul
couscous <> kusku
cousin <> kuzen
cousin <> kuzin
cousin <> teyze
cousins <> kuzen
cousinship <> akrab
couter <> Coute
couturier <> desin
couturier <> modac
couturier <> terzi
couturiere <> desin
couturiere <> modac
couturiere <> terzi
couturiers <> modac
covalence <> koval
covalent <> koval
covalently <> koval
covariance <> kovar
covariances <> kovar
covariant <> kovar
covariants <> kovar
covariate <> kovar
covariated <> puanl
covariates <> değiş
covariating <> Edwar
covariation <> Kovar
cove <> ahbap
cove <> barın
cove <> herif
cove <> körfe
cove <> kemer
cove <> kovuk
cove <> koy
cove <> sığın
covelline <> kovel
covellite <> kovel
coven <> cadıl
covenant <> anlaş
covenant <> antla
covenant <> söz 
covenant <> sözle
covenant <> tüzük
covenant <> uzlaş
covenant <> vâât
covenanted <> sözle
covenanter <> Coven
covenanters <> Coven
covenants <> sözle
covent <> Coven
coventrize <> bomba
coventrize <> yerle
cover <> örtü
cover <> örtme
cover <> üzeri
cover <> av 
cover <> bahan
cover <> içerm
cover <> kılıf
cover <> kap
cover <> kapak
cover <> kapam
cover <> kapat
cover <> kaplı
cover <> kapla
cover <> kapsa
cover <> korum
cover <> kuver
cover <> paket
cover <> sığın
cover <> yetme
cover <> zarf
coverage <> haber
coverage <> kapsa
coverage <> sigor
coverages <> sigor
coverall <> tulum
coveralls <> tulum
covered <> örtül
covered <> kapal
covered <> kapat
covered <> kaplı
covered <> kapla
covered <> saklı
coverer <> kapla
covering <> örtü
covering <> örten
covering <> üst
covering <> kabuk
covering <> kapam
covering <> kapla
covering <> korum
covering <> sığın
covering <> tabak
coverings <> kapla
coverlet <> yatak
coverlid <> yatak
covers <> kapak
covert <> örtül
covert <> gizli
covert <> kalın
covert <> sığın
covert <> saklı
covert <> sakla
coverted <> dönüş
coverted <> dönmü
covertly <> gizli
coverts <> örtü
coverture <> kocan
coves <> koyla
covet <> çok 
covet <> gözü
covet <> gıpta
covet <> imren
covetable <> çok 
covetable <> arzu
covetous <> aç
covetous <> açgöz
covetous <> hırsl
covetous <> istek
covetousness <> açgöz
covetousness <> hırsl
covetousness <> tamah
covey <> aynı
covey <> famil
covey <> kuş 
covey <> sürü
covey <> takım
coving <> Pahla
covings <> gözen
covins <> Covin
cow <> büyük
cow <> inek
cow <> korku
cow <> sindi
cow <> yıldı
cowan <> Cowan
coward <> ödlek
coward <> korka
coward <> taban
cowardice <> alçak
cowardice <> korka
cowardliness <> korka
cowardly <> ödlek
cowardly <> alçak
cowardly <> korka
cowardly <> namer
cowardly <> yürek
cowards <> korka
cowberry <> kırmı
cowboy <> kovbo
cowboy <> sığır
cowboy <> usta
cowboys <> kovbo
cower <> çökme
cower <> çömel
cower <> dizle
cower <> korku
cowered <> sinmi
cowgate <> Cowga
cowgirls <> Cowgi
cowherd <> kovbo
cowherd <> sığır
cowhide <> meşin
cowhide <> sığır
cowhouse <> ahır
cowl <> baca
cowl <> kapla
cowl <> kukul
cowl <> motor
cowl <> rahip
cowling <> kaput
cowling <> motor
cowlings <> kapor
cowman <> çiftl
cowman <> çoban
cowman <> hayva
cowman <> sığır
coworker <> iş
coworkers <> arkad
cowpat <> gübre
cowpat <> sığır
cowpea <> Börül
cowpeas <> börül
cowper <> Cowpe
cowpox <> sığır
cowpuncher <> kovbo
cowrie <> deniz
cowrie <> tropi
cowry <> deniz
cowry <> tropi
cows <> inekl
cowshed <> ahır
cowshed <> mandı
cowskin <> Cowsk
cowslip <> çuhaç
cox <> dümen
cox <> serdü
coxa <> koksa
coxcomb <> bobst
coxcomb <> horoz
coxcomb <> züppe
coxiella <> Coxie
coxofemoral <> Kokso
coxsackieviruses <> coxsa
coxswain <> dümen
coxswain <> filik
coy <> çekin
coy <> nazlı
coy <> utang
coyness <> çekin
coyness <> naz
coyness <> utang
coyote <> çakal
coyote <> kır 
coypu <> Şili
coze <> Yumuş
cozen <> aklın
cozen <> dolan
cozen <> kandı
cozen <> kopar
cozen <> zorla
cozens <> Cozen
cozy <> çayda
cozy <> ev 
cozy <> keyif
cozy <> konfo
cozy <> rahat
cozy <> sıcac
crab <> Yenge
crab <> berba
crab <> her 
crab <> homur
crab <> kusur
crab <> mızmı
crab <> pavur
crab <> sızla
crab <> uçağı
crab <> vinç
crab <> yüzün
crab <> yenge
crabbed <> aksi
crabbed <> darma
crabbed <> huysu
crabbed <> karga
crabbed <> karma
crabbed <> okuna
crabbed <> ters
crabbing <> krabl
crabby <> aksi
crabby <> darma
crabby <> huysu
crabby <> karma
crabs <> açar
crabs <> iki 
crabs <> yenge
crack <> çökme
crack <> çatır
crack <> çatal
crack <> çatla
crack <> çene
crack <> özür
crack <> şakla
crack <> şidde
crack <> aralı
crack <> as
crack <> birin
crack <> denem
crack <> espri
crack <> kırma
crack <> patla
crack <> vuruş
crack <> yarıl
crackable <> kırıl
crackdown <> baskı
crackdown <> sıkı
cracked <> çatla
cracked <> kırık
cracked <> kaçık
cracker <> biskü
cracker <> fişek
cracker <> kırac
cracker <> krake
crackerjack <> Crack
crackers <> çatla
crackers <> deli
crackers <> krake
crackhouse <> Crack
cracking <> çatla
crackings <> çatla
crackjaw <> şaşır
crackjaw <> söyle
crackle <> çıtır
crackle <> çatır
crackle <> çatla
crackles <> ralle
crackling <> çatır
crackling <> hışır
crackling <> jambo
crackly <> gevre
cracknel <> gevre
cracknel <> krakn
crackpot <> çılgı
crackpot <> ilgin
cracks <> çatla
cracksman <> ev 
cracksman <> hırsı
cracksman <> kasa
cracksman <> soygu
cracky <> çatla
cracky <> deli
cradle <> özenl
cradle <> başla
cradle <> beşiğ
cradle <> beşik
cradle <> gemi
cradle <> kırık
cradle <> kızak
cradle <> sakın
cradle <> tırpa
cradle <> yetiş
cradles <> beşik
cradling <> kucağ
craft <> becer
craft <> gemi
craft <> hüner
craft <> hile
craft <> sanat
craft <> uçak
craft <> zanaa
crafted <> hazır
crafter <> Craft
craftiness <> şeyta
craftiness <> kurna
crafting <> işçil
craftmanship <> işçil
crafts <> el
crafts <> el 
craftsman <> sanat
craftsman <> usta
craftsmanship <> hüner
craftsmanship <> ince
craftsmanship <> sanat
craftsmanship <> ustal
craftsmen <> ustal
craftsmenship <> el
craftspeople <> zanaa
craftsperson <> zanaa
crafty <> şeyta
crafty <> düzen
crafty <> kurna
crafty <> tilki
crag <> kayal
crag <> uçuru
craggy <> kayal
craggy <> sarp
craggy <> yontu
crags <> Crags
cragsman <> dağcı
craigs <> Craig
crail <> Crail
cram <> inekl
cram <> izdih
cram <> kalab
cram <> sınav
cram <> semir
cram <> tıkış
cram <> tıkın
cram <> tıka
cram <> tıkma
crammer <> acele
crammer <> hızla
crammer <> hazır
cramming <> tıkın
cramp <> engel
cramp <> kısıt
cramp <> kenet
cramp <> kramp
cramp <> menge
cramp <> tutma
cramped <> kasıl
cramped <> kramp
cramped <> okuna
cramped <> sıkış
crampfish <> torpi
crampfish <> uyuşt
cramping <> kramp
crampon <> çivi
crampon <> kenet
crampon <> kramp
crampon <> menge
crampon <> tırma
crampons <> kramp
crampoon <> çivi
crampoon <> kenet
crampoon <> kramp
crampoon <> menge
crampoon <> tırma
cramps <> kramp
crams <> CRAMS
cranage <> Crana
cranberries <> kızıl
cranberry <> kızıl
crandallite <> Krand
crane <> sifon
crane <> turna
crane <> vinç
cranes <> vinçl
crania <> kafat
cranial <> kafat
craniectomy <> krani
craning <> vinç
craniocerebral <> krani
craniofacial <> krani
craniology <> kafab
craniology <> krani
craniopharyngioma <> krani
craniopharyngiomas <> krani
cranioplasty <> krany
craniospinal <> krani
craniosynostosis <> Krani
craniotomies <> krani
craniotomy <> krani
craniovertebral <> krani
cranium <> kafa
cranium <> kafat
craniums <> kafa
craniums <> kafat
crank <> acayi
crank <> denge
crank <> güçsü
crank <> gevşe
crank <> huysu
crank <> kelim
crank <> kol
crank <> krank
crank <> laçka
crank <> maniv
crank <> sabit
crank <> sapla
crank <> takın
crankcase <> karte
crankcases <> karte
cranked <> krank
crankiness <> acayi
crankiness <> garip
crankiness <> huysu
cranking <> marş
cranks <> krank
crankshaft <> krank
crankshafts <> krank
cranky <> denge
cranky <> garip
cranky <> huysu
cranky <> laçka
cranky <> ters
cranky <> tuhaf
crannies <> yarık
cranny <> çatla
cranny <> kuytu
cranny <> sığın
cranny <> yarık
crans <> Crans
crap <> çerçö
crap <> ıvır
crap <> bok
crap <> pisli
crap <> sıçma
crape <> krep
crape <> krepo
crape <> matem
crappiest <> bokta
crappy <> berba
crappy <> bokta
crappy <> bombo
crappy <> rezil
craps <> kreps
crapulence <> akşam
crapulence <> mide
crapulence <> sarho
crash <> çarpm
crash <> çatır
crash <> batma
crash <> düşme
crash <> davet
crash <> gürül
crash <> iflas
crash <> kırıl
crash <> kaza
crash <> parça
crash <> sabah
crash <> yoğun
crashed <> çöktü
crashers <> davet
crashes <> çöküy
crashing <> hızlı
crashing <> kilit
crashing <> seri
crashing <> yoğun
crashworthiness <> darbe
crass <> ahmak
crass <> bön
crass <> danga
crass <> hissi
crass <> kaba
crassness <> ahmak
crassness <> danga
crassness <> kabal
crassness <> kalın
crataegus <> Crata
crate <> büyük
crate <> küfe
crate <> küfel
crate <> kasa
crate <> kasay
crate <> sandı
crated <> kasal
crater <> bomba
crater <> krate
cratered <> krate
craters <> krate
crates <> kasal
crating <> kutul
craton <> Crato
cravat <> boyun
cravat <> eşarp
cravat <> krava
cravats <> krava
crave <> çok 
crave <> can 
crave <> hasre
crave <> yalva
craven <> korka
craven <> namer
cravens <> Crave
craving <> özlem
craving <> arzu
craving <> hasre
craw <> kursa
craw <> mide
crawfish <> istak
crawfish <> kerev
crawfoot <> Crawf
crawl <> ağır
crawl <> dolu
crawl <> emekl
crawl <> karın
crawl <> kaynı
crawl <> krol
crawl <> sürün
crawl <> taram
crawl <> yağ 
crawl <> yavaş
crawled <> sürün
crawler <> böcek
crawler <> bebek
crawler <> krol
crawler <> palet
crawler <> sümük
crawler <> sürün
crawler <> yağcı
crawler <> yalta
crawlers <> taray
crawling <> emekl
crawlspace <> Crawl
crawly <> ürküt
crawly <> tüyle
crayfish <> istak
crayfish <> kerev
crayola <> Crayo
crayon <> ana 
crayon <> mum
crayon <> mum 
crayon <> renkl
crayons <> boya
craze <> çılgı
craze <> çatla
craze <> delir
craze <> moda
craze <> rağbe
crazed <> çılgı
crazed <> deliy
crazed <> heyec
crazier <> çılgı
crazies <> Crazi
craziest <> çılgı
crazily <> delic
craziness <> çılgı
craziness <> delil
crazing <> çizik
crazy <> çıldı
crazy <> çılgı
crazy <> aptal
crazy <> deli
crazy <> derme
crazy <> karma
crazy <> mecnu
crazy <> salak
creak <> çatır
creak <> gıcır
creaked <> gıcır
creaking <> gıcır
creaky <> şüphe
creaky <> gıcır
creaky <> harap
creaky <> kuşku
cream <> çırpm
cream <> öz
cream <> bej
cream <> boşal
cream <> en 
cream <> köpür
cream <> kayma
cream <> krem
cream <> krema
cream <> suyun
cream <> tatmi
cream <> yorma
creamed <> krema
creamery <> mandı
creamery <> sütçü
creamery <> sütha
creaming <> krema
creams <> kreml
creamy <> kayma
creamy <> krems
crease <> ütü 
crease <> buruş
crease <> ceza
crease <> kırış
crease <> kıvrı
crease <> katıl
crease <> kat 
crease <> katla
crease <> pli
crease <> pli 
crease <> pot
crease <> sıyır
creased <> buruş
creased <> katlı
creaseless <> Kırış
creases <> kırış
creasing <> katla
creasy <> Creas
create <> atama
create <> meyda
create <> neden
create <> oluşt
create <> yapma
create <> yarat
create <> yetki
created <> hazır
createdst <> yarat
creates <> oluşt
createth <> yarat
creatin <> kreat
creatine <> kreat
creating <> oluşt
creatinin <> kreat
creatinine <> kreat
creation <> alem
creation <> atama
creation <> buluş
creation <> dünya
creation <> eser
creation <> evren
creation <> hilka
creation <> kreas
creation <> oluşt
creation <> oluşu
creation <> yarad
creationism <> Yarat
creationist <> yarat
creationists <> yarat
creations <> kreas
creative <> neden
creative <> oluşt
creative <> yarat
creatively <> yarat
creativeness <> yarat
creatives <> rekla
creativities <> yarat
creativity <> yarat
creator <> kreat
creator <> kuruc
creator <> yarat
creators <> yarat
creature <> alet
creature <> kul
creature <> varlı
creature <> yarat
creatures <> yarat
creche <> Hazre
creche <> kreş
creche <> yuva
creches <> Kreş
credence <> güven
credence <> inanç
credence <> itima
credential <> Kimli
credentials <> güven
credentials <> itima
credentials <> kimli
credentials <> refer
credibility <> güven
credible <> güven
credible <> inanı
credible <> inand
credibly <> inand
credit <> alaca
credit <> beğen
credit <> emniy
credit <> güven
credit <> hesap
credit <> inanm
credit <> itiba
credit <> kazan
credit <> kredi
credit <> saygı
credit <> vade
credit <> yatır
creditable <> beğen
creditable <> güven
creditable <> itiba
credited <> alaca
credited <> itiba
crediting <> kredi
creditor <> alaca
creditor <> kredi
creditors <> alaca
credits <> filmi
credits <> kredi
creditworthiness <> kredi
creditworthy <> kredi
crednerite <> Kredn
credo <> ament
credo <> iman
credo <> inanç
credulity <> her 
credulity <> saflı
credulous <> her 
credulous <> saf
creed <> öğret
creed <> iman
creed <> inanç
creed <> itika
creed <> mezhe
creedite <> Kredi
creek <> çay
creek <> dere
creek <> küçük
creek <> koy
creeks <> dere
creekside <> Creek
creel <> balık
creep <> ürper
creep <> emekl
creep <> kayma
creep <> sürün
creep <> sığın
creep <> sızın
creep <> sızma
creep <> sarıl
creep <> sevil
creep <> sokul
creep <> topra
creep <> yalta
creep <> yayıl
creep <> yuva
creepage <> akım
creepage <> dağıl
creepage <> kayma
creepage <> sızın
creepage <> yayıl
creeper <> dalka
creeper <> kramp
creeper <> sürün
creeper <> sarma
creeper <> tırma
creeper <> yalta
creepers <> bebek
creepeth <> sürün
creeping <> ürper
creeping <> emekl
creeping <> sürün
creeping <> sarma
creeps <> sürün
creepshow <> Creep
creepy <> ürper
creepy <> emekl
creepy <> sürün
creepy <> sokul
cremasteric <> krema
cremate <> ölü
cremate <> ölü 
cremated <> yakıl
cremation <> ölü
cremation <> ölü 
cremator <> Crema
crematoria <> krema
crematorium <> ölü 
crematorium <> krema
crematory <> krema
creme <> krem
creme <> likör
cremes <> Kreml
cremona <> Cremo
cremorne <> Cremo
crenarchaeota <> Crena
crenate <> çenti
crenate <> kenar
crenated <> çenti
crenated <> kenar
crenel <> kale
crenel <> mazga
crenelate <> mazga
crenelated <> mazga
crenellate <> mazga
crenellated <> mazga
crenellation <> mazga
crenshaw <> Crens
crenulation <> Büklü
creola <> CREOL
creoles <> Kreol
creosote <> katra
creosote <> kreoz
crepe <> bürüm
crepe <> krep
creped <> krepo
crepes <> krep
crepitate <> çatır
crepitation <> çatır
crepitation <> hırıl
crepon <> CREPO
crept <> süzül
crepuscular <> alaca
crepusculum <> Crepu
crescendo <> artar
crescendo <> hızla
crescendo <> kreşe
crescent <> İslam
crescent <> Türk
crescent <> ayça
crescent <> ay 
crescent <> büyüm
crescent <> geliş
crescent <> hilâl
crescent <> yeni
crescentic <> krese
crescents <> hilal
cresol <> kreso
cress <> tere
cresset <> fener
cresset <> kandi
cresset <> meşal
cressier <> Cress
cressy <> Cress
crest <> arma
crest <> dalga
crest <> doruk
crest <> ibik
crest <> sorgu
crest <> tepe
crest <> zirve
cresta <> Crest
crested <> antet
crested <> armal
crested <> ibikl
crested <> sorgu
crested <> tepel
crestfallen <> üzgün
crestfallen <> başı
crestfallen <> düş 
crestline <> Crest
creston <> Hilal
crests <> Crest
crestview <> Crest
creta <> Creta
cretaceous <> Mesoz
cretaceous <> kreta
cretaceous <> tebeş
cretin <> ahmak
cretin <> aptal
cretin <> krete
cretin <> salak
cretin <> zekâ
cretinism <> fizik
cretinism <> kreti
cretinous <> kreti
cretinous <> miski
cretonne <> kalın
cretonne <> kreto
cretors <> Creto
creutzfeldt <> Creut
crevasse <> çatla
crevasse <> yarık
crevice <> çatla
crevice <> gedik
crevice <> yarık
crevices <> yarık
crevicular <> oluğu
crew <> ekip
crew <> izci
crew <> müret
crew <> sürü
crew <> tayfa
crewe <> Crewe
crewed <> müret
crewel <> Crewe
crewmember <> uçuş
crewmembers <> müret
crewmen <> müret
crews <> müret
crib <> çalma
crib <> çocuk
crib <> aşırm
crib <> ahırı
crib <> ahır
crib <> ahıra
crib <> beşik
crib <> bebek
crib <> ev
crib <> kopya
crib <> kulüb
crib <> yemli
cribbage <> bir
cribbage <> bir 
cribbing <> kopya
cribriform <> delik
cribriform <> kalbu
cric <> Cric
crick <> adale
crick <> boyun
crick <> tutul
cricket <> cırcı
cricket <> krike
cricketer <> krike
cricketers <> Krike
crickets <> cırcı
cricoid <> kriko
cricoid <> yüzük
cricothyroid <> kriko
cricothyroidotomy <> kriko
cried <> diye
crier <> duyur
crier <> haykı
crier <> ilan
crier <> tella
cries <> ağlay
crikey <> Crike
crim <> Crim
crime <> aptal
crime <> cezal
crime <> cinay
crime <> sabık
crime <> suç
crime <> suçlu
crime <> yüz 
crimen <> Crime
crimes <> suçla
criminal <> canic
criminal <> ceza
criminal <> cinay
criminal <> sabık
criminal <> suç 
criminal <> suçlu
criminalisation <> suçlu
criminalise <> suç
criminalise <> suç 
criminalised <> suç
criminalises <> suç
criminalising <> suç
criminalist <> krimi
criminalistic <> krimi
criminalistics <> Krimi
criminality <> suç
criminality <> suçlu
criminalization <> suçlu
criminalize <> suç
criminalize <> suç 
criminalized <> suç
criminalizes <> suç
criminalizing <> suç
criminally <> suçlu
criminals <> suçlu
criminate <> itham
criminate <> suçla
crimination <> suçla
criminological <> krimi
criminologist <> krimi
criminologists <> krimi
criminology <> krimi
criminology <> suçbi
crimp <> asker
crimp <> dalga
crimp <> durdu
crimp <> engel
crimp <> kıvır
crimp <> kıvrı
crimp <> katla
crimp <> lüle
crimp <> mani
crimp <> yarma
crimp <> zorla
crimpers <> kıvır
crimping <> Sıkma
crims <> Kazan
crimson <> kıpkı
crimson <> kırmı
crimson <> kızar
crimson <> koyu
cringe <> korku
cringe <> sinme
cringe <> yalak
cringe <> yalta
cringing <> dalka
cringing <> yalak
cringing <> yalta
crinite <> kıllı
crinite <> saçlı
crinkle <> buruş
crinkle <> hışır
crinkle <> kırış
crinkly <> buruş
crinkly <> kırış
crinkly <> kıvrı
crinoid <> deniz
crinoidal <> Crino
crinoidea <> Deniz
crinoids <> krino
crinoline <> çembe
crinoline <> kabar
criollo <> Criol
crip <> Crip
cripple <> felce
cripple <> kötür
cripple <> sakat
cripple <> topal
cripple <> zayıf
crippled <> eli 
crippled <> kötür
crippled <> sakat
crippled <> topal
cripples <> çalka
crippling <> felce
crips <> cips
crise <> kriz
crises <> kriz
crisis <> buhra
crisis <> bunal
crisis <> dönüm
crisis <> kriz
crisises <> krizl
crisp <> çıtır
crisp <> canlı
crisp <> dalga
crisp <> gıcır
crisp <> gevre
crisp <> kırış
crisp <> kıtır
crisp <> kıvır
crisp <> kıvrı
crisp <> taze
crisp <> zinde
crispbread <> Gevre
crispening <> gider
crisper <> sebze
crispin <> Crisp
crispiness <> çıtır
crispness <> canlı
crispness <> gevre
crispness <> körpe
crispness <> tazel
crispness <> zinde
crisps <> cips
crisps <> patat
crispy <> çıtır
crispy <> canlı
crispy <> canla
crispy <> gevre
crispy <> kırış
crispy <> kıvır
crispy <> zinde
crisscross <> çapra
crisscross <> aksin
crisscross <> tersi
crisscrossed <> çapra
crisscrosses <> çapra
crista <> Crist
cristae <> krist
cristobalite <> krist
criteria <> krite
criterial <> model
criterion <> ölçüt
criterion <> ayırı
criterion <> kısta
criterion <> krite
criterions <> krite
criterium <> krite
crith <> Crith
critic <> eleşt
critic <> karşı
critic <> kusur
critic <> muhal
critical <> ciddi
critical <> eleşt
critical <> hassa
critical <> kriti
critical <> titiz
criticality <> kriti
critically <> Kriti
critically <> ciddi
criticise <> eleşt
criticise <> kriti
criticise <> kusur
criticise <> tenki
criticised <> eleşt
criticises <> eleşt
criticising <> eleşt
criticism <> eleşt
criticism <> kınam
criticism <> tenki
criticisms <> eleşt
criticists <> eleşt
criticize <> eleşt
criticize <> kriti
criticize <> kusur
criticize <> tenki
criticized <> eleşt
criticizers <> eleşt
criticizes <> eleşt
criticizing <> eleşt
critics <> eleşt
critique <> eleşt
critiqued <> eleşt
critiques <> eleşt
critiquing <> eleşt
critisize <> eleşt
critisize <> kriti
critisize <> kusur
critisize <> tenki
critisized <> eleşt
critisizes <> eleşt
critisizing <> eleşt
critter <> mahlu
critter <> varlı
critter <> yarat
critters <> Critt
croak <> öldür
croak <> ölmek
croak <> şom 
croak <> boğuk
croak <> ferti
croak <> gakla
croak <> karam
croak <> karga
croak <> kurba
croak <> vakla
croaker <> şarla
croaker <> şom 
croaker <> karam
croaking <> Croak
croaky <> boğuk
croaky <> karga
croaky <> kurba
crocetin <> krose
crochet <> kroşe
crochet <> tığ
crochet <> tığ 
crocheted <> tığ
crochets <> Kroşe
crocin <> krosi
crock <> çömle
crock <> aciz
crock <> güveç
crock <> külüs
crock <> sakat
crock <> saksı
crock <> topra
crock <> yaşlı
crocker <> Crock
crockery <> çanak
crocodile <> ikişe
crocodile <> kroko
crocodile <> timsa
crocodiles <> timsa
crocodilia <> Kroko
crocodylus <> Croco
crocoisite <> Kroko
crocoite <> Kroko
crocus <> çiğde
crocus <> demir
crocus <> safra
crocuses <> çiğde
croft <> eve 
croft <> küçük
crofter <> çiftç
crofter <> küçük
crofts <> Croft
croise <> crois
croissant <> ay 
croissant <> kruas
croissant <> kruva
croissants <> kruva
crome <> krom
cromlech <> üç 
cromlech <> dolme
cromolyn <> kromo
crone <> kocak
crone <> yaşlı
cronstedtite <> Krons
crony <> dost
crony <> kafad
crony <> yakın
crook <> çoban
crook <> bükül
crook <> bükme
crook <> dolan
crook <> kıvır
crook <> kanca
crook <> pisko
crook <> sahte
crookback <> kambu
crooked <> çökmü
crooked <> çarpı
crooked <> defor
crooked <> dolan
crooked <> eğri
crooked <> hilek
crooked <> karga
crooked <> sahte
crooked <> yamuk
crookedest <> eğri
crookedness <> çarpı
crookedness <> eğril
crooker <> Crook
crookesite <> Kroke
crooks <> Crook
croon <> şarkı
croon <> mırıl
crooned <> mırıl
crooner <> mırıl
crop <> ürün
crop <> biçme
crop <> dikme
crop <> ekin
crop <> ekip
crop <> ekmek
crop <> hasat
crop <> işlem
crop <> kırpm
crop <> kısa
crop <> kalab
crop <> kesme
crop <> kursa
crop <> mahsu
crop <> otlam
crop <> verim
crop <> yemek
cropland <> tarla
cropped <> kırpı
cropper <> başar
cropper <> bozgu
cropper <> ekin
cropper <> kursa
cropper <> yıkım
cropping <> kırpm
croppings <> kırpı
crops <> bitki
croque <> Croqu
croquet <> kroke
croquet <> tahta
croquette <> kroke
croquette <> patat
croquette <> top 
croquettes <> kroke
croquis <> Kroki
crosier <> pisko
cross <> çapra
cross <> üst 
cross <> aksi
cross <> artı
cross <> bozma
cross <> dörty
cross <> düzen
cross <> darıl
cross <> dargı
cross <> dert
cross <> engel
cross <> geçme
cross <> haç
cross <> haç 
cross <> hile
cross <> hilek
cross <> kızgı
cross <> karşı
cross <> kesiş
cross <> melez
crossability <> Dört
crossable <> geçil
crossbar <> engel
crossbar <> enine
crossbar <> kale
crossbar <> kol
crossbar <> kol 
crossbars <> sürgü
crossbeam <> kuşak
crossbench <> bağım
crossbench <> taraf
crossbill <> çapra
crossbills <> çapra
crossbite <> çapra
crossbones <> çapra
crossbones <> ölüm
crossbow <> yaylı
crossbows <> yayın
crossbred <> kırma
crossbred <> melez
crossbreds <> Melez
crossbreed <> çapra
crossbreed <> melez
crossbreeding <> melez
crossbreeds <> melez
crosscheck <> karşı
crosscheck <> sağla
crosscourt <> çapra
crosscultural <> kültü
crosscurrent <> ters
crosscurrent <> zıt 
crosscut <> enine
crosscutting <> kesen
crosse <> Cross
crossed <> geçti
crosses <> çarpı
crossfading <> çapra
crossfertilize <> çapra
crossfertilize <> bitki
crossfertilize <> dışar
crossfire <> Cross
crosshair <> Cross
crosshairs <> Çapra
crosshatching <> cross
crosshatching <> taram
crosshead <> sütun
crossheading <> sütun
crossing <> deniz
crossing <> geçit
crossing <> kesit
crossings <> geçit
crosslight <> yan
crosslight <> yan 
crosslink <> çapra
crosslinked <> çapra
crosslinking <> çapra
crosslinks <> çapra
crossmatching <> Çapra
crossness <> aksil
crossness <> huysu
crossness <> kızgı
crossness <> tersl
crossover <> aşma
crossover <> atlam
crossover <> değiş
crossover <> geçit
crossover <> genet
crossovers <> geçit
crosspatch <> aksi
crosspatch <> huysu
crosspoint <> Cross
crosspost <> Cross
crossreference <> Çapra
crossroad <> dönüm
crossroad <> kavşa
crossroad <> yan 
crossroads <> dönüm
crossroads <> dörty
crossroads <> kavşa
crosssectional <> kesit
crosssections <> kesit
crosstalk <> karış
crosstown <> Cross
crosswalk <> yaya
crossway <> kavşa
crossways <> çapra
crossways <> aykır
crosswind <> kesiş
crosswise <> çapra
crosswise <> aykır
crosswise <> enine
crossword <> çapra
crossword <> bulma
crossword <> kare
crosswords <> Bulma
crotalus <> Crota
crotch <> çatal
crotch <> ağ 
crotch <> panto
crotchet <> dörtl
crotchet <> delil
crotchet <> garip
crotchet <> merak
crotchety <> acayi
crotchety <> aksi
crotchety <> garip
crotchety <> huysu
croton <> kroto
crouch <> çökme
crouch <> çömel
crouch <> büzül
crouch <> sinme
crouched <> çömel
croucher <> Crouc
crouching <> çömel
croup <> but
croup <> krup
croupe <> but
croupier <> krupi
croupier <> kumar
croupiers <> krupi
crouse <> Crous
crouton <> kızar
croutons <> kruto
crouzon <> Crouz
crow <> çığlı
crow <> ötmek
crow <> övünm
crow <> hava
crow <> haval
crow <> horoz
crow <> karga
crow <> sevin
crow <> zenci
crowbar <> kazay
crowbar <> kol 
crowd <> çoklu
crowd <> üşüşm
crowd <> ısrar
crowd <> arkad
crowd <> bıktı
crowd <> cemaa
crowd <> doldu
crowd <> izdih
crowd <> kalab
crowd <> sürü
crowd <> sıkış
crowd <> topla
crowd <> toplu
crowd <> yığın
crowded <> dolu
crowded <> kalab
crowded <> olayl
crowded <> sıkış
crowdedness <> kalab
crowder <> Crowd
crowding <> Kalab
crowds <> kalab
crowfoot <> düğün
crowfoot <> göz
crowfoot <> göz 
crowing <> ötüş
crowing <> ötme
crown <> çelen
crown <> ödüll
crown <> beş 
crown <> dama
crown <> doruğ
crown <> hüküm
crown <> kafas
crown <> kapla
crown <> süsle
crown <> taç
crown <> taç 
crown <> taht
crown <> tepe
crown <> zirve
crowned <> taç
crowned <> taç 
crowning <> en 
crowning <> parla
crowning <> taç 
crowns <> kron
crows <> karga
croze <> Croze
crozier <> Crozi
cruces <> Cruce
crucial <> çetre
crucial <> çok
crucial <> çok 
crucial <> haç
crucial <> kriti
crucial <> zor
crucially <> en
cruciate <> çapra
crucible <> pota
crucible <> zorlu
crucibles <> potal
cruciferous <> turpg
crucified <> çarmı
crucifier <> Cruci
crucifies <> çarmı
crucifix <> Hazre
crucifix <> haç
crucifixes <> haçla
crucifixion <> çarmı
cruciform <> haç
cruciform <> haç 
crucify <> çarmı
crucify <> bastı
crucify <> işken
crud <> çöp
crud <> pisli
crud <> rezil
crude <> basit
crude <> cırla
crude <> ham
crude <> işlen
crude <> ilkel
crude <> kaba
crude <> nezak
crude <> yavan
crudely <> kabac
crudeness <> hamlı
crudeness <> kabal
cruder <> ham
crudes <> ham
crudites <> Peyni
crudity <> hamlı
crudity <> kabal
crudity <> tatsı
crudity <> yavan
cruel <> acıma
cruel <> gadda
cruel <> hissi
cruel <> korku
cruel <> merha
cruel <> zalim
cruel <> zor
cruelest <> acıma
cruellest <> azgın
cruelly <> aşırı
cruelly <> son 
cruelties <> zulmü
cruelty <> acıma
cruelty <> cefa
cruelty <> gadda
cruelty <> işken
cruelty <> zulüm
cruet <> şişe
crufts <> Cruft
cruise <> ağır
cruise <> gemi
cruise <> seyir
cruise <> turis
cruise <> yol 
cruiser <> hızlı
cruiser <> kamar
cruiser <> kruva
cruisers <> kruva
cruiserweight <> Cruis
cruises <> yolcu
cruising <> seyir
cruising <> uçuş
cruising <> yolcu
cruller <> kızar
crumb <> değer
crumb <> galet
crumb <> kırın
crumb <> ufala
crumb <> zerre
crumble <> düşme
crumble <> parça
crumble <> ufala
crumble <> yıkıl
crumbled <> ufala
crumbles <> parça
crumbling <> dağıl
crumbling <> ufala
crumbly <> dağıl
crumbly <> ufala
crumbs <> kırın
crumby <> ufala
crumby <> un 
crumpet <> fıstı
crumpet <> kızar
crumpet <> seksi
crumple <> çöker
crumple <> çökme
crumple <> buruş
crumple <> düşme
crumple <> devir
crumple <> kırış
crumpled <> buruş
crumpler <> Crump
crumples <> uçtuğ
crunch <> çıkma
crunch <> çıtır
crunch <> çatır
crunch <> çiğne
crunch <> ezmek
crunch <> hışır
crunch <> kıtır
crunch <> zor 
crunched <> Crunc
cruncher <> Crunc
crunches <> egzer
crunchy <> çıtır
crunchy <> gevre
crunchy <> kıtır
crunked <> Crunk
crupper <> at 
crupper <> kusku
crural <> bacağ
crus <> bacak
crusade <> haçlı
crusade <> mücâd
crusade <> savaş
crusader <> haçlı
crusader <> mücâd
crusaders <> Haçlı
crusades <> Haçlı
crusading <> Haçlı
cruse <> küp
cruse <> testi
cruse <> topra
crush <> öğütm
crush <> aşk
crush <> baskı
crush <> buruş
crush <> ezme
crush <> ezmek
crush <> itişm
crush <> kırıl
crush <> kahre
crush <> kalab
crush <> meyve
crush <> parça
crush <> sıkış
crush <> sıkma
crush <> tutku
crushable <> buruş
crushable <> kırış
crushed <> öğütü
crushed <> ezik
crushed <> ezilm
crushed <> sıkıl
crusher <> öğütü
crusher <> darbe
crusher <> kırıc
crusher <> sıkma
crusher <> vuruş
crushers <> kırıc
crushing <> ezici
crushing <> ezme
crushing <> mahve
crushproof <> çarpm
crusies <> yolcu
crust <> arsız
crust <> buz 
crust <> kabuk
crust <> kuru
crust <> tortu
crust <> yüzsü
crustacea <> eklem
crustacean <> kabuk
crustaceans <> kabuk
crustal <> kabuk
crustation <> Crust
crusted <> aşırı
crusted <> antik
crusted <> eski
crusted <> kabuk
crusted <> koyu
crusted <> tortu
crusting <> kabuk
crusts <> kabuk
crusty <> asabi
crusty <> haşin
crusty <> huysu
crusty <> kıtır
crusty <> kabuğ
crusty <> kabuk
crusty <> sert
crutch <> deste
crutch <> koltu
crutcher <> Crutc
crutches <> koltu
crux <> çözüm
crux <> Güney
crux <> düğüm
crux <> mesel
crux <> püf
crux <> püf 
crux <> temel
cruzado <> Cruza
cry <> çığlı
cry <> ağlam
cry <> bağır
cry <> ferya
cry <> haykı
cry <> nara
cry <> nida
cry <> ses
cry <> sesle
cry <> sloga
cry <> yalva
crybaby <> mızmı
crybaby <> sulug
cryer <> Cryer
crying <> ağlay
crying <> acil
crying <> apaçı
crying <> göze
crying <> iğren
crying <> ivedi
cryoablation <> kriyo
cryogen <> dondu
cryogen <> soğut
cryogenic <> kriyo
cryogenics <> kriyo
cryolite <> kriyo
cryonic <> Cryon
cryonics <> Cryon
cryoprecipitate <> kriyo
cryopreservation <> kriyo
cryopreserved <> kriyo
cryopreserving <> dondu
cryoprobe <> kriyo
cryoprotectant <> kriyo
cryoprotectants <> kriyo
cryostat <> kriyo
cryosurgery <> kriyo
cryotherapy <> kriyo
crypt <> crypt
crypt <> eskid
crypt <> kilis
cryptal <> Crypt
cryptanalysis <> kript
cryptanalytic <> kript
crypted <> kript
cryptic <> şifre
cryptic <> esrar
cryptic <> gizli
cryptical <> şifre
cryptical <> esrar
cryptical <> gizli
cryptically <> gizem
cryptitis <> kript
crypto <> kript
cryptococcal <> kript
cryptococcosis <> kript
cryptococcus <> Crypt
cryptocoryne <> Crypt
cryptocrystalline <> kript
cryptogam <> çiçek
cryptogamic <> Tohum
cryptogenic <> kript
cryptogram <> şifre
cryptogram <> kript
cryptograph <> şifre
cryptograph <> kript
cryptographic <> kript
cryptographically <> kript
cryptography <> kript
cryptological <> kript
cryptologist <> kript
cryptology <> kript
crypton <> Crypt
cryptoperthite <> Kript
cryptorchid <> kript
cryptorchidism <> kript
cryptorchism <> kript
cryptorhynchus <> Crypt
cryptosystem <> şifre
cryptosystems <> şifre
cryptozoic <> Kript
crypts <> Crypt
crystal <> şeffa
crystal <> açık
crystal <> berra
crystal <> billu
crystal <> kesme
crystal <> krist
crystal <> parla
crystal <> saat
crystalised <> Cryst
crystalize <> belir
crystalized <> krist
crystalled <> krist
crystallin <> krist
crystalline <> şeffa
crystalline <> berra
crystalline <> krist
crystallinity <> krist
crystallisation <> krist
crystallise <> belir
crystallise <> billu
crystallise <> krist
crystallised <> krist
crystallises <> krist
crystallising <> Krist
crystallites <> krist
crystallization <> krist
crystallizations <> krist
crystallize <> belir
crystallize <> billu
crystallize <> krist
crystallized <> krist
crystallizer <> Cryst
crystallizers <> Krist
crystallizes <> krist
crystallizing <> krist
crystalloblastic <> krist
crystallographer <> krist
crystallographic <> krist
crystallographical <> krist
crystallography <> Krist
crystalloid <> krist
crystalloids <> krist
crystallomancy <> Cryst
crystalluria <> krist
crystals <> krist
ctenoid <> kteno
ctenoid <> tırtı
ctenophora <> Cteno
ctenophorans <> kteno
cuatro <> Cuatr
cub <> acemi
cub <> terbi
cub <> yavru
cub <> yontu
cubage <> hacmi
cubage <> küple
cubature <> hacmi
cubature <> küple
cubby <> göz
cubby <> küçük
cubby <> odacı
cubbyhole <> göz
cubbyhole <> küçük
cube <> kübün
cube <> küp
cube <> küp 
cube <> kaldı
cube <> kendi
cube <> parke
cubeb <> kübab
cubed <> kuşba
cubes <> küple
cubic <> kübik
cubic <> küp
cubic <> küp 
cubical <> kübik
cubically <> kübik
cubically <> küp 
cubicle <> göz
cubicle <> hücre
cubicle <> odacı
cubicles <> kabin
cubiform <> kübik
cubiform <> küp 
cubism <> kübiz
cubism <> nesne
cubist <> kübis
cubit <> eski
cubits <> arşın
cubitus <> dirse
cuboid <> kübik
cuboidal <> kübik
cucas <> CUCAS
cuckold <> aldat
cuckold <> boynu
cuckolding <> Cucko
cuckolds <> Cucko
cuckoo <> çatla
cuckoo <> aptal
cuckoo <> guguk
cuckoo <> kaçık
cuckoo <> kuku
cuckooflower <> eflat
cuckooflower <> guguk
cuckoopint <> yaban
cuckoos <> guguk
cucumber <> hıyar
cucumber <> salat
cucumbers <> salat
cucurbit <> sukab
cucurbitaceae <> Kabak
cucurbite <> kapta
cud <> geviş
cuddle <> kucak
cuddle <> sarıl
cuddled <> sarın
cuddles <> kucak
cuddlesome <> kucak
cuddlesome <> sevim
cuddlesome <> yumuş
cuddling <> sarıl
cuddly <> kucak
cuddly <> sevim
cuddly <> yumuş
cuddy <> dolap
cuddy <> göz
cuddy <> güver
cuddy <> gemi
cuddy <> odacı
cudgel <> çomak
cudgel <> dövme
cudgel <> dayak
cudgel <> değne
cudgel <> lobut
cudgel <> sopa
cudgel <> sopal
cue <> başla
cue <> bilar
cue <> işare
cue <> istek
cue <> kuyru
cue <> repli
cue <> sufle
cues <> ipuçl
cuff <> şamar
cuff <> kelep
cuff <> kol 
cuff <> manşe
cuff <> paça
cuff <> tokat
cuffed <> kelep
cufflink <> kol
cufflink <> kol 
cufflinks <> kol
cuffs <> kollu
cuirass <> göğüs
cuirass <> solun
cuirass <> zırh
cuirasse <> Cuira
cuirassier <> zırhl
cuisine <> ahçıl
cuisine <> mutfa
cuisine <> yemek
cuisines <> mutfa
culation <> Elekt
culex <> Culex
culicidae <> Culic
culinary <> mutfa
culinary <> yemek
cull <> ıskar
cull <> ayırm
cull <> işe 
cull <> seçme
cull <> topla
culled <> itlaf
cullender <> süzge
culler <> Culle
cullet <> cam
cullet <> cam 
cullet <> eriti
culling <> İtlaf
cullis <> Culli
cully <> Cully
culm <> eklem
culm <> kömür
culm <> kalit
culm <> karbo
culminate <> doruğ
culminate <> merid
culminate <> sonuç
culminated <> sonuç
culminates <> doruğ
culminating <> doruk
culmination <> doruk
culmination <> merid
culmination <> zirve
culottes <> etek-
culottes <> panto
culpability <> kusur
culpability <> suç
culpability <> suçlu
culpable <> kabah
culpable <> kusur
culpable <> suçlu
culpably <> kabah
culprit <> hüküm
culprit <> sanık
culprit <> suçlu
culprit <> zanlı
culprits <> Suçlu
cult <> heves
cult <> inanç
cult <> kült
cult <> mezhe
cult <> tapın
cult <> tarik
cult <> tutku
cultic <> kült
cultivable <> ekile
cultivable <> işlen
cultivar <> çeşid
cultivars <> çeşit
cultivatable <> ekile
cultivate <> ekip
cultivate <> gayre
cultivate <> geliş
cultivate <> işlem
cultivate <> ilerl
cultivate <> kazan
cultivate <> kendi
cultivate <> yetiş
cultivated <> bayın
cultivated <> ekili
cultivated <> görgü
cultivated <> işlen
cultivated <> kültü
cultivates <> yetiş
cultivating <> kalkı
cultivation <> görgü
cultivation <> işlem
cultivation <> tarım
cultivation <> terbi
cultivation <> yetiş
cultivation <> ziraa
cultivations <> külti
cultivator <> çiftç
cultivator <> ekici
cultivator <> saban
cultivator <> yetiş
cultivators <> külti
cults <> kültl
culturable <> kültü
cultural <> kültü
cultural <> ziraa
culturally <> kültü
culture <> üretm
culture <> bakte
culture <> ekim
culture <> kültü
culture <> meden
culture <> yetiş
cultured <> üreti
cultured <> aydın
cultured <> görgü
cultured <> kültü
cultured <> külti
cultures <> kültü
culturing <> kültü
cultus <> Cultu
culver <> beyaz
culvers <> güver
culvert <> elekt
culvert <> kanal
culvert <> suyol
culverts <> menfe
cum <> birli
cum <> boşal
cum <> ile
cumber <> engel
cumber <> sıkma
cumber <> yük 
cumbersome <> ağır
cumbersome <> hanta
cumbersome <> külfe
cumbrous <> ağır
cumbrous <> hanta
cumbrous <> külfe
cumene <> kümen
cumin <> kimyo
cummer <> Cumme
cummerbund <> kemer
cummerbund <> kuşak
cummin <> kimyo
cummingtonite <> Kumin
cummins <> Cummi
cumulate <> kümül
cumulated <> kümül
cumulates <> kümül
cumulating <> birik
cumulation <> kümül
cumulative <> birik
cumulative <> eklen
cumulative <> kümül
cumulative <> topla
cumulatively <> kümül
cumulonimbus <> Cumul
cumulus <> bulut
cumulus <> kümül
cun <> CUN
cuneate <> kama
cuneiform <> çiviy
cuneiform <> kama
cunning <> şeyta
cunning <> şirin
cunning <> açıkg
cunning <> becer
cunning <> hinli
cunning <> kaşar
cunning <> kurna
cunning <> marif
cunning <> sevim
cunning <> tilki
cunningly <> kurna
cunt <> am
cunt <> kadın
cunt <> kuku
cunt <> pıtış
cup <> çanak
cup <> şişe
cup <> barda
cup <> finca
cup <> kâse
cup <> kavra
cup <> kupa
cupboard <> büfe
cupboard <> dolap
cupboard <> yüklü
cupboards <> dolap
cupel <> maden
cupful <> finca
cupholders <> barda
cupid <> aşk
cupid <> aşk 
cupidity <> açgöz
cupidity <> hırs
cupids <> Cupid
cupola <> kubbe
cupola <> yumru
cupola <> zırhl
cupolas <> kubbe
cupped <> götür
cupper <> bakır
cuppers <> CUPPE
cupping <> çukur
cupreous <> bakır
cupressaceae <> Cupre
cupric <> bakır
cuprite <> Kupri
cuprotungstite <> Kupro
cuprous <> bakır
cups <> barda
cur <> cur
cur <> it
cur <> sokak
curability <> tedav
curable <> geçic
curable <> iyile
curable <> tedav
curacy <> papaz
curare <> kürar
curate <> papaz
curated <> kürat
curates <> yapıy
curating <> kürat
curation <> kürat
curative <> çare
curative <> şifa
curative <> şifal
curative <> ilaç
curative <> iyile
curative <> sağlı
curatively <> kürat
curator <> galer
curator <> idare
curator <> müze
curator <> sorum
curator <> veli
curatorial <> kürat
curators <> kürat
curatorship <> müdür
curatorship <> velil
curatory <> edici
curb <> at 
curb <> fren
curb <> frenl
curb <> gem
curb <> gem 
curb <> gemle
curb <> kaldı
curb <> uzak
curb <> zapte
curbed <> sınır
curbing <> engel
curbs <> Curbs
curbstone <> kaldı
curbstones <> Komod
curby <> Curby
curch <> Hrist
curch <> kilis
curculio <> Curcu
curculionidae <> Curcu
curcuma <> hints
curcuma <> zerde
curcumine <> Curcu
curd <> kesil
curd <> kesmi
curd <> lor
curded <> kür
curdle <> kesil
curdle <> pıhtı
curdle <> sütü
curdy <> kesil
curdy <> pıhtı
cure <> çare
cure <> şifa
cure <> derma
cure <> ilaç
cure <> imaml
cure <> iyile
cure <> kür
cure <> kurut
cure <> papaz
cure <> reçet
cure <> sertl
cure <> tedav
cured <> kür
cures <> kürle
curettage <> kürta
curette <> küret
curetted <> küret
curfew <> karar
curfew <> karat
curfew <> sokağ
curfew <> yat 
curia <> mahke
curie <> küri
curing <> kür
curio <> antik
curio <> ilgin
curio <> tuhaf
curiosities <> merak
curiosity <> antik
curiosity <> ilgi
curiosity <> ilgin
curiosity <> merak
curiosity <> tuhaf
curious <> acayi
curious <> garip
curious <> ilgil
curious <> ilgin
curious <> merak
curious <> tuhaf
curiously <> garip
curiously <> ilgin
curiously <> ilgiy
curiously <> merak
curite <> Kürit
curium <> Curiu
curl <> büklü
curl <> bükme
curl <> bukle
curl <> dalga
curl <> kıvır
curl <> kıvrı
curl <> lüle
curl <> saç 
curled <> kıvır
curled <> kıvrı
curled <> lüle
curled <> sarma
curler <> bigud
curlew <> çullu
curlicue <> kıvrı
curlicue <> süslü
curling <> kıvır
curling <> kıvrı
curlpaper <> bigud
curlpaper <> saç 
curls <> kıvır
curly <> bukle
curly <> kıvır
curly <> kıvrı
curmudgeon <> aksi
curmudgeon <> cimri
curr <> Curr
curragh <> Curra
curran <> Curra
currant <> Frenk
currant <> kuşüz
currants <> kuş
currencies <> para
currency <> döviz
currency <> değer
currency <> devir
currency <> dolaş
currency <> geçer
currency <> para
currency <> tedav
currency <> yaygı
current <> şimdi
current <> Mevcu
current <> akım
current <> akınt
current <> bugün
current <> cari
current <> cerey
current <> eğili
current <> geçer
current <> tedav
currentless <> Norma
currently <> şu
currently <> şu 
currently <> bu 
currently <> halen
currents <> akıml
curricula <> müfre
curricular <> müfre
curriculum <> öğret
curriculum <> müfre
curriculums <> müfre
currie <> Curri
curried <> Köril
currier <> sepic
currier <> tabak
curries <> köril
curry <> acılı
curry <> dayak
curry <> köri
curry <> kaşağ
curry <> sopal
curry <> tımar
curry <> tabak
currycomb <> kaşağ
currying <> tımar
curse <> afaro
curse <> beddu
curse <> belâ
curse <> küfür
curse <> küfre
curse <> lanet
curse <> sövme
cursed <> Allah
cursed <> huysu
cursed <> kahro
cursed <> lanet
cursed <> melun
cursed <> tâlih
curses <> küfür
cursi <> Cursi
cursing <> lanet
cursing <> sövgü
cursive <> el
cursive <> el 
cursive <> kursi
cursor <> göste
cursor <> ibre
cursor <> imleç
cursor <> kürsö
cursor <> sürgü
cursor <> sürme
cursoriness <> üstün
cursoriness <> başta
cursors <> imleç
cursory <> üstün
cursory <> başta
cursory <> geliş
curt <> kısa
curt <> kaba
curt <> ters
curtail <> düşür
curtail <> kısa
curtail <> kısal
curtail <> kısma
curtailed <> kısıt
curtailing <> yavaş
curtailment <> azalt
curtailment <> indir
curtailment <> kısal
curtailment <> kesme
curtain <> alkış
curtain <> bölme
curtain <> perde
curtained <> perde
curtaining <> perde
curtains <> akıbe
curtains <> perde
curtains <> son
curtly <> sertç
curtness <> hırtl
curtness <> kısal
curtness <> sertl
curtsey <> rever
curtsy <> rever
curvaceous <> düzgü
curvaceous <> kıvrı
curvature <> eğilm
curvature <> eğril
curvature <> kavis
curvatures <> eğril
curve <> bükül
curve <> bükme
curve <> dönem
curve <> eğilm
curve <> eğmek
curve <> eğri
curve <> kıvrı
curve <> kavis
curve <> viraj
curveball <> Curve
curved <> çarpı
curved <> eğiml
curved <> kavis
curves <> eğril
curvet <> şaha
curvilinear <> eğri
curvilinear <> eğril
curvilinear <> eğris
curving <> eğme
curvy <> düzgü
curvy <> kıvrı
cush <> Cush
cushion <> bant
cushion <> etkis
cushion <> minde
cushion <> tampo
cushion <> topu
cushion <> yastı
cushion <> zarar
cushioned <> konfo
cushioned <> rahat
cushioned <> sartı
cushioned <> yastı
cushioning <> yastı
cushions <> yastı
cushy <> hafif
cushy <> kolay
cushy <> rahat
cusp <> doruk
cusp <> sivri
cusp <> uç
cusp <> zirve
cusped <> sivri
cuspid <> köpek
cuspidal <> sivri
cuspidate <> dilim
cuspidate <> sivri
cuspidor <> tükür
cusps <> dişçi
cuss <> adam
cuss <> herif
cuss <> küfür
cuss <> lanet
cuss <> tip
cussed <> inatç
cussed <> lanet
cussed <> ters
cussedness <> huysu
cussedness <> inatç
cussedness <> tersl
cussing <> lanet
custard <> koyu
custard <> krema
custard <> vanil
custards <> muhal
custodial <> gözal
custodian <> bekçi
custodian <> kapıc
custodian <> muhaf
custodian <> sorum
custodian <> vasi
custodian <> veli
custodians <> vasil
custodianship <> vasi
custodies <> Gözal
custody <> bakım
custody <> gözal
custody <> gözet
custody <> korum
custody <> sorum
custody <> tutuk
custom <> Özel
custom <> örf 
custom <> ısmar
custom <> adet
custom <> alışk
custom <> alışv
custom <> gören
custom <> gelen
custom <> müşte
custom <> sipar
custom <> töre
customaries <> teamü
customarily <> alışı
customarily <> gelen
customary <> adetl
customary <> alışı
customary <> gelen
customer <> alıcı
customer <> herif
customer <> müşte
customer <> tip
customers <> müşte
customhouse <> gümrü
customisable <> özell
customisation <> özell
customisations <> özell
customise <> özell
customise <> müşte
customised <> Özell
customising <> özell
customizable <> özell
customization <> özell
customizations <> özell
customize <> özell
customize <> müşte
customized <> Özell
customizes <> özell
customizing <> özell
customs <> adetl
customs <> gümrü
customs <> gelen
customs <> törel
cusum <> CUSUM
cut <> açmak
cut <> biçme
cut <> budam
cut <> darbe
cut <> devam
cut <> diş 
cut <> dişi
cut <> dilim
cut <> görme
cut <> hadım
cut <> incit
cut <> indir
cut <> kırma
cut <> kırpm
cut <> kesiş
cut <> kesik
cut <> kesil
cut <> kesim
cut <> kesin
cut <> kesme
cut <> klişe
cut <> kupür
cut <> makas
cut <> ortad
cut <> oymak
cut <> parça
cut <> pay
cut <> seyre
cut <> sulan
cut <> tip
cut <> tutam
cut <> usul
cut <> vuruş
cut <> yarık
cut <> yara
cut <> yol 
cut <> yontm
cutaneous <> cilt
cutaneous <> deri
cutaneous <> deriy
cutaway <> bonju
cutaway <> caket
cutaway <> kesit
cutback <> azalt
cutback <> düşüş
cutback <> eksil
cutback <> hikây
cutback <> kesme
cutbacks <> kısın
cute <> şirin
cute <> akıll
cute <> cici
cute <> kurna
cute <> sevim
cute <> zeki
cutely <> şirin
cutely <> kurna
cutely <> sevim
cutely <> zekic
cuteness <> sevim
cuteness <> zekâ
cuter <> şirin
cutest <> şirin
cutey <> Sevim
cuticle <> üst 
cuticle <> epide
cuticle <> kütik
cuticle <> tırna
cuticle <> yapra
cuticular <> kütik
cutie <> çekic
cutie <> cutie
cutie <> sevim
cutin <> kütin
cutinite <> Kütin
cutis <> alt 
cutis <> derma
cutis <> kütis
cutlass <> deniz
cutlass <> pala
cutlasses <> pala
cutler <> bıçak
cutlers <> Cutle
cutlery <> çatal
cutlery <> bıçak
cutlet <> külba
cutlet <> kotle
cutlet <> pirzo
cutlets <> pirzo
cutline <> Cutli
cutoff <> şalte
cutoff <> durdu
cutoff <> kesti
cutoff <> limit
cutoffs <> eşik
cutout <> şalte
cutout <> egzos
cutout <> kesil
cutout <> kesme
cutouts <> kesik
cutpurse <> yanke
cuts <> keser
cuttable <> kesil
cutted <> kesil
cutter <> filik
cutter <> kesic
cutter <> keski
cutter <> kesme
cutter <> kotra
cutter <> makas
cutter <> monta
cutter <> sahil
cutterhead <> kesic
cutters <> kesic
cutthroat <> acıma
cutthroat <> cani
cutthroat <> insaf
cutthroat <> kıyas
cutthroat <> katil
cutthroat <> tefec
cutthroat <> zalim
cutting <> çelik
cutting <> çenti
cutting <> aşı 
cutting <> acı
cutting <> doğra
cutting <> dondu
cutting <> hafri
cutting <> içe 
cutting <> içine
cutting <> iğnel
cutting <> kırıc
cutting <> kıymı
cutting <> kerti
cutting <> kesic
cutting <> kesim
cutting <> keski
cutting <> kesme
cutting <> kupür
cutting <> kurgu
cutting <> sert
cutting <> yol
cutting <> yol 
cutting <> yonga
cuttings <> kupür
cuttle <> mürek
cuttlefish <> mürek
cuttlefish <> supya
cutty <> Cutty
cuvette <> küvet
cuvettes <> küvet
cwm <> Cwm
cyan <> mavi
cyanamid <> Cyana
cyanamide <> siyan
cyanate <> siyan
cyanates <> siyan
cyanic <> siyan
cyanidation <> siyan
cyanide <> siyan
cyanides <> siyan
cyanidin <> siyan
cyano <> siyan
cyanoacrylate <> siyan
cyanobacteria <> siyan
cyanobacterium <> Siyan
cyanocobalamin <> kayna
cyanogen <> siyan
cyanogenetic <> siyan
cyanophyceae <> Cyano
cyanophyta <> Cyano
cyanosed <> siyan
cyanosis <> siyan
cyanotic <> siyan
cyanuric <> siyan
cybercash <> Cyber
cybercrime <> siber
cybercriminals <> siber
cybernetic <> siber
cybernetics <> güdüb
cybernetics <> kiber
cybernetics <> siber
cyberspace <> siber
cyclades <> Cycla
cycladic <> Kikla
cyclamate <> sikla
cyclamen <> siklâ
cyclamen <> tavşa
cyclamens <> Cycla
cyclamic <> sikla
cyclase <> sikla
cycle <> aşama
cycle <> bisik
cycle <> dönme
cycle <> devir
cycle <> devre
cycle <> dizi
cycle <> dolaş
cycle <> motos
cycle <> pedal
cycle <> seri
cycle <> zaman
cycled <> sağla
cyclers <> cycle
cycles <> çevri
cyclic <> devir
cyclic <> dolaş
cyclic <> efsan
cyclic <> halka
cyclic <> kahra
cyclic <> konjo
cyclic <> periy
cyclical <> devir
cyclical <> dolaş
cyclical <> efsan
cyclical <> halka
cyclical <> kahra
cyclical <> konjo
cyclical <> periy
cyclically <> çevri
cyclicity <> döngü
cyclin <> sikli
cycling <> bisik
cyclins <> sikli
cyclist <> bisik
cyclists <> bisik
cyclo <> siklo
cycloaddition <> Siklo
cycloaliphatic <> siklo
cycloalkanes <> siklo
cycloalkenes <> Siklo
cyclocryotherapy <> siklo
cyclodextrin <> siklo
cyclodextrins <> Siklo
cyclofenil <> siklo
cyclohexane <> siklo
cyclohexanol <> siklo
cyclohexanone <> siklo
cyclohexene <> siklo
cycloheximide <> siklo
cycloids <> Siklo
cyclometer <> çembe
cyclometer <> mesaf
cyclometer <> siklo
cyclone <> coşku
cyclone <> hortu
cyclone <> kasır
cyclone <> siklo
cyclone <> tufan
cyclones <> siklo
cyclonic <> siklo
cyclooxygenase <> siklo
cyclop <> Cyclo
cyclopaedia <> ansik
cycloparaffins <> siklo
cyclopean <> büyük
cyclopean <> dev
cyclopean <> dev 
cyclopean <> kocam
cyclopedia <> ansik
cyclopentadiene <> siklo
cyclopentane <> Siklo
cyclopentolate <> siklo
cyclophosphamide <> siklo
cyclophotocoagulation <> siklo
cyclophrenia <> siklo
cyclopia <> siklo
cycloplegia <> siklo
cycloplegic <> siklo
cyclopropane <> Siklo
cyclopropanes <> Siklo
cyclops <> Cyclo
cyclops <> Kiklo
cyclops <> tek 
cycloserine <> siklo
cyclosporin <> siklo
cyclosporine <> siklo
cyclostomata <> Cyclo
cyclotella <> Cyclo
cyclothymia <> siklo
cyclothymic <> siklo
cyclotron <> kiklo
cyclotrons <> siklo
cyclus <> siklu
cyder <> elma
cygnet <> kuğu
cylinder <> kasna
cylinder <> rulo
cylinder <> silin
cylindered <> silin
cylinders <> silin
cylindric <> silin
cylindrical <> silin
cylindrically <> silin
cylindricity <> Silin
cyma <> perva
cyma <> talkı
cymation <> kymat
cymbal <> zil
cymbalist <> zil
cymbalist <> zil 
cymbalom <> cimba
cymbals <> zille
cymbeline <> Cymbe
cyme <> talkı
cymric <> Gal
cymric <> Gal 
cymric <> Gal'e
cymric <> Galli
cynic <> alayc
cynic <> hayat
cynic <> kötüm
cynic <> kinik
cynic <> toplu
cynical <> alayc
cynical <> insan
cynical <> küçüm
cynical <> toplu
cynically <> alayc
cynicism <> kinik
cynicism <> kiniz
cynics <> alayc
cynosure <> örnek
cynosure <> Küçük
cynosure <> Kutup
cynosure <> dikka
cynosure <> ilgi
cyon <> Cyon
cyperus <> Cyper
cypher <> önems
cypher <> şifre
cypher <> sıfır
cypres <> Ürün
cypress <> selvi
cypress <> servi
cypresses <> selvi
cyprian <> Kıbrı
cyprinidae <> Cypri
cypriote <> Kıbrı
cyproheptadine <> CYPRO
cyproterone <> sipro
cyprus <> Kıbrı
cyrillaceae <> Cyril
cyst <> kapsü
cyst <> kist
cyst <> safra
cyst <> torba
cystadenocarcinoma <> kista
cystadenoma <> kista
cystatin <> sista
cysteamine <> sista
cystectomy <> siste
cystein <> siste
cysteine <> siste
cysteinyl <> siste
cystic <> kist
cystic <> kisti
cystic <> sidik
cystica <> sisti
cystine <> sisti
cystitis <> mesan
cystitis <> sisti
cystoblast <> çekir
cystoblast <> hücre
cystocele <> sisto
cystoceles <> sisto
cystogram <> sisto
cystography <> sisto
cystoid <> kisto
cystoidea <> Sisto
cystoids <> Sisto
cystometry <> sisto
cystoplasty <> sisto
cystosarcoma <> sisto
cystoscope <> sisto
cystoscopes <> sisto
cystoscopic <> sisto
cystoscopies <> sisto
cystoscopy <> sisto
cystostomy <> sisto
cystotomy <> sisto
cystourethrogram <> sisto
cystourethrographies <> sisto
cystourethrography <> sisto
cysts <> kistl
cytapheresis <> sitaf
cytarabine <> sitar
cytisus <> Cytis
cytochemical <> sitok
cytochemistry <> sitok
cytochrome <> sitok
cytochromes <> sitok
cytodifferentiation <> hücre
cytogenetic <> sitog
cytogenetical <> sitog
cytogenetically <> sitog
cytogenetics <> sitog
cytokeratin <> sitok
cytokine <> sitok
cytokines <> sitok
cytokinesis <> sitok
cytokinin <> sitok
cytokinins <> sitok
cytologic <> sitol
cytological <> sitol
cytologically <> sitol
cytologies <> sitol
cytologist <> sitol
cytologists <> sitol
cytology <> hücre
cytology <> sitol
cytolysin <> Sitol
cytolytic <> sitol
cytomegalic <> sitom
cytomegalovirus <> sitom
cytometer <> sitom
cytometers <> sitom
cytometric <> sitom
cytometry <> sitom
cytopathic <> sitop
cytopathologic <> sitop
cytopathological <> sitop
cytopathologist <> sitop
cytopathologists <> sitop
cytopathology <> sitop
cytopenia <> sitop
cytopenias <> sitop
cytoplasm <> sitop
cytoplasmic <> sitop
cytoplasms <> sitop
cytoreductive <> sitor
cytosine <> sitoz
cytosines <> sitoz
cytoskeletal <> sitos
cytoskeleton <> Hücre
cytosol <> sitoz
cytosolic <> sitoz
cytostatic <> sitos
cytostatics <> Sitos
cytotoxic <> sitot
cytotoxicity <> sitot
cytotoxin <> sitot
czar <> çar
czardas <> Macar
czardas <> carda
czardom <> Çarlı
czarevitch <> çarev
czarevitch <> velia
czarina <> çariç
czarism <> çarcı
czarist <> çar
czarist <> çar 
czaristic <> çar
czaristic <> çar 
czaritza <> çariç
czars <> Czars
dab <> erbap
dab <> hafif
dab <> klişe
dab <> kurul
dab <> parma
dab <> pisib
dab <> usta
dab <> uzman
dabbed <> sildi
dabble <> sıçra
dabble <> serpm
dabble <> suyla
dabbler <> şarla
dabbler <> amatö
dabbler <> başta
dabbler <> lâf o
dabbling <> kurmu
dabbs <> Dabbs
dabster <> acemi
dabster <> usta
dabster <> uzman
dabster <> yüzün
dacarbazine <> dakar
dace <> çamça
dacha <> kır 
dacha <> villa
dachshund <> daksu
dacite <> dasit
dacites <> dasit
dacoit <> haydu
dacoits <> Haydu
dacryocystitis <> dakri
dacryocystorhinostomy <> dakri
dacryostenosis <> dakri
dactinomycin <> dakti
dactyl <> bir
dactyl <> bir 
dactylitis <> Dakti
dactylogram <> parma
dactylorhiza <> Dacty
dad <> baba
dad <> babac
dadaism <> dadai
dadas <> Dadas
daddies <> babal
daddy <> baba
daddy <> babac
dado <> taban
dads <> babal
daemon <> şeyta
daemon <> cini
daemon <> iblis
daemon <> zalim
daemonic <> çılgı
daemonic <> şeyta
daemonic <> deli
daemonic <> kötü
daemonic <> uğurs
daemons <> cinle
daff <> Daff
daffodil <> fulya
daffodil <> nergi
daffodil <> zerri
daffodils <> nergi
daffy <> Daffy
daft <> aptal
daft <> arsız
daft <> deli
daft <> kaçık
daft <> perva
dagga <> Dagga
dagger <> hançe
dagger <> kama
daggers <> hançe
dago <> İtaly
dago <> Büyük
dagoba <> Dagob
dagon <> Dagon
dags <> DAGS
daguerreotype <> dager
daguerreotype <> eski
daguerreotypes <> dauge
dahl <> Dahl
dahlia <> dalya
dahlia <> yıldı
dahlias <> Yıldı
dahlin <> Dahli
dahls <> Dahls
daikon <> Daiko
dailies <> gazet
daily <> günde
daily <> günlü
daily <> her 
daimon <> Daimo
daimyo <> Daimy
daintiness <> incel
daintiness <> lezze
daintiness <> nezak
daintiness <> titiz
daintiness <> zaraf
dainty <> düzen
dainty <> ince
dainty <> leziz
dainty <> lezze
dainty <> mükem
dainty <> nazik
dainty <> nefis
dainty <> titiz
dainty <> zaraf
dainty <> zarif
daiquiri <> rom 
daiquiri <> votka
dairies <> mandı
dairy <> mandı
dairy <> sütçü
dairy <> sütha
dairying <> Sütçü
dairyland <> Dairy
dairymaid <> mandı
dairymaid <> sütçü
dairyman <> mandı
dairyman <> sütçü
dais <> çarda
dais <> gölge
dais <> kürsü
dais <> podyu
daisies <> papat
daisy <> mükem
daisy <> pırla
daisy <> papat
dale <> dere
dale <> vadi
dales <> Yamaç
dalesman <> vadi
dalet <> Dalet
dalle <> Dalle
dalles <> Dalle
dalliance <> üşeng
dalliance <> cilve
dalliance <> oyala
dalliance <> oynaş
dalliance <> tembe
dallied <> flört
dally <> oyala
dally <> oynaş
dally <> zaman
dalmatian <> Dalma
dalmatians <> Dalma
dals <> Dals
dalt <> Dalt
daltonism <> dalto
daltonism <> renk
daltons <> dalto
dam <> anne
dam <> baraj
dam <> engel
dam <> hazne
dam <> set
dam <> set 
dam <> topla
damage <> bozma
damage <> değer
damage <> hasar
damage <> maliy
damage <> masra
damage <> zarar
damageable <> bozul
damageable <> hasar
damaged <> bozuk
damaged <> ezik
damaged <> hasar
damaged <> mahvo
damager <> Damag
damages <> tazmi
damages <> zarar
damaging <> kötü
damaging <> zarar
daman <> Daman
damascene <> damas
damascene <> harel
damascening <> kakma
damascus <> Şam
damask <> şam 
damask <> damas
damask <> donat
damask <> kakma
damask <> süsle
dame <> anaok
dame <> bayan
dame <> dam
dame <> hanım
dame <> kadın
dame <> karı
dame <> yaşlı
damen <> Damen
damiana <> susan
daminozide <> damin
dammed <> Baraj
dammers <> Damme
dammit <> kahre
damn <> çok 
damn <> Allah
damn <> beddu
damn <> belâ
damn <> değer
damn <> eleşt
damn <> iğren
damn <> kahre
damn <> kesin
damn <> lânet
damn <> lanet
damn <> mahve
damn <> redde
damn <> son 
damn <> suçu
damnable <> lanet
damnable <> nefre
damnable <> sıkıc
damnation <> Allah
damnation <> belâ
damnation <> lanet
damnation <> yıkım
damndest <> lanet
damned <> çok
damned <> Allah
damned <> aşırı
damned <> fazla
damned <> iğren
damned <> kahro
damned <> lânet
damned <> lanet
damned <> son 
damnedest <> gelen
damning <> şidde
damning <> ezici
damning <> tahri
damp <> üzünt
damp <> ıslak
damp <> ıslat
damp <> aksat
damp <> cesar
damp <> gücün
damp <> grizu
damp <> harar
damp <> körel
damp <> keder
damp <> nem
damp <> nemle
damp <> nemli
damp <> rutub
damp <> söndü
damp <> sindi
damp <> su 
damped <> sönüm
dampen <> ıslan
dampen <> ıslat
dampen <> körel
dampen <> kırma
dampen <> nemle
dampen <> söndü
dampen <> tadın
dampened <> nemle
dampener <> tav
dampening <> nemle
dampens <> azalt
damper <> üzen
damper <> amort
damper <> titre
dampers <> tampo
dampier <> Dampi
damping <> ıslat
dampish <> nemli
dampish <> rutub
dampness <> nem
dampness <> rutub
dampproof <> nem 
dampproof <> rutub
damps <> terim
dams <> baraj
damsel <> genç
damsel <> küçük
damselfish <> Damse
damson <> mürdü
dan <> dan
dan <> judo
danalite <> Danal
danburite <> Danbu
dance <> balo
dance <> dans
dance <> dansl
dance <> oynam
dance <> oynat
dance <> oyun
danced <> dans
dancer <> dansç
dancer <> dansö
dancer <> danse
dancer <> rakka
dancers <> dansç
dances <> dansl
dancewear <> giyim
dancey <> Dance
dancing <> dans
dancing <> oynam
dandelion <> hindi
dandelion <> karah
dandelions <> Dande
dander <> dili
dander <> hidde
danders <> aller
dandi <> Dandi
dandified <> çıtkı
dandified <> züppe
dandle <> şımar
dandle <> hopla
dandle <> okşam
dandle <> oynat
dandle <> sevme
dandriff <> kepek
dandriff <> konak
dandruff <> kepek
dandruff <> konak
dandy <> çıtkı
dandy <> şık
dandy <> düzgü
dandy <> filik
dandy <> hanım
dandy <> küçük
dandy <> kusur
dandy <> mükem
dandy <> yaman
dandy <> yetki
dandy <> züppe
dandy <> zarif
dandyish <> şık
dandyish <> düzgü
dandyish <> zarif
dandyism <> züppe
danger <> tehdi
danger <> tehli
dangerous <> riskl
dangerous <> tehli
dangerously <> tehli
dangerousness <> tehli
dangers <> tehli
dangle <> asılı
dangle <> sarkı
dangle <> sarkm
dangled <> salla
dangles <> tırma
dangling <> sarka
daniel <> İbran
daniel <> Danie
daniel <> Eski
danio <> Danio
danish <> Danim
danishes <> Danim
dank <> ıslak
dank <> küf 
dank <> nemli
dank <> rutub
dank <> yaş
danker <> Danke
danks <> Danks
danton <> Danto
dantrolene <> dantr
dap <> hafif
dap <> yemi
dap <> zıpla
daphne <> defne
daphnes <> Daphn
daphnia <> su
dapper <> çevik
dapper <> şık
dapper <> atak
dapper <> düzgü
dapper <> iki 
dapple <> benek
dapple <> puanl
dappled <> alaca
dappled <> benek
dappled <> lekel
dappled <> puanl
daps <> DAPS
dapsone <> dapso
daptomycin <> dapto
darb <> Darb
darbar <> Darba
darbies <> kelep
darby <> Darby
dare <> cüret
dare <> cesar
dare <> kafa
dare <> kalkı
dare <> meyda
dare <> riske
dared <> cesar
daredevil <> atılg
daredevil <> cüret
daredevil <> cesur
daredevil <> gözün
daredevil <> gözüp
daredevil <> yiğit
dares <> cüret
darga <> Darga
dari <> Dari
daring <> atak
daring <> cüret
daring <> cesar
daring <> cesur
daring <> gözüp
daring <> perva
daring <> rizik
daring <> serüv
daring <> tehli
daring <> yiğit
daringly <> cesur
darings <> Darin
darjeeling <> Darje
dark <> üzünt
dark <> ışıks
dark <> akşam
dark <> asık
dark <> belir
dark <> bilgi
dark <> bulan
dark <> esrar
dark <> gölge
dark <> gizli
dark <> kötü
dark <> kara
dark <> karan
dark <> kasve
dark <> korku
dark <> koyu
dark <> loş
darken <> bulan
darken <> karış
darken <> karar
darken <> koyul
darkened <> karar
darkening <> karar
darkens <> karar
darker <> koyu
darkest <> karan
darkish <> alaca
darkish <> koyu
darkish <> mat
darkish <> siyah
darkling <> karan
darkly <> belir
darkly <> esrar
darkly <> gizem
darkly <> karan
darkness <> bilgi
darkness <> bilin
darkness <> cehal
darkness <> esrar
darkness <> gizli
darkness <> körlü
darkness <> kötül
darkness <> karan
darkness <> koyul
darkness <> loşlu
darkroom <> karan
darkrooms <> karan
darks <> koyu
darky <> zenci
darling <> çekic
darling <> canım
darling <> can
darling <> cicim
darling <> nonoş
darling <> sevgi
darling <> sevil
darling <> sevim
darlings <> canla
darn <> örere
darn <> belâ
darn <> lanet
darn <> yama
darned <> Allah
darned <> belâ
darned <> lanet
darner <> örgü
darner <> örgüc
darning <> örülm
darning <> örme
darr <> Darr
darre <> Darre
darshan <> darsh
dart <> çıkıv
dart <> çıkar
dart <> atılm
dart <> atmak
dart <> cirit
dart <> dart
dart <> fırla
dart <> hamle
dart <> iğnel
dart <> mızra
dart <> pens
dart <> vın 
dartboard <> dart
dartmoor <> Dartm
darts <> dart
dase <> Dase
dash <> çarpm
dash <> atılg
dash <> atılm
dash <> atakl
dash <> atmak
dash <> bir 
dash <> cesar
dash <> düş 
dash <> darbe
dash <> dolaş
dash <> fışkı
dash <> fırla
dash <> göste
dash <> hücum
dash <> hızlı
dash <> hamle
dash <> kısa
dash <> karal
dash <> lanet
dash <> püskü
dash <> parça
dash <> sıçra
dash <> saldı
dash <> savru
dash <> savur
dash <> tire
dash <> vurma
dash <> yıkma
dashboard <> çamur
dashboard <> göste
dashboard <> kontr
dashboards <> panol
dashed <> altüs
dashed <> berba
dashed <> kahre
dasher <> şık 
dasher <> kayma
dasher <> moday
dashes <> tire
dashing <> şık
dashing <> atak
dashing <> canlı
dashing <> cesur
dashing <> göste
dashing <> haval
dashingly <> atılg
dashingly <> cesur
dashingly <> haval
dasing <> Dasin
dast <> DAST
dastard <> aşağı
dastard <> adi 
dastard <> alçak
dastardliness <> adili
dastardliness <> alçak
dastardliness <> hainl
dastardly <> adi
dastardly <> alçak
dastardly <> bayağ
dastardly <> korka
dasyatis <> Dasya
data <> bilgi
data <> data
data <> girdi
data <> malum
data <> veri
databanks <> banka
database <> Verit
databases <> verit
databit <> Veri
datable <> tarih
datacard <> Datac
datafile <> veri
datafiles <> veri
dataflow <> veri
datagrams <> datag
datapoint <> Datap
dataset <> veri
datasets <> veri
datastream <> veri
datastreams <> veri
date <> çıkma
date <> bayat
date <> buluş
date <> dönem
date <> eski
date <> eskid
date <> eskim
date <> flört
date <> hurma
date <> rande
date <> tarih
date <> vade
date <> zaman
dated <> bayat
dated <> demod
dated <> eskim
dated <> tarih
dateless <> çok 
dateless <> sonsu
dateless <> tarih
dateline <> günde
dateline <> tarih
dates <> tarih
datings <> tarih
datival <> dolay
datival <> ismin
dative <> datif
dative <> dolay
dative <> ismin
datolite <> Datol
datum <> bilgi
datum <> data
datum <> haber
datum <> malum
datum <> veri
datums <> datum
datura <> tatul
daub <> çamur
daub <> acemi
daub <> becer
daub <> bulaş
daub <> harç
daub <> kirle
daub <> sürme
daub <> sıvam
dauber <> acemi
daubster <> acemi
daud <> Daud
daugher <> daugh
daughter <> bağ
daughter <> ilişk
daughter <> kız
daughter <> kız 
daughterboard <> çekme
daughterly <> kız
daughterly <> kız 
daughters <> kızla
daun <> Daun
dauner <> Daune
daunorubicin <> dauno
daunt <> cesar
daunt <> gözün
daunt <> korku
daunt <> yıldı
daunted <> yılgı
daunting <> yıldı
dauntless <> aziml
dauntless <> cesur
dauntless <> korku
dauntless <> yılma
dauntlessness <> perva
dauphin <> Dauph
daut <> Daut
davenport <> kanep
davit <> Davit
davits <> mataf
daw <> küçük
dawdle <> ağır
dawdle <> aylak
dawdle <> boşa
dawdle <> salla
dawdler <> avare
dawdler <> aylak
dawdler <> boş
dawdler <> boş 
dawdler <> serse
dawen <> Dawen
dawes <> Dawes
dawn <> şafak
dawn <> aydın
dawn <> başla
dawn <> belir
dawn <> gün 
dawn <> ortay
dawn <> tan
dawn <> uyanm
dawning <> ağarm
dawns <> başlı
daws <> Daws
dawsonite <> Davso
day <> dönem
day <> gün
day <> gündü
day <> zaman
daybook <> günlü
daybook <> hatır
daybook <> kasa
dayboy <> gündü
dayboy <> yatıs
daybreak <> şafak
daycare <> bakım
daydream <> hayâl
daydreamer <> hayâl
daydreamer <> hayal
daydreamers <> Daydr
daydreaming <> hayal
daydreams <> hayal
dayfly <> kısa
daygirl <> gündü
daygirl <> yatıs
daylight <> şafak
daylight <> aralı
daylight <> aydın
daylight <> boşlu
daylight <> gün
daylight <> gün 
daylight <> gündü
daylights <> Dayli
daylong <> günlü
dayman <> Dayma
daypack <> sırt
days <> gün
days <> günle
daystar <> güneş
daystar <> seher
daytime <> gündü
daytime <> iş 
daytimes <> gündü
daytrader <> Daytr
daze <> şaşır
daze <> şaşkı
daze <> afall
daze <> büyül
daze <> serse
dazedly <> şaşkı
dazedly <> serse
dazes <> zarar
dazzle <> büyül
dazzle <> göz 
dazzle <> kamuf
dazzle <> pırıl
dazzle <> parla
dazzled <> kamaş
dazzler <> büyül
dazzler <> blöfç
dazzler <> göz
dazzler <> göz 
dazzles <> kamaş
dazzling <> şaşır
dazzling <> büyül
dazzling <> göz
dazzling <> göz 
dazzling <> parla
dazzlingly <> göz
deacetylase <> dease
deacetylation <> dease
deacon <> diyak
deacon <> yardı
deaconess <> kadın
deaconry <> diyak
deactivate <> devre
deactivate <> durdu
deactivate <> etkis
deactivated <> devre
deactivates <> deakt
deactivating <> kapat
deactivation <> deakt
deactivation <> etkis
dead <> çıkma
dead <> çok
dead <> ölü
dead <> ölü 
dead <> ölmüş
dead <> aşırı
dead <> acıma
dead <> büsbü
dead <> bozuk
dead <> cansı
dead <> derma
dead <> donuk
dead <> keski
dead <> kulla
dead <> sönmü
dead <> tam
dead <> tamam
dead <> unutu
deadbeat <> avant
deadbeat <> beleş
deadbeat <> bitki
deadbeat <> borcu
deadbeat <> periş
deadbeats <> Deadb
deadbolt <> sürgü
deadbolts <> sürgü
deaden <> azalt
deaden <> donuk
deaden <> duygu
deaden <> hafif
deaden <> katıl
deaden <> kesme
deaden <> matla
deadened <> hafif
deadeye <> keski
deadfall <> Deadf
deadhead <> başar
deadhead <> bedav
deadhead <> bilet
deadhead <> boş 
deadhead <> dalka
deadhead <> giriş
deadhead <> yağcı
deadheading <> toolk
deadhouse <> Deadh
deadlands <> Deadl
deadlier <> ölümc
deadliest <> ölümc
deadlifts <> deadl
deadline <> sınır
deadline <> son
deadline <> son 
deadline <> zaman
deadlines <> tarih
deadliness <> ölüm
deadliness <> öldür
deadliness <> aşırı
deadlock <> çıkma
deadlock <> durgu
deadlock <> tıkan
deadlock <> yerin
deadlocked <> çıkma
deadlocks <> çıkma
deadly <> çok
deadly <> ölü 
deadly <> ölümü
deadly <> ölüm
deadly <> ölümc
deadly <> öldür
deadly <> ölesi
deadly <> amans
deadly <> müthi
deadly <> son 
deadness <> bitki
deadness <> donuk
deadness <> durgu
deadness <> duyar
deadness <> hissi
deadness <> kesat
deadness <> uyuşu
deadpan <> duygu
deads <> ölenl
deadweight <> Deadw
deadwood <> Deadw
deaerated <> havas
deaeration <> Hava
deaerator <> degaz
deaf <> ağır
deaf <> dik 
deaf <> duyar
deaf <> kulak
deaf <> sağır
deafen <> sağır
deafen <> ses 
deafened <> sağır
deafening <> sağır
deafness <> ağır
deafness <> sağır
deal <> çam 
deal <> alışv
deal <> anlaş
deal <> dağıt
deal <> daha
deal <> davra
deal <> değin
deal <> ele 
deal <> iş 
deal <> ilgil
deal <> kâğıt
deal <> meşgu
deal <> mikta
deal <> muame
deal <> oldu
deal <> pazar
deal <> uğraş
deal <> uyuşt
deal <> vurma
deal <> yönte
dealed <> uğraş
dealer <> borsa
dealer <> kâğıt
dealer <> krupi
dealer <> satıc
dealer <> tücca
dealers <> bayil
dealership <> bayil
dealership <> satıc
dealerships <> bayil
dealey <> Deale
dealing <> alışv
dealing <> dağıt
dealing <> davra
dealing <> iş
dealing <> ilgil
dealing <> ilişk
dealing <> muame
dealings <> bağla
dealings <> iş 
dealings <> ilişk
deallocate <> ayırm
deallocated <> ayırm
deallocates <> serbe
deallocation <> serbe
deals <> fırsa
dealt <> ele
dealth <> durul
deaminase <> deami
deaminated <> deami
deaminates <> deami
deamination <> Deami
dean <> başka
dean <> dekan
dean <> en 
deanery <> başra
deanery <> dekan
deans <> dekan
deanship <> dekan
dear <> aziz
dear <> canım
dear <> değer
dear <> deme
dear <> hay 
dear <> içten
dear <> kıyme
dear <> pahal
dear <> samim
dear <> sevgi
dear <> sevil
dear <> sevim
dear <> tatlı
dear <> yazık
dearborn <> Dearb
dearest <> gözbe
dearest <> gözde
dearie <> biric
dearie <> en 
dearie <> sevgi
dearling <> canım
dearling <> sevgi
dearly <> içten
dearly <> pahal
dearly <> samim
dearness <> değer
dearness <> pahal
dearness <> sevgi
dears <> canla
dearth <> açlık
dearth <> eksik
dearth <> kıtlı
dearth <> yoklu
deary <> biric
deary <> en 
deary <> sevgi
death <> ölüm
death <> ölme
death <> ecel
death <> tüken
death <> yıkım
deathbed <> ölüm
deathday <> ölüm
deathless <> ölüms
deathlike <> ölüm
deathlike <> öldür
deathly <> ölüm
deathly <> öldür
deathray <> Death
deathroll <> Death
deaths <> ölüm
deaths <> vefat
deathtrap <> ölüm
deathwatch <> tahta
debacle <> bozgu
debacle <> buzul
debacle <> felâk
debacle <> fiyas
debacle <> kaçış
debacle <> yıkım
debar <> engel
debar <> mahru
debar <> menet
debar <> yasak
debar <> yoksu
debark <> karay
debarkation <> karay
debarked <> kabuğ
debarred <> men
debarring <> yasak
debase <> alçal
debase <> bozma
debase <> değer
debase <> itiba
debase <> küçük
debase <> sahte
debased <> alçal
debased <> bayağ
debased <> değer
debased <> küçük
debaser <> Debas
debatable <> şüphe
debatable <> kuşku
debatable <> soruş
debatable <> tartı
debate <> çekiş
debate <> düşün
debate <> danış
debate <> dikka
debate <> görüş
debate <> müzak
debate <> tartı
debateable <> şüphe
debateable <> kuşku
debateable <> soruş
debateable <> tartı
debated <> tartı
debater <> konuş
debater <> tartı
debaters <> Debat
debates <> tartı
debating <> tartı
debauch <> ahlak
debauch <> ayart
debauch <> ayyaş
debauch <> başta
debauch <> bozma
debauch <> geçer
debauch <> kötü
debauch <> sefah
debauch <> zevk
debauched <> ahlak
debauched <> zevk
debauchee <> çapkı
debauchee <> uçarı
debauchee <> zampa
debaucher <> ayart
debaucher <> başta
debaucher <> kandı
debauchery <> çapkı
debauchery <> ahlak
debauchery <> ayyaş
debauchery <> sefah
debauchery <> uçarı
debauchery <> zampa
debby <> Debby
debenture <> borç
debenture <> borçl
debenture <> gümrü
debilitate <> güçte
debilitate <> zayıf
debilitated <> derma
debilitating <> zayıf
debilitation <> güçte
debilitation <> zayıf
debility <> derma
debility <> halsi
debility <> zayıf
debinding <> ayrış
debit <> borç
debit <> borçl
debit <> zimme
debited <> tahsi
debiting <> borçl
debits <> borçl
deblock <> deblo
deblock <> serbe
debonair <> şirin
debonair <> güler
debonair <> hoş
debonair <> nazik
debonair <> neşel
debonaire <> şirin
debonaire <> güler
debonaire <> hoş
debonaire <> nazik
debonaire <> neşel
deboned <> ayrıl
deboning <> ET
debouch <> açıkl
debouch <> dar 
debouch <> ortay
debouchment <> açığa
debouchment <> ağız
debrided <> debri
debridement <> debri
debridements <> debri
debrief <> bilgi
debriefing <> bilgi
debriefings <> brifi
debris <> atıkl
debris <> dökün
debris <> enkaz
debris <> kırın
debris <> yıkın
debt <> borç
debt <> borçl
debtor <> borç
debtor <> borçl
debtors <> borçl
debts <> borçl
debug <> debug
debug <> dinle
debug <> onarm
debug <> tamir
debugged <> ayıkl
debuggers <> debug
debugging <> ayıkl
debugs <> ayıkl
debulking <> tümör
debunk <> açığa
debunk <> gerçe
debunk <> kirli
debunk <> maske
debunk <> putla
deburring <> çapak
debus <> araçt
debus <> boşal
debus <> yük 
debut <> ilk
debut <> sahne
debut <> sosye
debut <> toplu
debutant <> ilk
debutant <> ilk 
debutant <> sosye
debutante <> ilk
debutante <> ilk 
debutante <> sosye
debutantes <> Debut
debuts <> başla
decade <> on
decade <> onlu
decade <> onluk
decade <> onyıl
decadence <> çöküş
decadence <> geril
decadence <> yıkıl
decadent <> çökmü
decadent <> çökme
decadent <> geril
decadent <> yıkıl
decades <> yılla
decaf <> kafei
decaff <> Decaf
decaffeinate <> kafei
decaffeinated <> kafei
decagon <> dekag
decagon <> ongen
decagram <> dekag
decagram <> on 
decahydrate <> dekah
decal <> çıkar
decalcification <> yumuş
decalcify <> kireç
decalcify <> kirec
decalcifying <> Mutla
decalcomania <> çıkar
decaliter <> dekal
decaliter <> on 
decalitre <> dekal
decalitre <> on 
decalogue <> on
decalogue <> on 
decals <> çıkar
decalvans <> dekal
decameron <> Decam
decameter <> dekam
decameter <> on 
decametre <> dekam
decametre <> on 
decamp <> ayrıl
decamp <> kaçma
decamp <> kampı
decamp <> sıvış
decampment <> ayrıl
decampment <> kampı
decampment <> sıvış
decanal <> dekan
decane <> Deçan
decangular <> on
decangular <> on 
decani <> Decan
decant <> şişed
decant <> dikka
decantation <> Susuz
decanted <> dekan
decanter <> şarap
decanter <> sürah
decanter <> süzme
decanters <> dekan
decanting <> şişed
decaphyllous <> on
decaphyllous <> on 
decapitate <> başın
decapitate <> işten
decapitation <> başın
decapitation <> boynu
decapitation <> işten
decapod <> on
decapod <> on 
decapoda <> Decap
decarbonate <> karbo
decarbonisation <> dekar
decarbonize <> karbo
decarboxylase <> dekar
decarboxylases <> dekar
decarboxylated <> dekar
decarboxylation <> dekar
decarburisation <> dekar
decarburization <> dekar
decarburized <> dekar
decarburizing <> karbo
decare <> dekar
decares <> dekar
decathlete <> dekat
decathlon <> dekat
decatize <> kolas
decatizing <> dekat
decay <> çöküş
decay <> çürük
decay <> çürüm
decay <> çürüt
decay <> ayrış
decay <> azalm
decay <> bozma
decay <> bozul
decay <> düşkü
decay <> dağıl
decay <> halsi
decay <> parça
decay <> yıkıl
decay <> zayıf
decayed <> çürük
decayed <> çürüm
decayed <> aşınm
decayed <> düşkü
decayed <> dağıl
decayed <> dumur
decayed <> halsi
decayed <> takât
decayed <> zayıf
decaying <> çürüy
decays <> bozun
decease <> ölüm
decease <> ölmek
decease <> vefat
deceased <> ölü
deceased <> ölmüş
deceased <> merhu
deceased <> rahme
decedent <> ölmüş
decedent <> merhu
deceit <> aldat
deceit <> düzen
deceit <> dolan
deceit <> hile
deceit <> hilek
deceit <> kötüy
deceit <> kazık
deceit <> yalan
deceitful <> düzen
deceitful <> dolan
deceitful <> hain
deceitful <> hileb
deceitful <> hilek
deceitful <> yalan
deceitfulness <> dolan
deceitfulness <> hilek
deceitfulness <> sahte
deceits <> aldat
deceivable <> kolay
deceivable <> saf
deceive <> aldat
deceive <> faka
deceive <> ihane
deceive <> kafes
deceive <> kandı
deceive <> kaybe
deceive <> kazık
deceive <> kekle
deceive <> oyun
deceive <> yitir
deceive <> yuttu
deceived <> aldat
deceiver <> düzen
deceiver <> hilek
deceiver <> yalan
deceivers <> sahte
deceives <> aldat
deceiving <> aldat
deceivings <> aldat
decelerate <> hız 
decelerate <> yavaş
decelerated <> yavaş
decelerates <> yavaş
decelerating <> Yavaş
deceleration <> yavaş
decelerations <> desel
decency <> ılıml
decency <> anlay
decency <> edep
decency <> namus
decency <> nezak
decency <> terbi
decency <> uygun
decennial <> on 
decennial <> onunc
decennially <> on
decennially <> on 
decennium <> on
decennium <> on 
decent <> adam
decent <> alçak
decent <> edepl
decent <> hoşgö
decent <> iyi
decent <> iyi 
decent <> nazik
decent <> saygı
decent <> terbi
decent <> uygun
decent <> yeter
decentered <> desan
decently <> adam
decently <> hoşgö
decently <> iyi
decently <> terbi
decentralisation <> desan
decentralisation <> merke
decentralisation <> sorum
decentralise <> bağım
decentralised <> adem-
decentralising <> bileş
decentralization <> desan
decentralization <> merke
decentralization <> sorum
decentralize <> bağım
decentralized <> adem-
decentralizing <> bileş
decentration <> desan
deception <> aldan
deception <> aldat
deception <> ayart
deception <> dalav
deception <> hile
deception <> kandı
deception <> kanma
deception <> utanç
deceptions <> aldat
deceptive <> aldat
deceptively <> aldat
dechlorination <> deklo
decibel <> desib
decibel <> güç 
decibels <> desib
decidability <> karar
decide <> azmet
decide <> belir
decide <> hüküm
decide <> karar
decide <> sonuc
decided <> şüphe
decided <> açık
decided <> aziml
decided <> karar
decided <> kesin
decided <> tartı
decidedly <> şüphe
decidedly <> karal
decidedly <> kesin
decider <> final
decider <> karar
decider <> kesin
decider <> sonuc
decides <> karar
deciding <> karar
decidua <> desid
decidual <> desid
deciduous <> belli
deciduous <> dökül
deciduous <> geçic
deciduous <> yapra
decigram <> desig
decigram <> gramı
decigramme <> desig
decigramme <> gramı
deciles <> Dilim
deciliter <> desil
deciliter <> litre
decilitre <> desil
decilitre <> litre
decillion <> binin
decillion <> desil
decillion <> milyo
decima <> Decim
decimal <> ondal
decimal <> onlu
decimalize <> ondal
decimally <> ondal
decimals <> ondal
decimate <> çoğun
decimate <> öneml
decimate <> her 
decimate <> kırıp
decimation <> kırım
decimation <> katli
decimation <> onda
decimator <> Decim
decimeter <> desim
decimeter <> metre
decimetre <> desim
decimetre <> metre
decines <> Decin
decipher <> çözme
decipher <> şifre
decipher <> deşif
decipher <> yorum
decipherable <> çözüm
decipherable <> anlaş
decipherable <> deşif
deciphered <> deşif
deciphering <> deşif
decipherment <> şifre
decipherment <> deşif
deciphers <> deşif
decision <> hüküm
decision <> karar
decision <> sonuç
decisional <> karar
decisioning <> karar
decisionmakers <> karar
decisions <> karar
decisive <> aziml
decisive <> belir
decisive <> karar
decisive <> kesin
decisively <> karar
decisively <> katı
decisiveness <> belir
decisiveness <> karar
decisiveness <> katiy
decisiveness <> kesin
deck <> üst 
deck <> deste
deck <> güver
deck <> iskam
deck <> kat
deckchair <> şezlo
deckchairs <> şezlo
decked <> katlı
deckel <> DECKE
decker <> katlı
deckers <> güver
deckhand <> tayfa
deckheads <> Tavan
decking <> Decki
deckle <> kâğıt
decks <> güver
declaim <> bağır
declaim <> heyec
declaim <> nutuk
declaim <> söyle
declaim <> yükse
declaimed <> çıkma
declaiming <> nutuk
declamation <> çatma
declamation <> bağır
declamation <> heyec
declamation <> hitab
declamation <> konuş
declamation <> nutuk
declamatory <> coşku
declamatory <> göste
declamatory <> heyec
declamatory <> söyle
declamatory <> yükse
declamping <> klemp
declarable <> gümrü
declarant <> beyan
declarant <> bildi
declarant <> vatan
declaration <> açıkl
declaration <> beyan
declaration <> bildi
declaration <> dekla
declaration <> demeç
declaration <> ifade
declarations <> bildi
declarative <> beyan
declarative <> bildi
declarator <> bildi
declarators <> bildi
declaratory <> açıkl
declaratory <> ifade
declare <> açıkl
declare <> afişe
declare <> beyan
declare <> bildi
declare <> deklâ
declare <> fikri
declare <> ifade
declare <> ilan
declared <> açık
declared <> aleni
declared <> dekla
declared <> ilan
declared <> kesin
declaredly <> açıkç
declaredly <> kendi
declaredly <> kesin
declarer <> beyan
declarer <> ilan
declarer <> oyunu
declares <> beyan
declaring <> ilan
declasse <> çevre
declassified <> gizli
declassify <> açıkl
declassify <> gizli
declension <> çekim
declension <> bozul
declension <> geril
declension <> sapma
declensional <> çekim
declinable <> çekil
declinable <> çekim
declination <> eğim
declination <> geri
declination <> redde
declination <> sapma
declination <> yokuş
decline <> çöküş
decline <> çökme
decline <> çürüm
decline <> çekil
decline <> çekme
decline <> çevir
decline <> azalm
decline <> batma
decline <> bozul
decline <> düşüş
decline <> düşme
decline <> eğimi
decline <> eğmek
decline <> güçte
decline <> geri
decline <> geril
decline <> kabul
decline <> yolun
decline <> zayıf
declined <> redde
declines <> düşüş
declining <> azala
declivitous <> dik
declivitous <> dik 
declivitous <> eğiml
declivitous <> meyil
declivity <> bayır
declivity <> iniş
declivity <> meyil
declivity <> yamaç
declutch <> debri
decoct <> kayna
decoction <> kayna
decode <> şifre
decode <> deşif
decode <> decod
decode <> kod 
decoded <> çözüm
decoder <> şifre
decoders <> kod
decodes <> çözüm
decoding <> şifre
decodings <> kodaç
decoherence <> eşevr
decollement <> dekol
decolletage <> dekol
decollete <> açık
decollete <> dekol
decolonisation <> sömür
decolonization <> sömür
decolonize <> kolon
decolor <> ağart
decolor <> rengi
decolor <> soldu
decolorant <> ağart
decolorant <> rengi
decolorant <> renk
decoloration <> renk
decolorisation <> Renks
decolorization <> renks
decolorize <> ağart
decolorize <> rengi
decolorize <> soldu
decolour <> ağart
decolour <> rengi
decolour <> soldu
decolourize <> ağart
decolourize <> rengi
decolourize <> soldu
decommissioned <> hizme
decommissioning <> devre
decompensate <> dekom
decompensated <> dekom
decompensation <> dekom
decompile <> derle
decompilers <> decom
decomposable <> ayrış
decompose <> çürüm
decompose <> çürüt
decompose <> ayrış
decompose <> dağıl
decompose <> dağıt
decomposed <> çözün
decomposed <> çürüm
decomposed <> ayrış
decomposers <> Ayrış
decomposes <> parça
decomposing <> ayrış
decomposite <> ayrış
decomposition <> çürük
decomposition <> çürüm
decomposition <> anali
decomposition <> ayrış
decomposition <> bozuk
decomposition <> bozul
decompositions <> ayrış
decompress <> basın
decompressed <> dekom
decompresser <> açıcı
decompresses <> açar
decompression <> baskı
decompression <> dekom
decompressive <> dekom
decompressor <> açıcı
decompressors <> açıcı
decon <> Decon
deconcentration <> yetki
decondition <> dekon
deconditioning <> kondi
decongest <> kalab
decongest <> topla
decongestant <> Dekon
decongestants <> dekon
decongestion <> dekon
decongestive <> dekon
deconsecrate <> dini
deconstruct <> yapıs
deconstructing <> yapıs
deconstruction <> yapıs
deconstructionist <> yapıb
deconstructive <> yapıs
decontaminant <> dekon
decontaminate <> arınd
decontaminate <> temiz
decontaminate <> zarar
decontaminated <> dekon
decontaminates <> dekon
decontaminating <> arınd
decontamination <> arınd
decontamination <> arıtm
decontamination <> dezen
decontrol <> denet
decontrol <> kontr
decontrol <> serbe
decor <> dekor
decor <> mizan
decor <> süsle
decorate <> bezem
decorate <> boyam
decorate <> dekor
decorate <> donat
decorate <> süsle
decorated <> dekor
decorated <> süsle
decorates <> süsle
decorating <> dekor
decoration <> dekor
decoration <> iç 
decoration <> madal
decoration <> nişan
decoration <> süs
decoration <> süsle
decorations <> süsle
decorative <> dekor
decorative <> süsle
decoratively <> dekor
decorator <> dekor
decorators <> dekor
decore <> dekor
decorous <> münas
decorous <> terbi
decorous <> zevkl
decors <> dekor
decorticate <> kabuğ
decorticate <> soyma
decorticate <> zarın
decorticated <> dekor
decortication <> dekor
decortications <> dekor
decorum <> edep
decorum <> nezak
decorum <> terbi
decoupage <> Dekup
decouple <> ayrış
decoupling <> ayırı
decouplings <> Ayırm
decoy <> çığır
decoy <> ördek
decoy <> av 
decoy <> ayart
decoy <> hile
decoy <> tatbi
decoy <> tuzağ
decoy <> tuzak
decoy <> yem
decoys <> yemle
decrease <> azalm
decrease <> azalt
decrease <> düşüş
decrease <> düşme
decrease <> eksil
decrease <> inmek
decrease <> küçül
decreased <> azalm
decreases <> azalı
decreasing <> azala
decreasingly <> gitti
decree <> buyur
decree <> emir
decree <> emret
decree <> ferma
decree <> hüküm
decree <> karar
decreed <> hükme
decreeing <> emirl
decrees <> karar
decrement <> azalm
decrement <> eksil
decrement <> kayıp
decrement <> zayia
decremental <> azala
decremented <> azalt
decrements <> azalt
decrepit <> çökmü
decrepit <> bir 
decrepit <> eli 
decrepit <> eskim
decrepit <> zayıf
decrepitate <> çatır
decrepitate <> ateşt
decrepitude <> derma
decrepitude <> ihtiy
decrepitude <> köhne
decrescendo <> dekre
decrescendo <> dimin
decrescent <> azala
decrescent <> küçül
decretal <> dini
decrial <> kötül
decriminalisation <> decri
decriminalise <> decri
decriminalised <> decri
decriminalising <> decri
decrowning <> Decro
decry <> azarl
decry <> kötül
decry <> kınam
decry <> rezil
decrypt <> şifre
decrypted <> şifre
decrypting <> şifre
decryption <> şifre
decrypts <> çözer
decubital <> Dekub
decubitis <> deküb
decumbent <> eğilm
decumbent <> yatık
decuple <> on
decuple <> on 
decussate <> çapra
dedal <> Dedal
dedicant <> adak
dedicate <> adama
dedicate <> hizme
dedicate <> ithaf
dedicate <> tahsi
dedicate <> verme
dedicated <> adanm
dedicated <> ithaf
dedicated <> veril
dedicates <> ayırı
dedicating <> ithaf
dedication <> ithaf
dedication <> tahsi
dedications <> adak
dedicator <> adaya
dedicator <> tahsi
dedicatory <> ithaf
dedifferentiated <> dedif
deduce <> anlam
deduce <> geliş
deduce <> sonuç
deduced <> çıkar
deducible <> anlaş
deducible <> sonuç
deduct <> çıkar
deduct <> düşer
deduct <> düşme
deduct <> hesap
deducted <> mahsu
deductibility <> düşül
deductible <> çıkar
deductible <> düşül
deductible <> indir
deducting <> düşül
deduction <> çıkar
deduction <> indir
deduction <> kesin
deduction <> sonuç
deduction <> tümde
deductions <> kesin
deductive <> çıkar
deductive <> anlaş
deductive <> sonuç
deductive <> tümde
deducts <> düşer
deduplication <> tekil
deed <> başar
deed <> belge
deed <> cesar
deed <> eylem
deed <> fiil
deed <> iş
deed <> kahra
deed <> senet
deed <> tapu
deeds <> işler
deejay <> diskc
deem <> dikka
deem <> farze
deem <> gördü
deem <> inanm
deem <> sayma
deem <> varsa
deem <> zanne
deemed <> kabul
deemer <> Deeme
deeming <> gören
deems <> gördü
deenergize <> enerj
deep <> şidde
deep <> ağır
deep <> aşırı
deep <> anlaş
deep <> bilin
deep <> dalgı
deep <> derin
deep <> esrar
deep <> geniş
deep <> içten
deep <> karış
deep <> karan
deep <> keski
deep <> koyu
deep <> koyul
deep <> pes
deep <> tok
deep <> yürek
deepen <> şidde
deepen <> artır
deepen <> artma
deepen <> derin
deepen <> koyul
deepened <> derin
deepening <> derin
deepens <> derin
deeper <> derin
deepest <> derin
deeping <> Deepi
deeply <> çok
deeply <> derin
deeply <> içten
deeply <> son 
deepness <> akıll
deepness <> boğuk
deepness <> derin
deepness <> engin
deepness <> karan
deepness <> koyul
deepness <> zekâ
deeps <> diple
deepsea <> DEEPS
deer <> geyik
deer <> karac
deere <> Deere
deers <> geyik
deerstalker <> geyik
deerstalking <> geyik
dees <> Dees
deesis <> Deesi
deet <> DEET
deface <> çirki
deface <> bozma
deface <> görün
deface <> okunm
deface <> tahri
defaced <> kazın
defacement <> bozma
defacement <> kazın
defacement <> silin
defacement <> silme
defacement <> tahri
defacements <> tahri
defalcate <> çalma
defalcate <> emane
defalcate <> zimme
defalcation <> çalma
defalcation <> eksik
defalcation <> kusur
defalcation <> zimme
defamation <> hakar
defamation <> iftir
defamation <> karal
defamatory <> şeref
defamatory <> iftir
defamatory <> lekel
defame <> dil 
defame <> hakar
defame <> iftir
defame <> kötül
defame <> namus
defamer <> iftir
defaming <> tahki
defatted <> yağı
defatted <> yağda
defatting <> yağ
default <> Varsa
default <> görev
default <> gıyab
default <> gıyap
default <> gelme
default <> hükme
default <> ihmâl
default <> karşı
default <> kusur
default <> mahke
default <> yüküm
default <> yeral
defaulted <> varsa
defaulter <> asker
defaulter <> borcu
defaulter <> emane
defaulter <> gaip
defaulter <> yerin
defaulting <> varsa
defaults <> varsa
defeasance <> fesih
defeasance <> iptal
defeasance <> kaldı
defeasible <> iptal
defeasible <> kaldı
defeat <> aşmak
defeat <> aleyh
defeat <> başar
defeat <> boşa
defeat <> bozgu
defeat <> devir
defeat <> engel
defeat <> hüsra
defeat <> hayal
defeat <> iptal
defeat <> mağlu
defeat <> red
defeat <> ret
defeat <> yenil
defeat <> yenme
defeated <> yendi
defeating <> mağlu
defeatism <> bozgu
defeatism <> yenil
defeatist <> bozgu
defeatist <> yenil
defeats <> yendi
defecate <> arınm
defecate <> arıtm
defecate <> dışkı
defecate <> kaka
defecate <> kurtu
defecation <> büyük
defecation <> dışkı
defecation <> kaka
defect <> özür
defect <> arıza
defect <> ayrıl
defect <> bozuk
defect <> dönek
defect <> eksik
defect <> iltic
defect <> kaçma
defect <> kusur
defect <> noksa
defect <> sığın
defect <> sakat
defected <> Arıza
defection <> çekil
defection <> ayrıl
defection <> ihane
defection <> iltic
defection <> sığın
defective <> özürl
defective <> arıza
defective <> eksik
defective <> kusur
defective <> sakat
defective <> yeter
defectively <> hatal
defectiveness <> özürl
defectiveness <> eksik
defectiveness <> kusur
defectives <> kusur
defector <> dönen
defector <> iltic
defector <> sığın
defectors <> sığın
defects <> defek
defence <> daval
defence <> defan
defence <> doğru
defence <> himay
defence <> korum
defence <> korun
defence <> sanık
defence <> savun
defenced <> savun
defenceless <> deste
defenceless <> korum
defenceless <> savun
defenceman <> defan
defencemen <> defen
defences <> asker
defences <> savun
defend <> korum
defend <> müdaf
defend <> savun
defendable <> korun
defendable <> savun
defendant <> daval
defendant <> sanık
defendant <> zanlı
defendants <> sanık
defended <> savun
defender <> ünvan
defender <> koruy
defender <> savun
defenders <> savun
defending <> korum
defending <> savun
defends <> savun
defense <> daval
defense <> defan
defense <> doğru
defense <> himay
defense <> korum
defense <> korun
defense <> sanık
defense <> savun
defenseless <> deste
defenseless <> korum
defenseless <> savun
defenselessly <> savun
defenselessness <> savun
defenseman <> defan
defenses <> asker
defenses <> savun
defensible <> hak 
defensible <> savun
defensins <> defen
defensive <> koruy
defensive <> savun
defensively <> savun
defensor <> Defen
defer <> ağırd
defer <> ertel
defer <> riaye
defer <> saygı
defer <> tecil
defer <> uymak
deference <> hürme
deference <> itaat
deference <> riaye
deference <> saygı
deference <> uyma
deferent <> hürme
deferent <> saygı
deferent <> uyuml
deferential <> hürme
deferential <> saygı
deferential <> uyuml
deferment <> ertel
deferment <> tecil
deferment <> vade
deferoxamine <> defro
deferrable <> ertel
deferrable <> tecil
deferrable <> vade
deferral <> ertel
deferrals <> ertel
deferred <> ertel
deferred <> gecik
deferred <> vadel
defers <> Ertel
defi <> rejim
defiance <> karşı
defiance <> meyda
defiance <> muhal
defiance <> nispe
defiance <> saygı
defiant <> karşı
defiant <> meyda
defiant <> muhal
defiant <> uymay
defiantly <> meyda
defibrillation <> defib
defibrillator <> defib
defibrillators <> defib
defibrinated <> defib
defibrination <> defib
deficiencies <> eksik
deficiency <> açık
deficiency <> eksik
deficiency <> gerek
deficiency <> geril
deficiency <> hesap
deficiency <> kusur
deficiency <> noksa
deficiency <> yeter
deficiency <> yoksu
deficient <> açık
deficient <> eksik
deficient <> gerek
deficient <> yeter
deficit <> açık
deficit <> dezav
deficit <> eksik
deficit <> hesap
deficits <> açıkl
defied <> meyda
defier <> karşı
defier <> meyda
defies <> meyda
defilade <> istih
defile <> bozma
defile <> dar 
defile <> darbo
defile <> kötüy
defile <> kirle
defile <> lekel
defile <> tek 
defilement <> kirle
defilement <> lekel
defilement <> pisle
definability <> tanım
definable <> ayırt
definable <> tanım
definable <> tanın
define <> belir
define <> tanım
define <> tarif
defined <> tanım
definer <> DEFIN
definers <> tanım
defines <> tanım
defining <> tanım
definite <> şüphe
definite <> açık
definite <> belir
definite <> kati
definite <> kesin
definite <> kuşku
definite <> su 
definitely <> açıkç
definitely <> elbet
definitely <> kesin
definitely <> kuşku
definitely <> tamam
definiteness <> açıkl
definiteness <> katiy
definiteness <> kesin
definition <> açıkl
definition <> belir
definition <> kesin
definition <> seçik
definition <> tanım
definition <> tarif
definitional <> tanım
definitions <> tanım
definitive <> açık
definitive <> belgi
definitive <> belir
definitive <> kesin
definitive <> koşul
definitive <> son
definitively <> kesin
deflagrate <> alev
deflagrate <> parla
deflagrate <> tutuş
deflagration <> alev
deflagration <> birde
deflagration <> parla
deflate <> burnu
deflate <> düşür
deflate <> gurur
deflate <> havas
deflate <> söndü
deflate <> yükse
deflated <> defla
deflation <> defla
deflation <> enfla
deflation <> havas
deflationary <> defla
deflations <> sönme
deflator <> defla
deflators <> defla
deflect <> çevir
deflect <> cayma
deflect <> döndü
deflect <> dönme
deflect <> sapma
deflect <> saptı
deflected <> saptı
deflecting <> saptı
deflection <> dönme
deflection <> sapma
deflections <> depla
deflectometer <> Defle
deflector <> defle
deflector <> saptı
deflectors <> defle
deflects <> saptı
deflexion <> dönme
deflexion <> sapma
deflocculate <> deflo
deflorate <> çiçek
deflorate <> bekâr
deflorate <> kızlı
deflorate <> kopar
defloration <> kızlı
defloration <> saflı
deflower <> çiçek
deflower <> bekâr
deflower <> kızlı
deflower <> kopar
deflux <> Deflu
defoamer <> köpük
defoamers <> köpük
defocus <> Odak
defoliant <> yapra
defoliants <> Yapra
defoliate <> bitki
defoliate <> yapra
defoliating <> Dökme
defoliation <> yapra
deforce <> alıko
deforest <> ağaçl
deforest <> orman
deforestation <> ağaçl
deforestation <> orman
deform <> çirki
deform <> biçim
deform <> defor
deformability <> defor
deformable <> defor
deformation <> biçim
deformation <> bozul
deformation <> defor
deformation <> sakat
deformational <> defor
deformations <> defor
deformed <> çarpı
deformed <> şekli
deformed <> defor
deformer <> Defor
deforming <> defor
deformities <> defor
deformity <> şekil
deformity <> biçim
deformity <> bozuk
deformity <> moral
deformity <> sakat
deforms <> defor
defrag <> dolan
defragment <> birle
defragmentation <> birle
defragmented <> birle
defragmenter <> birle
defragmenting <> birle
defragments <> bütün
defrags <> birle
defraud <> aldat
defraud <> dolan
defraud <> elind
defraud <> hakkı
defraudation <> dolan
defraudation <> hakkı
defraudation <> yoksu
defraudation <> yolsu
defrauded <> dolan
defrauder <> vergi
defrauder <> yolsu
defray <> ödeme
defray <> masra
defrayal <> ödenm
defrock <> papaz
defrost <> çözme
defrost <> buzun
defrost <> defro
defrosted <> çözül
defroster <> buz
defrosters <> buz
defrosting <> Defro
defrosts <> defro
deft <> becer
deft <> eli 
deft <> usta
deftly <> ustal
deftness <> becer
deftness <> hüner
deftness <> mahar
deftness <> ustal
defunct <> ölü
defunct <> ölmüş
defunct <> geçer
defuncts <> Defun
defuse <> etkis
defuse <> tansi
defuse <> yatış
defused <> etkis
defusing <> dağıt
defusion <> ayrış
defy <> alnın
defy <> gücün
defy <> küçüm
defy <> kışkı
defy <> karşı
defy <> meyda
defying <> meyda
degas <> gazın
degas <> gazda
degasifier <> degaz
degassed <> gazla
degasser <> degaz
degassers <> degaz
degassing <> gaz
degauss <> gemiy
degausser <> Degau
degaussing <> Degau
degen <> Degen
degeneracy <> dejen
degeneracy <> yozla
degenerate <> bozul
degenerate <> dejen
degenerate <> soysu
degenerate <> soyu
degenerate <> yoz
degenerate <> yoz 
degenerate <> yozla
degenerated <> dejen
degenerates <> soysu
degenerating <> bozuc
degeneration <> bozul
degeneration <> dejen
degeneration <> yozla
degenerations <> dejen
degenerative <> dejen
degens <> Degen
deglazed <> sosta
deglazing <> Süzme
deglutition <> yutma
degradability <> parça
degradable <> parça
degradation <> alçal
degradation <> azalm
degradation <> bozul
degradation <> düşür
degradation <> indir
degradation <> rütbe
degradative <> yıkım
degrade <> aşınm
degrade <> düşme
degrade <> geril
degrade <> indir
degrade <> küçük
degrade <> onuru
degrade <> rütbe
degrade <> rengi
degraded <> bozul
degrades <> alçal
degrading <> alçal
degrading <> küçül
degrading <> onur
degranulation <> degra
degras <> degra
degreased <> yağda
degreaser <> yağ
degreasers <> Yağ
degreases <> grest
degreasing <> yağ
degree <> ünvan
degree <> aşama
degree <> derec
degree <> diplo
degree <> evre
degree <> karşı
degree <> lisan
degree <> rütbe
degree <> sıral
degreed <> derec
degrees <> derec
degression <> indir
degression <> vergi
degressive <> azala
degressively <> azala
degu <> degU
degum <> DEGUM
degustation <> tatma
dehisce <> çatla
dehisce <> açmak
dehisce <> tohum
dehisce <> yarıl
dehiscence <> çatla
dehiscence <> açılm
dehiscences <> ayrıl
dehiscent <> açılı
dehortation <> vazge
dehumanisation <> kök
dehumanising <> dehum
dehumanization <> insan
dehumanize <> canav
dehumanize <> insan
dehumanize <> kişil
dehumanize <> makin
dehumidification <> nem
dehumidified <> Nem
dehumidifier <> nem
dehumidifiers <> nem
dehumidifies <> nemi
dehumidify <> nemin
dehumidifying <> nem
dehydratase <> dehid
dehydrate <> kurut
dehydrate <> suyun
dehydrated <> kurut
dehydrated <> susuz
dehydration <> kurut
dehydration <> suyun
dehydrator <> kurut
dehydrochlorination <> dehid
dehydrocholesterol <> dehid
dehydroepiandrosterone <> dehid
dehydrogenase <> dehid
dehydrogenases <> dehid
dehydrogenation <> dehid
deicer <> buz
deicide <> ilahı
deification <> tanrı
deification <> tapın
deification <> tapma
deification <> yücel
deified <> tanrı
deify <> tanrı
deify <> tapma
deifying <> ilahl
deign <> alçak
deign <> bahşe
deign <> lütfe
deign <> tenez
deindustrialization <> Sanay
deinonychus <> Deino
deionised <> deiyo
deionization <> deiyo
deionized <> deiyo
deionizer <> deiyo
deism <> deizm
deism <> dinle
deism <> yarad
deist <> deist
deist <> dinle
deities <> tanrı
deity <> ilah
deity <> tanrı
deject <> üzmek
deject <> keder
dejected <> üzgün
dejected <> karam
dejected <> keder
dejected <> keyif
dejected <> neşes
dejection <> üzünt
dejection <> dışkı
dejection <> kaka
dejection <> keyif
dejections <> Dışkı
dekabrist <> Dekab
deke <> Deke
dekko <> bakış
deknight <> DeKni
delactation <> ana 
delactation <> memed
delactation <> sütte
delaminate <> tabak
delamination <> delam
delate <> şikây
delate <> ele 
delate <> gamma
delate <> ihbar
delate <> itham
delation <> şikây
delation <> ele 
delation <> gamma
delation <> ihbar
delation <> itham
delator <> gamma
delator <> muhbi
delay <> alıko
delay <> ertel
delay <> geç 
delay <> gecik
delay <> mühle
delay <> oyala
delay <> savsa
delay <> tecil
delay <> tehir
delayed <> ertel
delayed <> gecik
delayed <> oyala
delayed <> rötar
delayer <> gecik
delayering <> yatay
delaying <> gecik
delays <> gecik
dele <> boz
dele <> sil
dele <> silme
delectable <> hoş
delectable <> nefis
delectable <> sevim
delectation <> hoşla
delectation <> zevk
delegacy <> deleg
delegacy <> vekil
delegate <> deleg
delegate <> elçi
delegate <> ihale
delegate <> temsi
delegate <> vekil
delegated <> temsi
delegatee <> Yetki
delegates <> deleg
delegating <> deleg
delegation <> deleg
delegation <> temsi
delegation <> yetki
delegations <> Heyet
delegative <> deleg
delegator <> temsi
delete <> çıkar
delete <> kazım
delete <> silme
deleted <> silin
deleter <> Delet
deleterious <> sağlı
deleterious <> zarar
deletes <> siler
deleting <> silme
deletion <> silip
deletion <> silme
deletion <> yazıd
deletions <> deles
delf <> Holla
delft <> Holla
deli <> şarkü
deli <> hazır
deli <> meze
deli <> mezec
deli <> mezel
deli <> soğuk
deliberate <> üzeri
deliberate <> ağır
deliberate <> düşün
deliberate <> danış
deliberate <> emin
deliberate <> kasıt
deliberate <> kasti
deliberate <> planl
deliberate <> tartm
deliberate <> tasar
deliberate <> tedbi
deliberated <> kasıt
deliberately <> kasıt
deliberately <> kaste
deliberately <> tasar
deliberateness <> dikka
deliberateness <> kasıt
deliberateness <> tedbi
deliberates <> görüş
deliberation <> üzeri
deliberation <> danış
deliberation <> ihtiy
deliberation <> kafa
deliberation <> tedbi
deliberations <> müzak
deliberative <> üzeri
deliberative <> düşün
deliberative <> ihtiy
deliberative <> tedbi
delicacies <> lezze
delicacy <> alçak
delicacy <> duyar
delicacy <> hassa
delicacy <> incel
delicacy <> leziz
delicacy <> nefis
delicacy <> nezak
delicacy <> zayıf
delicate <> düşün
delicate <> duyar
delicate <> güven
delicate <> hassa
delicate <> ince
delicate <> lezze
delicate <> narin
delicate <> nazik
delicate <> nazlı
delicateness <> narin
delicates <> narin
delicatessen <> şarkü
delicatessen <> hazır
delicatessen <> meze
delicatessen <> mezec
delicatessen <> mezel
delicatessen <> soğuk
delicatessens <> şarkü
delice <> Delic
delicious <> hoş
delicious <> lezze
delicious <> nefis
deliciously <> hoşça
delict <> ihlal
delict <> kanun
delict <> suç
delicts <> suçlu
delight <> haz
delight <> hoşla
delight <> hoşnu
delight <> hoşun
delight <> keyif
delight <> sevin
delight <> zevk
delighted <> hoşnu
delighted <> keyif
delighted <> memnu
delighted <> mutlu
delightedly <> sevin
delightful <> hoş
delightful <> tatlı
delightful <> zevkl
delightfully <> nefis
delightfully <> pek 
delighting <> sevin
delights <> sevin
delightsome <> zevk
delignification <> DELİG
deliming <> kireç
delimit <> limit
delimit <> sınır
delimitate <> limit
delimitate <> sınır
delimitation <> limit
delimitation <> sınır
delimited <> sınır
delimiter <> sınır
delimiters <> ayraç
delimiting <> sınır
deline <> Delin
delineate <> çizer
delineate <> betim
delineate <> tasla
delineate <> tasvi
delineated <> tarif
delineating <> belir
delineation <> çizer
delineation <> tarif
delineations <> tasvi
delinquency <> hata
delinquency <> ihmal
delinquency <> kötüy
delinquency <> kabah
delinquency <> suç
delinquency <> suçlu
delinquent <> gecik
delinquent <> hatal
delinquent <> ihmal
delinquent <> kabah
delinquent <> suçlu
delinquent <> zaman
delinquents <> suçlu
deliquesce <> erime
deliquesce <> sıvıl
deliquescence <> sıvın
deliquescent <> eriyi
delirious <> çılgı
delirious <> deli
delirious <> hezey
delirious <> sayık
deliriously <> çılgı
delirium <> çılgı
delirium <> hezey
delirium <> sayık
deliriums <> hezey
delis <> Delis
deliver <> atmak
deliver <> dağıt
deliver <> devre
deliver <> doğur
deliver <> iletm
deliver <> kurta
deliver <> söyle
deliver <> serbe
deliver <> tesli
deliver <> verme
deliverability <> dağıt
deliverable <> dağıt
deliverable <> tesli
deliverable <> veril
deliverables <> tesli
deliverance <> hüküm
deliverance <> kanı
deliverance <> kurta
deliverance <> kurtu
deliverance <> yargı
delivered <> tesli
deliverer <> dağıt
deliverer <> kurta
deliverers <> tesli
delivereth <> kurta
deliveries <> tesli
delivering <> tesli
delivers <> tesli
delivery <> dağıt
delivery <> devre
delivery <> doğum
delivery <> doğur
delivery <> konuş
delivery <> tesli
delivery <> verim
deliveryman <> dağıt
dell <> kuytu
dell <> vadi
dells <> Dells
delocalized <> delok
delouse <> bitle
delouse <> bitte
delphic <> İki a
delphic <> Delfi
delphic <> Delph
delphic <> anlaş
delphin <> Delph
delphinapterus <> Delph
delphine <> Delph
delphinidae <> Delph
delphinium <> hezar
delphinus <> Delph
delt <> Delt
delta <> çatal
delta <> üç 
delta <> delta
deltaic <> delta
deltas <> delta
deltoid <> üç
deltoid <> üç 
deltoid <> delta
deltoids <> omuzl
deltopectoral <> delto
delude <> aldat
delude <> avutm
delude <> ayart
delude <> kandı
deluge <> sel
deluge <> sel 
deluge <> su 
deluge <> tufan
deluge <> yağmu
deluged <> cebel
delusion <> düş
delusion <> hayal
delusion <> kurun
delusion <> vesve
delusion <> yanıl
delusional <> sanrı
delusions <> sanrı
delusive <> aldat
delusive <> asıls
delusive <> gerçe
delusive <> hayal
delve <> altüs
delve <> arayı
delves <> Delve
demagnetisation <> deman
demagnetize <> manye
demagnetizing <> mıkna
demagog <> demag
demagog <> halk
demagog <> hizip
demagog <> kışkı
demagogic <> demag
demagogical <> demag
demagogies <> demag
demagogue <> demag
demagogue <> halk
demagogue <> hizip
demagogue <> kışkı
demagoguery <> demag
demagogues <> demag
demagogy <> demag
demagogy <> halka
demagogy <> kışkı
deman <> taleb
demand <> gerek
demand <> hak 
demand <> ihtiy
demand <> istek
demand <> istem
demand <> rağbe
demand <> sorma
demand <> talep
demandable <> talep
demanded <> talep
demanding <> çok 
demanding <> emek
demanding <> müşkü
demanding <> talep
demanding <> titiz
demanding <> zahme
demands <> talep
demans <> Deman
demantoid <> Deman
demarcate <> ayırm
demarcate <> sınır
demarcated <> sınır
demarcation <> çizil
demarcation <> sınır
demarch <> beled
demarch <> muhta
demarche <> diplo
demarche <> siyas
demarches <> giriş
demark <> Demar
dematerialised <> kaydi
dematerialization <> kaydi
dematerialize <> madde
dematerialize <> manev
dematerialized <> kaydi
deme <> nahiy
demean <> alçal
demeanor <> davra
demeanor <> hal
demeanor <> harek
demeanor <> tavır
demeanor <> tutum
demeanors <> halle
demeanour <> davra
demeanour <> hal
demeanour <> harek
demeanour <> tavır
demeanour <> tutum
dement <> deli
demented <> çılgı
demented <> bunak
demented <> deli
demented <> karas
dementia <> akıl
dementia <> bunak
dementia <> deman
dementia <> kişil
dementias <> deman
demerara <> esmer
demerger <> bölün
demerit <> hata
demerit <> kabah
demerit <> kusur
demerit <> suçla
demerit <> uyarı
demerits <> dezav
demerol <> Demer
demersal <> batmı
demersal <> sualt
demesne <> emlâk
demesne <> etki
demesne <> mülk
demesne <> malik
demethylation <> demet
demeure <> Demeu
demigod <> tanrı
demigod <> yarı
demijohn <> damac
demijohn <> hasır
demijohns <> damac
demilitarisation <> asker
demilitarise <> asker
demilitarised <> asker
demilitarising <> demil
demilitarization <> asker
demilitarize <> asker
demilitarized <> asker
demilune <> yarım
demimonde <> şüphe
demimonde <> kibar
demineralisation <> Tuzun
demineralise <> demin
demineralised <> demin
demineralization <> demin
demineralized <> demin
demineralizers <> demin
demirep <> lekel
demirep <> ne 
demise <> ölüm
demise <> bırak
demise <> devre
demise <> ferag
demise <> vasiy
demise <> vefat
demised <> fetus
demission <> istif
demission <> tahtt
demister <> buğu
demisters <> buğu
demit <> istif
demo <> örgüt
demo <> demo
demo <> göste
demo <> ispat
demob <> terhi
demobilisation <> sefer
demobilisation <> terhi
demobilise <> hizme
demobilise <> sefer
demobilise <> terhi
demobilised <> terhi
demobilization <> sefer
demobilization <> terhi
demobilize <> hizme
demobilize <> sefer
demobilize <> terhi
demobilized <> terhi
democracies <> Demok
democracy <> demok
democrat <> demok
democrat <> halkç
democratic <> demok
democratical <> demok
democratically <> demok
democratisation <> demok
democratise <> demok
democratising <> demok
democratization <> demok
democratize <> demok
democratized <> demok
democratizing <> demok
democrats <> demok
democraty <> Democ
democritus <> Demok
demode <> demod
demode <> modas
demoded <> demod
demoded <> modas
demodulated <> demod
demodulates <> demod
demodulating <> demod
demodulation <> demod
demodulator <> demod
demodulators <> demod
demographer <> nüfus
demographers <> demog
demographic <> demog
demographic <> nüfus
demographical <> demog
demographical <> nüfus
demographically <> demog
demographics <> demog
demographies <> demog
demography <> demog
demography <> nüfus
demoiselle <> genç
demoiselle <> kızbö
demoiselle <> telli
demoiselles <> Demoi
demolish <> imha
demolish <> tahri
demolish <> yıkma
demolish <> yiyip
demolished <> yıkıl
demolisher <> Demol
demolishers <> SÖKÜM
demolishes <> yıkma
demolishing <> çöker
demolishment <> yıkıl
demolition <> imha
demolition <> tüket
demolition <> tahri
demolition <> yıkım
demolitions <> yıkım
demon <> şeyta
demon <> cin
demon <> enerj
demon <> günah
demon <> iblis
demon <> zalim
demoness <> Demon
demonetization <> tedav
demonetize <> para
demonetize <> tedav
demoniac <> çılgı
demoniac <> şeyta
demoniac <> cinli
demoniac <> deli
demoniacal <> şeyta
demoniacal <> cinli
demoniacal <> deli
demonic <> şeyta
demonic <> cinli
demonic <> deli
demonic <> kötü
demonic <> uğurs
demonisation <> demon
demonise <> öcü 
demonise <> şeyta
demonised <> şeyta
demonising <> demon
demonism <> şeyta
demonize <> öcü 
demonize <> şeyta
demonized <> şeyta
demonologist <> Demon
demonology <> şeyta
demons <> iblis
demonstrable <> göste
demonstrable <> kanıt
demonstrably <> kanıt
demonstrate <> örnek
demonstrate <> göste
demonstrate <> ispat
demonstrate <> kanıt
demonstrated <> göste
demonstrates <> göste
demonstrating <> göste
demonstration <> arz
demonstration <> göste
demonstration <> ispat
demonstration <> kanıt
demonstrational <> göste
demonstrations <> göste
demonstrative <> belir
demonstrative <> göze
demonstrative <> hisle
demonstrative <> işare
demonstrative <> inand
demonstrative <> kesin
demonstrativeness <> açıkl
demonstrativeness <> inand
demonstrativeness <> kesin
demonstrator <> asist
demonstrator <> göste
demonstrator <> ispat
demonstrator <> sergi
demonstrators <> Göste
demoralisation <> moral
demoralise <> ahlâk
demoralise <> ayart
demoralise <> cesar
demoralise <> moral
demoralised <> demor
demoralises <> Moral
demoralising <> cesar
demoralising <> moral
demoralization <> ahlâk
demoralization <> cesar
demoralization <> diren
demoralization <> manev
demoralize <> ahlâk
demoralize <> ayart
demoralize <> cesar
demoralize <> moral
demoralized <> demor
demoralizing <> cesar
demoralizing <> moral
demos <> ayakt
demos <> demol
demos <> halk
demos <> nahiy
demote <> alt 
demote <> rütbe
demoted <> indir
demotic <> halk
demoting <> indir
demotion <> alt 
demotion <> rütbe
demotions <> indir
demotivate <> saptı
demotivating <> demot
demount <> dağıt
demount <> parça
demount <> sökme
demountable <> parça
demountable <> sökül
demounted <> Demon
demounting <> demon
dempster <> Demps
demulcent <> teski
demulcent <> yatış
demulsibility <> demül
demultiplex <> Demul
demultiplexing <> Demul
demur <> durak
demur <> itira
demur <> karşı
demur <> tered
demur <> zorlu
demure <> çekin
demure <> ölçül
demure <> ağırb
demure <> ciddi
demure <> sözde
demureness <> çekin
demureness <> ölçül
demureness <> alçak
demureness <> ciddi
demurest <> cilve
demurrage <> bekle
demurrage <> suras
demurred <> itira
demurrer <> davay
demurrer <> itira
demutualisation <> demut
demutualise <> demut
demutualised <> demut
demy <> Oxfor
demy <> demi
demyelinated <> demiy
demyelinating <> demiy
demyelination <> demiy
demyelinization <> demiy
demystified <> Demys
demystifies <> açıkl
demystify <> etraf
den <> çıkma
den <> batak
den <> delik
den <> den
den <> in
den <> mağar
den <> sığın
den <> yatak
den <> zor 
denari <> Denar
denarii <> dinar
denarius <> altın
denationalisation <> Mülki
denationalize <> özell
denationalize <> devle
denationalize <> ulusa
denationalize <> vatan
denaturalize <> doğal
denaturalize <> vatan
denaturated <> denat
denaturates <> denat
denaturation <> denat
denature <> doğas
denatured <> denat
denatures <> denat
denaturing <> denat
denazification <> Nazi
denazification <> nazil
denazify <> Nazi
denazify <> nazil
dendriform <> ağacı
dendrite <> dendr
dendrites <> dendr
dendritic <> dendr
dendroaspis <> Dendr
dendrochronological <> dendr
dendrochronology <> dendr
dendroctonus <> Dendr
dendrograms <> dendo
dendroica <> Dendr
dendroid <> ağaçı
dendroid <> ağaç
dendroidea <> Dendr
dendrology <> ağaçb
dene <> korul
dene <> kum
dene <> kum 
dene <> kumlu
denegation <> inkâr
denervated <> dener
denervation <> dener
denes <> Denes
denet <> Denet
dengue <> dang
dengue <> eklem
deniable <> inkâr
deniable <> yadsı
denial <> inkâr
denial <> red
denial <> redde
denial <> ret
denial <> tekzi
denial <> yalan
denials <> inkar
denicotinize <> nikot
denicotinized <> nikot
denied <> redde
denier <> Frans
denier <> azıcı
denier <> deniy
denier <> denye
denier <> dokum
denier <> inkâr
denier <> redde
denier <> yalan
deniers <> inkar
denies <> yalan
denieth <> yalan
denigrate <> çekiş
denigrate <> iftir
denigrate <> kötül
denigrate <> karal
denigrated <> karal
denigrates <> alene
denigrating <> aşağı
denigration <> iftir
denigration <> kötül
denim <> kaba
denim <> kot
denims <> kot
denims <> kot 
denitrification <> denit
denitrifying <> denit
denize <> Deniz
denizen <> ikame
denizen <> müdav
denizen <> ortam
denizen <> oturm
denizen <> yerle
denizens <> sakin
denning <> Denni
denominate <> adlan
denominate <> isim
denominated <> cinsi
denomination <> çeşit
denomination <> ad
denomination <> isim
denomination <> mezhe
denomination <> nomin
denomination <> sınıf
denomination <> tarik
denominational <> isme
denominational <> mezhe
denominational <> tarik
denominationalism <> mezhe
denominationalism <> tarik
denominationally <> mezhe
denominations <> kupür
denominator <> bölen
denominator <> payda
denominators <> payda
denormalized <> norma
denotation <> ünvan
denotation <> ad
denotation <> anlam
denotation <> belir
denotation <> ifade
denote <> adı 
denote <> belir
denote <> göste
denote <> işare
denote <> ifade
denoted <> ifade
denotes <> ifade
denoting <> ifade
denouement <> çözüm
denouement <> akıbe
denouement <> son
denouement <> sonuç
denounce <> aleyh
denounce <> geçer
denounce <> ihbar
denounce <> kınam
denounce <> kehan
denounced <> kınad
denouncement <> eleşt
denouncement <> fesih
denouncement <> ihbar
denouncement <> iptal
denouncement <> kınam
denouncement <> kehan
denouncements <> ihbar
denouncer <> ihbar
denounces <> kınad
denouncing <> kınay
dense <> kalın
dense <> koyu
dense <> negat
dense <> sıkış
dense <> sık
dense <> yoğun
densely <> yoğun
denseness <> darlı
denseness <> kalın
denseness <> sıkış
denseness <> yoğun
denser <> yoğun
densest <> yoğun
densification <> yoğun
densified <> yoğun
densify <> sıkıl
densities <> yoğun
densitometer <> dansi
densitometers <> densi
densitometric <> dansi
densitometry <> dansi
density <> ahmak
density <> kalın
density <> sıkış
density <> sıklı
density <> yoğun
dent <> çöker
dent <> çökme
dent <> çenti
dent <> çentm
dent <> berel
dent <> göçük
dent <> göçür
dent <> göçme
dental <> diş
dental <> dişle
dental <> dişse
dentate <> dişli
dentate <> tarak
dentation <> diş
dentation <> diş 
dentation <> tarak
dented <> çukur
dented <> berel
dentex <> sinar
denticle <> diş
denticle <> diş 
denticulated <> çıkın
denticulated <> çenti
denticulated <> dişli
dentiform <> diş
dentiform <> diş 
dentifrice <> diş
dentifrice <> diş 
dentigerous <> denti
dentilingual <> dişse
dentilingual <> dilin
dentinal <> denti
dentine <> denti
dentine <> diş 
denting <> tarak
dentins <> denti
dentist <> dişçi
dentist <> diş 
dentistry <> dişçi
dentistry <> diş
dentistry <> diş 
dentists <> diş
dentition <> diş 
dentition <> dişle
dents <> ezik
denture <> dişle
denture <> prote
denture <> takma
dentures <> takma
denuclearisation <> denuc
denuclearize <> nükle
denuclearized <> nükle
denudation <> çıpla
denudation <> aşınd
denudation <> erozy
denudation <> soyul
denudational <> aşını
denude <> çıpla
denude <> açmak
denude <> erozy
denude <> soyma
denunciation <> ele 
denunciation <> ihbar
denunciation <> kınam
denunciation <> suçla
denunciations <> ihbar
denunciator <> ihbar
denunciator <> ispiy
denunciator <> muhbi
denunciatory <> gamma
denunciatory <> itham
denunciatory <> küçük
denunciatory <> suçla
deny <> inkâr
deny <> mahru
deny <> redde
deny <> yadsı
deny <> yalan
deny <> yoksu
denying <> inkar
deodar <> Himal
deodorant <> deodo
deodorant <> koku
deodorants <> deodo
deodorisation <> koku
deodorising <> koku
deodorization <> kokud
deodorize <> kokus
deodorized <> kokus
deodorizer <> deodo
deodorizer <> koku
deontological <> deont
deontologist <> deont
deontology <> ahlâk
deontology <> deont
deontology <> görev
deoxidant <> deoks
deoxidation <> deoks
deoxidize <> oksij
deoxidize <> oksit
deoxidizer <> oksij
deoxidizing <> deoks
deoxy <> deoks
deoxycholate <> deoks
deoxygenated <> Deoks
deoxyglucose <> deoks
deoxynucleotide <> deoks
deoxynucleotidyl <> deoks
deoxyribonuclease <> deoks
deoxyribonucleic <> deoks
deoxyribose <> deoks
depart <> ölmek
depart <> ayrıl
depart <> cayma
depart <> gitme
depart <> yola
depart <> yolun
departed <> ölmüş
departed <> ayrıl
departed <> geçmi
departement <> Tıp
departements <> İhtis
departer <> Depar
departing <> yapan
department <> şube
department <> bölüm
department <> bölge
department <> bakan
department <> daire
department <> depar
departmental <> şubey
departmental <> bölüm
departmental <> bakan
departmental <> kısmi
departmentalize <> bölüm
departmentalize <> kolla
departments <> depar
departs <> harek
departure <> ölüm
departure <> ayrıl
departure <> başla
departure <> geri
departure <> gidiş
departure <> kalkı
departure <> sapma
departure <> yenil
departure <> yola
departures <> Gidiş
departures <> uçakl
depend <> bağlı
depend <> güven
depend <> tabi
dependability <> güven
dependable <> güven
dependably <> güven
dependance <> bağım
dependance <> bağlı
dependance <> başka
dependance <> güven
dependancy <> bağım
dependant <> asılı
dependant <> bağım
dependant <> bağlı
dependant <> başka
dependant <> ebeve
dependant <> muhta
dependant <> sarka
dependant <> tabi
dependants <> bakma
depended <> bağlı
dependence <> bağım
dependence <> bağlı
dependence <> başka
dependence <> güven
dependence <> itima
dependences <> bağım
dependencies <> bağım
dependency <> bağım
dependency <> kolon
dependency <> sömür
dependent <> asılı
dependent <> bağım
dependent <> bağlı
dependent <> başka
dependent <> ebeve
dependent <> muhta
dependent <> sarka
dependent <> tabi
dependently <> bağım
dependents <> bakma
depending <> bağlı
depends <> bağlı
depeople <> nüfus
depersonalization <> duyar
depersonalize <> şahsi
depersonalize <> kişil
depersonalize <> kişis
dephosphorylation <> defos
depict <> çizme
depict <> betim
depict <> göste
depict <> resme
depict <> tasvi
depicted <> tasvi
depicting <> resme
depiction <> tarif
depiction <> tasvi
depictions <> tasvi
depicts <> resme
depigmentation <> depig
depigmented <> depig
depigmenting <> depig
depilate <> kılla
depilate <> tüyle
depilating <> kılla
depilation <> kıl
depilation <> kıl 
depilation <> kılla
depilatory <> kıl
depilatory <> kıl 
deplane <> uçakt
deplenish <> boşal
deplenish <> dökme
deplete <> bitir
deplete <> boşal
deplete <> dökme
deplete <> kurut
deplete <> tüket
depleted <> tüket
depletes <> tüket
depleting <> zarar
depletion <> azalt
depletion <> boşal
depletion <> kan 
depletion <> sabit
depletion <> tüket
depletions <> tüket
depletory <> tüket
deplorable <> acıkl
deplorable <> acına
deplorable <> içler
deplore <> üzülm
deplore <> acıma
deplore <> beğen
deplore <> hayıf
deplore <> teess
deplores <> üzünt
deploring <> kınay
deploy <> açılm
deploy <> dağıt
deploy <> görev
deploy <> harek
deploy <> istih
deploy <> uygul
deploy <> yayıl
deploy <> yayma
deployable <> konuş
deployed <> konuş
deployer <> Deplo
deploying <> dağıt
deployment <> açılm
deployment <> dağıt
deployment <> savaş
deployment <> yayıl
deployments <> dağıt
deploys <> dağıt
deplume <> soyma
deplume <> tüyle
depolarisation <> depol
depolarise <> altüs
depolarise <> depol
depolarise <> kutup
depolarise <> nötür
depolarise <> sarsm
depolarization <> kutup
depolarized <> depol
depolarizing <> depol
depoliticised <> depol
depoliticising <> depol
depoliticize <> polit
depoliticized <> depol
deponent <> etken
deponent <> tanık
deponent <> yemin
depopulate <> nüfus
depopulated <> boşal
depopulation <> nüfus
deport <> dışla
deport <> sürgü
deport <> sınır
deport <> uzakl
deportation <> sürgü
deportation <> sınır
deportations <> sürgü
deported <> sınır
deportee <> sürgü
deportee <> sınır
deportees <> göçe
deporting <> sınır
deportment <> davra
deportment <> gidiş
deportment <> harek
deportment <> tavır
deposable <> azled
deposable <> görev
deposal <> azlet
deposal <> görev
depose <> şahit
depose <> azlet
depose <> görev
depose <> ifade
depose <> tahtt
depose <> yemin
deposed <> Devri
deposit <> çökel
deposit <> banka
deposit <> depoz
deposit <> emane
deposit <> katma
deposit <> mevdu
deposit <> para
deposit <> temin
deposit <> tortu
deposit <> yatır
deposit <> yerle
deposit <> yumur
depositary <> emane
deposited <> tevdi
depositing <> yatır
deposition <> çökel
deposition <> depoz
deposition <> emane
deposition <> görev
deposition <> ifade
deposition <> tahtt
deposition <> tanık
deposition <> tortu
deposition <> yemin
depositional <> çökel
depositions <> depol
depositor <> emane
depositor <> para
depositories <> tevdi
depositors <> mudil
depository <> ambar
depository <> depo
depository <> emane
deposits <> mevdu
depot <> alay
depot <> birik
depot <> depo
depot <> emane
depot <> esir
depot <> gar
depot <> ikmal
depot <> tren
depots <> depol
depravation <> ahlak
depravation <> günah
deprave <> ahlâk
deprave <> ayart
deprave <> başta
depraved <> ahlak
depraved <> başta
depravity <> ahlâk
depravity <> ahlak
depravity <> fesat
depravity <> günah
deprecate <> itira
deprecate <> karşı
deprecated <> artık
deprecating <> itira
deprecating <> küçüm
deprecating <> karşı
deprecating <> olums
deprecation <> itira
deprecation <> karşı
deprecator <> itira
deprecator <> karşı
deprecatory <> küçüm
deprecatory <> karşı
deprecatory <> uygun
depreciable <> amort
depreciate <> değer
depreciate <> küçük
depreciate <> küçüm
depreciate <> ucuzl
depreciated <> amort
depreciates <> değer
depreciation <> amort
depreciation <> değer
depreciation <> küçül
depreciations <> amort
depreciatory <> değer
depreciatory <> küçül
depreciatory <> küçüm
depredating <> yağma
depredation <> hasar
depredation <> talan
depredation <> yağma
depredations <> yağma
depredator <> çapul
depredator <> soygu
depredator <> yağma
depredators <> yağma
depress <> azalt
depress <> bastı
depress <> düşür
depress <> kısma
depress <> moral
depress <> neşes
depress <> sıkma
depressant <> yatış
depressants <> depre
depressed <> çökmü
depressed <> bastı
depressed <> bunal
depressed <> düşür
depressed <> darbo
depressed <> durgu
depressed <> karam
depressed <> keder
depresser <> depre
depresses <> moral
depressible <> basıl
depressing <> acıkl
depressing <> hüzün
depressing <> iç
depressing <> iç 
depressing <> moral
depression <> çökün
depression <> çökme
depression <> bastı
depression <> buhra
depression <> bunal
depression <> daral
depression <> değer
depression <> depre
depression <> kasve
depressional <> çökün
depressions <> depre
depressive <> bunal
depressive <> depre
depressive <> kasve
depressive <> yılgı
depressiveness <> depre
depressives <> depre
depressurised <> basın
depressurization <> Basın
depressurize <> baskı
deprival <> yoksu
deprivation <> ihtiy
deprivation <> mahru
deprivation <> yoksu
deprivations <> yoksu
deprive <> görev
deprive <> mahru
deprive <> rütbe
deprive <> yoksu
deprived <> mahru
deprives <> mahru
depriving <> mahru
deprotect <> korum
deprotecting <> uzakl
depth <> ahlâk
depth <> bilin
depth <> derin
depth <> dip
depth <> en 
depth <> yoğun
depths <> derin
depurate <> arıtm
depurate <> tasfi
depurate <> temiz
depuration <> temsi
deputation <> deleg
deputation <> heyet
depute <> atama
depute <> vekil
deputies <> mille
deputise <> atama
deputise <> tayin
deputise <> vekâl
deputised <> deput
deputising <> deput
deputize <> atama
deputize <> tayin
deputize <> vekâl
deputy <> şerif
deputy <> deleg
deputy <> mille
deputy <> temsi
deputy <> vekil
deputy <> yardı
deracinate <> çevre
deracinate <> kökün
derail <> rayda
derailed <> rayda
derailers <> Derai
derailing <> rayda
derailleur <> vites
derailleurs <> Vites
derailment <> rayda
derails <> rayda
derain <> Derai
derange <> çıldı
derange <> denge
derange <> kafas
derange <> rahat
deranged <> bozuk
deranged <> denge
derangement <> delil
derangement <> denge
derangement <> geçim
derangements <> düzen
deranger <> Deran
deranging <> bozul
derated <> düşür
derating <> değer
deration <> kaldı
deration <> vergi
derby <> öneml
derby <> Derbi
derby <> derby
derby <> melon
derbylite <> Derbi
derecognition <> tanım
derecognized <> satma
dered <> çökmü
dereferenced <> indir
deregister <> kayıt
deregistered <> kayıt
deregistration <> kaydı
deregistrations <> kayıt
deregulate <> serbe
deregulated <> dereg
deregulating <> devle
deregulation <> dereg
deregulations <> degiş
derelict <> dışla
derelict <> gemi
derelict <> harab
derelict <> ihmal
derelict <> sahip
derelict <> sorum
derelict <> terke
dereliction <> ihmal
dereliction <> inkâr
dereliction <> sahip
dereliction <> suyun
dereliction <> terk
derequisition <> resmi
deres <> bindi
derestrict <> hız 
derestrict <> sınır
deric <> Deric
deride <> alay
deride <> alaya
derided <> alay
derider <> alayc
derides <> alay
deridingly <> alayc
deridingly <> dalga
dering <> Derin
derision <> alay
derisive <> önems
derisive <> alay
derisive <> alayc
derisive <> gülün
derisively <> alayl
derisory <> önems
derisory <> alay
derisory <> gülün
derivable <> elde
derivable <> sağla
derivable <> türet
derivate <> türev
derivates <> türev
derivation <> köken
derivation <> türet
derivation <> türev
derivational <> türet
derivations <> türev
derivatisation <> türev
derivative <> ikinc
derivative <> türet
derivative <> türev
derivatives <> türev
derivatization <> türev
derive <> çıkar
derive <> kayna
derive <> sağla
derive <> türet
derived <> türet
derives <> türer
deriving <> doğan
derk <> Derk
derm <> alt 
derm <> cilt
derm <> deri
derm <> derma
derma <> Derma
dermabrasion <> derma
dermacentor <> Derma
dermal <> alt 
dermal <> deriy
dermal <> derma
dermatan <> Derma
dermatitis <> deri
dermatitis <> derma
dermatofibromas <> derma
dermatofibrosarcoma <> derma
dermatoglyphic <> derma
dermatoglyphics <> derma
dermatographism <> derma
dermatologic <> derma
dermatological <> derma
dermatologist <> cildi
dermatologist <> deri
dermatologist <> derma
dermatologists <> Derma
dermatology <> derib
dermatology <> derma
dermatome <> derma
dermatomes <> derma
dermatomyositis <> derma
dermatopathology <> derma
dermatopathy <> dermo
dermatophyte <> derma
dermatophytes <> derma
dermatophytic <> derma
dermatophytoses <> derma
dermatophytosis <> derma
dermatoscopy <> derma
dermatoses <> derma
dermatosis <> derma
dermis <> alt 
dermis <> dermi
dermis <> esas
dermochelys <> Dermo
dermographic <> dermo
dermographism <> dermo
dermopathic <> Derma
dern <> Dern
derne <> Derne
derogate <> alçal
derogate <> azalt
derogate <> eksil
derogate <> küçül
derogated <> Altbö
derogation <> azalt
derogation <> bozul
derogation <> derog
derogation <> eksil
derogation <> küçül
derogations <> derog
derogatory <> alçal
derogatory <> küçül
derogatory <> uygun
derogatory <> zarar
derotation <> derot
derrick <> bumba
derrick <> petro
derrick <> vinç
derriere <> derri
derringer <> doğru
dervis <> Dervi
dervish <> dervi
dervishes <> dervi
desalinate <> tuzda
desalinate <> tuzun
desalinated <> tuzu
desalination <> tuzda
desalinators <> tuz
desaturase <> desat
desaturate <> Desat
desaturates <> doygu
desaturation <> desat
desaturations <> desat
descale <> kirec
descaled <> mekan
descaling <> kabuğ
descaling <> kabuk
descant <> şarkı
descant <> en 
descant <> harar
descend <> çökme
descend <> aşağı
descend <> alçal
descend <> baskı
descend <> detay
descend <> inmek
descend <> maden
descend <> miras
descend <> saldı
descend <> soyun
descendant <> düşen
descendant <> nesli
descendant <> oğul
descendant <> torun
descendants <> torun
descended <> indi
descendens <> desce
descendent <> Azala
descendents <> torun
descenders <> İniş
descending <> azala
descending <> inme
descends <> iner
descension <> Desce
descent <> çöküş
descent <> üşüşm
descent <> alçal
descent <> baskı
descent <> düşme
descent <> iniş
descent <> köken
descent <> maden
descent <> miras
descent <> nesil
descent <> yokuş
descents <> inişl
descramble <> çözen
descrambler <> çözüc
descramblers <> Çözüc
descrambling <> şifre
describable <> tanım
describable <> tarif
describe <> çizme
describe <> anlat
describe <> betim
describe <> ifade
describe <> tanım
describe <> tarif
describe <> tasvi
described <> tarif
describer <> Descr
describes <> açıkl
describing <> açıkl
description <> çeşit
description <> açıkl
description <> betim
description <> tanım
description <> tarif
description <> tasvi
descriptions <> açıkl
descriptive <> belir
descriptive <> betim
descriptive <> resme
descriptive <> tanım
descriptively <> tanım
descriptor <> tanım
descriptors <> tanım
descrive <> anlat
descry <> ayırt
descry <> farke
descry <> keşfe
descry <> seçme
deseasonalized <> mevsi
desecrate <> hakar
desecrate <> kutsa
desecrated <> saygı
desecrating <> saygı
desecration <> hürme
desecration <> kutsa
desecration <> tecâv
desecrator <> Desec
desegregate <> ırk
desegregate <> ırk 
desegregation <> ırk
desegregation <> ırk 
deselect <> kaldı
deselected <> seçil
deselecting <> kaldı
deselects <> kaldı
desensitisation <> Desen
desensitised <> duyar
desensitization <> desen
desensitize <> duyar
desensitize <> hassa
desensitized <> desen
desensitizer <> hassa
desensitizers <> hassa
desensitizes <> kılar
deserialize <> dizi
deserialized <> Seril
desert <> çöl
desert <> çorak
desert <> ıssız
desert <> ayrıl
desert <> boş
desert <> bozkı
desert <> hak 
desert <> kaçma
desert <> sönük
desert <> taraf
desert <> tatsı
desert <> terke
desert <> yüzüs
deserted <> ıssız
deserted <> tenha
deserted <> terke
deserter <> asker
deserter <> dönek
deserter <> din 
deserter <> firar
deserter <> kaçak
deserters <> firar
desertification <> Çölle
deserting <> terk
desertion <> asker
desertion <> din 
desertion <> firar
desertion <> terk
desertions <> ayrıl
deserts <> çölle
deserts <> hak 
deserve <> hak
deserve <> hak 
deserve <> layık
deserved <> hak
deservedly <> haklı
deservedly <> lâyık
deserves <> hak
deserving <> ödüle
deserving <> değer
deserving <> layık
desferrioxamine <> desfe
desflurane <> desfl
deshabille <> ev 
deshabille <> sabah
desiccant <> kurut
desiccants <> Kurut
desiccate <> kurum
desiccate <> kurut
desiccated <> kurut
desiccates <> fire
desiccating <> fire
desiccation <> kurum
desiccation <> kurut
desiccative <> kurut
desiccator <> kurut
desiderata <> Desid
desiderative <> dilek
desideratum <> arzu
desideratum <> boşlu
desideratum <> eksik
desideratum <> ihtiy
desideratum <> isten
design <> amaç
design <> dizay
design <> kaste
design <> kompl
design <> model
design <> niyet
design <> plan
design <> planl
design <> proje
design <> stili
design <> tasar
design <> tasla
designate <> adlan
designate <> atama
designate <> atanm
designate <> göste
designate <> işare
designate <> tanım
designate <> tayin
designated <> belir
designates <> belir
designating <> belir
designation <> ad
designation <> atama
designation <> atanm
designation <> göste
designation <> isim
designation <> tahsi
designation <> tayin
designations <> belir
designator <> planl
designators <> tasar
designatory <> nitel
designed <> kasıt
designed <> planl
designed <> taraf
designed <> tasar
designedly <> kasıt
designedly <> tasar
designees <> tasar
designer <> düzen
designer <> dalav
designer <> desin
designer <> modac
designer <> model
designer <> stili
designer <> tasar
designers <> tasar
designing <> becer
designing <> düzen
designing <> kurna
designing <> tasar
designings <> tasar
designment <> malze
designs <> tasar
desipramine <> desip
desirability <> çekic
desirability <> arzu
desirability <> cazib
desirable <> çekic
desirable <> beğen
desirable <> hoş
desirably <> arzu
desire <> şehve
desire <> şevk
desire <> arzu
desire <> arzul
desire <> cinse
desire <> dilek
desire <> dilem
desire <> hırs
desire <> heves
desire <> iştah
desire <> ihtir
desire <> imren
desire <> istek
desire <> istem
desire <> rağbe
desire <> rica
desire <> tutku
desire <> yalva
desireable <> çekic
desireable <> beğen
desireable <> hoş
desired <> İsted
desires <> arzul
desireth <> ister
desiring <> istey
desirous <> arzul
desirous <> heves
desirous <> istek
desist <> çekil
desist <> vazge
desizing <> haşıl
desk <> çalış
desk <> bölüm
desk <> büro
desk <> kürsü
desk <> kasa
desk <> kontr
desk <> masa
desk <> resep
desk <> sıra
desk <> yazı
desking <> yardı
deskman <> Deskm
desks <> masal
desktop <> masaü
desktops <> masaü
desma <> DESMA
desman <> desma
desmoplastic <> desmo
desmosomes <> dezmo
desolate <> üzmek
desolate <> ıssız
desolate <> harap
desolate <> kimse
desolate <> periş
desolate <> tenha
desolate <> terke
desolated <> periş
desolating <> keder
desolation <> üzünt
desolation <> ıssız
desolation <> harab
desolation <> harap
desolation <> kimse
desolation <> periş
desolation <> viran
desolation <> yalnı
desonide <> deson
desorbed <> desor
desorption <> desor
despair <> çares
despair <> ümidi
despair <> umudu
despair <> umuts
despaired <> üzünt
despairing <> çares
despairing <> umuts
despairingly <> çares
despairingly <> umuts
despairs <> umuts
despatch <> gönde
despatched <> gönde
despatching <> Gönde
desperado <> çılgı
desperado <> gözü
desperado <> her 
desperado <> umuts
desperados <> Despe
desperate <> çares
desperate <> aşırı
desperate <> azgın
desperate <> gözük
desperate <> her 
desperate <> korku
desperate <> umuts
desperate <> vahim
desperately <> aşırı
desperately <> can 
desperately <> son 
desperately <> tam
desperately <> umuts
desperately <> vahim
desperation <> her 
desperation <> umuts
despicable <> adi
despicable <> değer
despicable <> küçüm
despise <> hor 
despise <> küçüm
despise <> tenez
despised <> hor
despisers <> aşağı
despises <> aşağı
despising <> hor
despising <> hor 
despite <> karşı
despite <> kin
despite <> nefre
despite <> rağme
despoil <> soyma
despoil <> yağma
despoiled <> satıl
despoilment <> soygu
despoilment <> yağma
despoliation <> soygu
despoliation <> yağma
despond <> ümidi
despond <> cesar
despond <> moral
despond <> umuts
despondency <> moral
despondency <> umuts
despondent <> moral
despondent <> umuts
despot <> acıma
despot <> despo
despot <> zorba
despotic <> despo
despotic <> zorba
despotical <> despo
despotical <> zorba
despotism <> despo
despotism <> zorba
despots <> despo
despread <> Burad
desquamate <> pul
desquamate <> pul 
desquamate <> pulla
desquamated <> tozum
desquamation <> desku
desquamations <> desqu
desquamative <> desku
dess <> Dess
dessert <> meyve
dessert <> tatlı
desserts <> tatlı
dessertspoon <> tatlı
dessertspoons <> tatlı
destabilisation <> istik
destabilise <> istik
destabilised <> denge
destabilising <> istik
destabilization <> istik
destabilize <> istik
destabilized <> denge
destabilizes <> oynat
destabilizing <> istik
destination <> amaç
destination <> gidil
destination <> hedef
destination <> istik
destination <> nerey
destination <> varış
destinations <> desti
destine <> kader
destine <> nasip
destine <> yönel
destined <> alnın
destined <> kader
destined <> mukad
destinies <> kader
destiny <> alın
destiny <> felek
destiny <> kısme
destiny <> kader
destitute <> fakir
destitute <> mahru
destitute <> muhta
destitute <> sefil
destitute <> yoksu
destitution <> mahru
destitution <> yoksu
destra <> Destr
destro <> Destr
destroy <> öldür
destroy <> ümidi
destroy <> harap
destroy <> imha
destroy <> mahve
destroy <> tüket
destroy <> tahri
destroy <> yıkma
destroyed <> berba
destroyed <> taraf
destroyed <> yok
destroyer <> destr
destroyer <> torpi
destroyer <> yok 
destroyers <> destr
destroying <> tahri
destroys <> yok
destruct <> hedef
destruct <> imha
destruct <> kendi
destructed <> tahri
destructible <> yok
destructible <> yok 
destructing <> yok
destruction <> öldür
destruction <> imha
destruction <> tahri
destruction <> yıkma
destruction <> yok 
destructions <> tahri
destructive <> yıkıc
destructive <> zarar
destructiveness <> yoked
destructives <> yıkıc
destructor <> çöp
destructor <> çöp 
destructors <> yıkıc
destructs <> yok
desuetude <> kulla
desuetude <> yürür
desulfurization <> Desül
desulphurisation <> desül
desulphurization <> desül
desulphurize <> kükür
desultorily <> berba
desultoriness <> maymu
desultoriness <> tutar
desultory <> düzen
desultory <> geliş
desultory <> istik
desultory <> maymu
desultory <> rasge
desultory <> tutar
desynchronized <> uyums
desynchronizes <> uyums
detach <> çözme
detach <> çıkma
detach <> özel
detach <> ayırm
detach <> kopma
detach <> sökme
detachable <> çıkar
detachable <> sökül
detachably <> sökül
detached <> bağım
detached <> taraf
detachedly <> aldır
detachedly <> ayrı
detachedly <> müsta
detachedly <> objek
detachedly <> taraf
detaching <> ayrıl
detachment <> önyar
detachment <> ayırm
detachment <> dekol
detachment <> kıta
detachment <> taraf
detachments <> müfre
detail <> özel
detail <> ayrın
detail <> detay
detailed <> ayrın
detailed <> detay
detailed <> etraf
detailers <> detay
detailing <> detay
details <> Ayrın
details <> ayrın
details <> tefer
detain <> alıko
detain <> gözal
detain <> hapse
detain <> mahru
detained <> gözal
detainee <> gözal
detainee <> tutuk
detainees <> tutuk
detainer <> gözet
detainer <> malın
detainer <> tutuk
detaining <> gözal
detainment <> tutuk
detains <> gözal
detect <> belir
detect <> farke
detect <> keşfe
detect <> ortay
detect <> sezme
detectable <> keşfe
detectable <> ortay
detectable <> sapta
detectably <> belir
detected <> tespi
detecting <> tespi
detection <> bulma
detection <> buluş
detection <> demod
detection <> keşif
detection <> suçlu
detections <> Sapta
detective <> dedek
detective <> detek
detective <> hafiy
detective <> polis
detectives <> Dedek
detectophone <> dinle
detector <> akım
detector <> buluc
detector <> detek
detectors <> dedek
detects <> algıl
detent <> kontr
detent <> tetik
detente <> ülkel
detente <> ulusl
detention <> alıko
detention <> engel
detention <> evci
detention <> gözal
detention <> gecik
detention <> tutuk
detentions <> gözal
detents <> kilit
deter <> caydı
deter <> gözün
deter <> yıldı
detergency <> deter
detergent <> deter
detergent <> temiz
detergents <> deter
deteriorate <> bozma
deteriorate <> bozul
deteriorate <> fenal
deteriorate <> geril
deteriorate <> kötül
deteriorated <> bozul
deteriorates <> bozul
deteriorating <> kötül
deterioration <> çürük
deterioration <> bozul
deterioration <> kötüy
deteriorations <> bozul
deteriorative <> bozuc
determent <> caydı
determent <> engel
determinable <> belir
determinable <> sınır
determinacy <> belir
determinant <> belir
determinant <> deter
determinant <> etken
determinant <> etkin
determinant <> hükme
determinant <> hakim
determinant <> sıfat
determinants <> belir
determinate <> belir
determinate <> sınır
determinated <> tamla
determinates <> deter
determination <> azim
determination <> belir
determination <> karar
determination <> niyet
determination <> sapla
determination <> sapta
determination <> tespi
determinations <> tespi
determinative <> belir
determinative <> nitel
determinative <> sınır
determine <> belir
determine <> karar
determine <> neden
determine <> sabit
determine <> sapta
determined <> aziml
determined <> karar
determined <> kesin
determinedly <> aziml
determinedly <> karar
determinedly <> kesin
determiner <> belir
determiner <> nitel
determiners <> belir
determines <> belir
determining <> belir
determinism <> deter
determinism <> kaçın
deterministic <> deter
deterred <> engel
deterrence <> caydı
deterrence <> engel
deterrent <> caydı
deterrent <> engel
deterrent <> vazge
deterring <> caydı
detersive <> temiz
detest <> hoşla
detest <> iğren
detest <> nefre
detestable <> iğren
detestable <> nefre
detestable <> tiksi
detestation <> iğren
detestation <> nefre
detested <> nefre
dethrone <> tahtt
dethroned <> tahtt
dethronement <> tahtt
detonate <> infil
detonate <> patla
detonated <> patla
detonates <> patla
detonating <> patla
detonation <> infil
detonation <> patla
detonations <> deton
detonator <> ateşl
detonator <> fitil
detonator <> funya
detonator <> patla
detonator <> sis 
detonators <> fünye
detorsion <> detor
detour <> dolam
detour <> sapak
detour <> sapma
detour <> saptı
detour <> servi
detouring <> sapan
detox <> Detok
detoxicate <> zehir
detoxication <> detok
detoxification <> detok
detoxified <> detok
detoxifiers <> toksi
detoxify <> zehir
detoxifying <> Detox
detract <> alçal
detract <> azalt
detract <> değer
detract <> eksil
detract <> küçük
detracting <> uzakl
detraction <> çekiş
detraction <> azalt
detraction <> eksil
detraction <> kötül
detractive <> azalt
detractive <> bozuc
detractive <> küçül
detractor <> aleyh
detractor <> küçük
detrain <> trend
detrainment <> trend
detriment <> hasar
detriment <> zarar
detrimental <> zarar
detrital <> aşınm
detrital <> dökün
detrition <> aşınm
detritus <> dökün
detritus <> taş 
detrude <> aşağı
detrude <> itip
detruncate <> bir 
detruncate <> kesip
detrusion <> aşağı
detrusor <> detrü
detune <> Detun
detuned <> deton
deuce <> şeyta
deuce <> berab
deuce <> dü
deuce <> ikili
deuce <> kör 
deuced <> Allah
deuced <> berba
deuced <> birço
deuces <> ikili
deuterated <> döter
deuteric <> Döter
deuterium <> döter
deutero <> Döter
deuteromycetes <> Deute
deuteronomy <> on
deuteronomy <> on 
deuterons <> döter
deutonymph <> deuto
devaluate <> değer
devaluate <> deval
devaluated <> deval
devaluation <> deval
devaluation <> paran
devaluations <> deval
devalue <> değer
devalue <> deval
devalued <> deval
devaluing <> değer
devanagari <> Devan
devas <> deval
devascularization <> devas
devastate <> enkaz
devastate <> harap
devastate <> mahve
devastate <> tahri
devastated <> harap
devastates <> periş
devastating <> çarpı
devastating <> etkil
devastating <> ezici
devastating <> müthi
devastating <> tahri
devastating <> yıkıc
devastation <> harap
devastation <> tahri
devastation <> yakıp
devastative <> yıkıc
devastator <> Devas
devasted <> Afet
develop <> ün 
develop <> şekil
develop <> açıkl
develop <> açını
develop <> banyo
develop <> geliş
develop <> ilerl
develop <> ilgi
develop <> tab 
develop <> yükse
developability <> Geliş
developable <> geliş
develope <> ün 
develope <> şekil
develope <> açıkl
develope <> açını
develope <> banyo
develope <> geliş
develope <> ilerl
develope <> ilgi
develope <> tab 
develope <> yükse
developed <> bayın
developed <> geliş
developer <> şehir
developer <> film
developer <> geliş
developers <> Geliş
developes <> geliş
developing <> geliş
developing <> ilerl
development <> büyüm
development <> geliş
development <> kalkı
development <> site
development <> son 
development <> tab 
developmental <> geliş
developmental <> kalkı
developmentalist <> kalkı
developmentally <> geliş
developments <> geliş
developped <> bayın
developped <> geliş
developping <> Geliş
develops <> geliş
deverbal <> sıfat
deviance <> sapma
deviancy <> sapkı
deviant <> norma
deviate <> ayrıl
deviate <> sapma
deviate <> saptı
deviate <> yolda
deviated <> sapmı
deviates <> sapma
deviating <> sapma
deviation <> ayrıl
deviation <> sapma
deviationism <> inanç
deviationism <> parti
deviationist <> parti
deviationist <> polit
deviations <> sapma
deviator <> Devia
deviatoric <> devia
deviators <> fasık
device <> alet
device <> arma
device <> cihaz
device <> eğili
device <> hile
device <> işare
device <> istek
device <> makin
device <> nişan
device <> oyun
devices <> cihaz
devil <> şeyta
devil <> acı 
devil <> avuka
devil <> bahar
devil <> canın
devil <> canlı
devil <> iblis
devil <> makin
devil <> rahat
devil <> stajy
devil <> yazar
devildom <> şeyta
deviled <> bahar
devilish <> çok 
devilish <> şeyta
devilish <> aşırı
devilish <> berba
devilish <> kötü
devilish <> müthi
devilled <> bahar
devillite <> Devil
devilman <> Devil
devilment <> şeyta
devilment <> hayla
devilment <> yaram
devilry <> şeyta
devilry <> huysu
devilry <> kötül
devilry <> sihir
devilry <> yaram
devious <> aldat
devious <> dürüs
devious <> dolam
devious <> sapa
deviously <> sinsi
deviousness <> çapra
deviousness <> aldat
deviousness <> dürüs
deviousness <> eğril
devis <> Devis
devisable <> tasar
devisable <> tasav
devisable <> vasiy
devise <> bulma
devise <> icat
devise <> planl
devise <> tasar
devise <> vasiy
devised <> icat
devisee <> miras
devisee <> varis
deviser <> mucit
devising <> oluşt
devision <> Devis
devisor <> vasiy
devitalize <> cansı
devitalize <> heves
devitalized <> cansı
devitrification <> Devit
devitrified <> devit
devitrify <> cüruf
devoicing <> devoi
devoid <> yoksu
devoir <> devoi
devoir <> görev
devoirs <> nezak
devoirs <> saygı
devolution <> bozul
devolution <> dejen
devolution <> devre
devolution <> nakil
devolution <> veras
devolution <> yozla
devolutionary <> yetki
devolve <> üzeri
devolve <> devre
devolve <> geçme
devolve <> kalma
devolved <> intik
devolving <> devri
devonport <> Devon
devore <> Devor
devote <> adama
devote <> ayırm
devote <> tahsi
devoted <> özver
devoted <> üzeri
devoted <> bağlı
devoted <> fedak
devoted <> sadık
devotedly <> özver
devotedly <> bağlı
devotedly <> fedâk
devotee <> düşkü
devotee <> dinda
devotee <> fanat
devotee <> hayra
devotee <> merak
devotee <> sofu
devotees <> adanm
devotes <> ayırı
devoting <> adıyo
devotion <> özver
devotion <> bağlı
devotion <> düşkü
devotion <> fedak
devotion <> sadak
devotional <> dinda
devotional <> ibade
devotional <> sadak
devotions <> dua
devotions <> ibade
devour <> bir 
devour <> devou
devour <> oburc
devour <> yakıp
devour <> yalay
devour <> yiyip
devoured <> yiyip
devouring <> üzücü
devouring <> yiyip
devouringly <> son 
devouringly <> yiyip
devout <> ciddi
devout <> dinda
devout <> içten
devout <> istek
devout <> sadık
devout <> samim
devoutness <> azim
devoutness <> ciddi
devoutness <> dinda
devoutness <> istek
devoutness <> soful
devs <> Devs
dew <> çiy
dew <> şebne
dew <> damla
dew <> gençl
dew <> tazel
dewan <> divan
dewar <> Dewar
dewater <> suyun
dewatered <> suyu
dewatering <> susuz
dewax <> mumun
dewaxed <> mumu
dewberry <> böğür
dewdrops <> Dewdr
deweylite <> Devey
dewindtite <> Devin
dewiness <> ıslak
dewiness <> nem
dewing <> çiğle
dewitt <> DeWit
dewlap <> boynu
dewlap <> gerda
dewpoint <> çiğ
dewpoints <> işba
dewy <> çiy 
dewy <> canlı
dewy <> gözya
dewy <> hayat
dewy <> nemli
dewy <> taze
dexamethasone <> deksa
dexpanthenol <> deksp
dexter <> dexte
dexter <> sağ
dexter <> sağda
dexterity <> becer
dexterity <> el 
dexterity <> hüner
dexterity <> mahar
dexterity <> ustal
dexterous <> becer
dexterous <> eli 
dexterous <> hüner
dexterous <> usta
dexterously <> ustal
dexters <> Dexte
dextra <> Dextr
dextral <> sağ
dextrally <> sağ
dextran <> dekst
dextrin <> dekst
dextrine <> dekst
dextrins <> dekst
dextro <> Dextr
dextrocardia <> dekst
dextromethorphan <> dekst
dextropropoxyphene <> dekst
dextrorotatory <> çevir
dextrorse <> sağa
dextrose <> üzüm
dextrose <> dekst
dextrous <> becer
dextrous <> eli 
dextrous <> marif
dey <> dayı
dey <> vali
dezinc <> çinko
dhal <> Dhal
dhaulagiri <> Dhaul
dhol <> Dhol
dhole <> Hintl
dhow <> Arap
diabantite <> Diyab
diabase <> diyab
diabases <> diyab
diabasic <> diyab
diabetes <> şeker
diabetes <> diyab
diabetic <> şeker
diabetic <> diyab
diabetics <> Diyab
diabetogenic <> diyab
diabetologist <> diyab
diabetology <> diyab
diable <> Diabl
diablerie <> şeyta
diablerie <> büyüc
diables <> şeyta
diablo <> şeker
diaboleite <> Diyab
diabolic <> şeyta
diabolic <> insan
diabolical <> şeyta
diabolical <> insan
diabolism <> şeyta
diabolo <> makar
diacetate <> diase
diacetyl <> diase
diachronic <> art
diachronic <> tarih
diachronous <> farkl
diacid <> iki
diacid <> iki 
diaconate <> diyak
diacritic <> ayırı
diacritic <> belir
diacritic <> fonet
diacritical <> aksan
diacritics <> aksan
diactinic <> aktin
diacylglycerol <> diaçi
diadem <> hüküm
diadem <> taç
diadems <> diade
diaeresis <> iki
diaeresis <> iki 
diagenesis <> diyaj
diagenetic <> diyaj
diagnosable <> teşhi
diagnose <> Tanı
diagnose <> hakkı
diagnose <> tanım
diagnose <> teşhi
diagnosed <> tanıs
diagnoses <> tanıl
diagnosing <> teşhi
diagnosis <> belir
diagnosis <> göste
diagnosis <> tanı
diagnosis <> teşhi
diagnostic <> tanı
diagnostic <> teşhi
diagnostical <> tanıs
diagnostically <> tanıs
diagnostician <> teşhi
diagnosticians <> teşhi
diagnostics <> teşhi
diagonal <> çapra
diagonal <> diyag
diagonal <> köşeg
diagonalisation <> Diyag
diagonalizable <> köşeg
diagonalization <> köşeg
diagonalizations <> köşeg
diagonalized <> köşeg
diagonally <> çapra
diagonally <> bir 
diagonals <> çapra
diagram <> şema
diagram <> diyag
diagram <> tasla
diagrammatic <> şemat
diagrammatic <> diyag
diagrammatical <> diyag
diagrammatically <> şemat
diagrammer <> Diagr
diagramming <> diyag
diagrams <> diyag
dial <> kadra
dial <> radyo
dial <> skala
dial <> surat
dial <> telef
dial <> tuşla
dial <> yüz
dialdehyde <> diald
dialect <> ağız
dialect <> diyal
dialect <> lehçe
dialectal <> lehçe
dialectic <> diyal
dialectic <> mantı
dialectical <> diyal
dialectical <> mantı
dialectically <> diyal
dialectician <> mantı
dialecticians <> diyal
dialectics <> mantı
dialectology <> bölge
dialects <> lehçe
dialed <> Arana
dialer <> çevir
dialers <> diale
dialing <> arama
dialkyl <> dialk
dialled <> Arana
dialler <> çevir
diallers <> diale
dialling <> arama
dialog <> diyal
dialog <> ileti
dialog <> karşı
dialogic <> diyal
dialogical <> diyal
dialogs <> diyal
dialogue <> diyal
dialogue <> karşı
dialogues <> diyal
dialoguing <> Diyal
dials <> kadra
dialysable <> diyal
dialysate <> diyal
dialyse <> diyal
dialyse <> süzer
dialysed <> diyal
dialyser <> diyaf
dialyser <> diyal
dialysers <> diyal
dialyses <> diyal
dialysis <> diyal
dialysis <> kanı
dialytic <> diyal
dialyzable <> diyal
dialyzed <> diyal
dialyzer <> diyal
dialyzing <> diyal
diamagnetism <> diyam
diamantine <> Diama
diameter <> çap
diameter <> en
diameter <> kalın
diameters <> çapla
diametric <> Dimet
diametrical <> çapa
diametrical <> çapla
diametrical <> tamam
diametrical <> zıt
diametrically <> çapla
diametrically <> zıt
diametrically <> zıt 
diamictite <> Diyam
diamine <> diami
diamines <> diami
diamins <> Diami
diammonium <> diamo
diamniotic <> diamn
diamond <> bakla
diamond <> beysb
diamond <> camcı
diamond <> elmas
diamond <> karo
diamond <> pırla
diamondback <> Diamo
diamonds <> elmas
diamorphine <> diamo
dianthus <> karan
diapason <> diyap
diapason <> gitti
diapausing <> diyap
diaper <> altın
diaper <> bakla
diaper <> bebek
diaper <> karış
diaper <> ped
diapers <> çocuk
diaphane <> Diaph
diaphanous <> donuk
diaphanous <> yarı
diaphone <> diyaf
diaphorase <> Diaph
diaphoresis <> terle
diaphoretic <> terle
diaphorite <> Diyaf
diaphragm <> diyaf
diaphragma <> diyaf
diaphragmatic <> diyaf
diaphragms <> diyaf
diaphyseal <> diyaf
diaphysial <> cisim
diaphysis <> diafi
diapir <> Diyap
diapiric <> diyap
diapirism <> Diyap
diapirs <> diyap
diapositive <> diapo
diapositives <> diapo
diarchy <> iki
diarchy <> iki 
diaries <> günlü
diarist <> günlü
diarize <> günlü
diarize <> hatır
diarrhea <> amel
diarrhea <> diyar
diarrhea <> ishal
diarrheal <> ishal
diarrheic <> ishal
diarrhoea <> amel
diarrhoea <> diyar
diarrhoea <> ishal
diarrhoeal <> ishal
diarrhoeic <> ishal
diary <> ajand
diary <> günlü
diary <> hatır
diary <> jurna
diascopy <> diyas
diaspididae <> Diasp
diaspora <> Yahud
diaspora <> diasp
diaspora <> sürgü
diasporas <> diasp
diaspore <> diasp
diaspores <> diyas
diastase <> diast
diastatic <> diast
diastematomyelia <> diast
diaster <> afet
diaster <> facia
diaster <> felâk
diaster <> yıkım
diastereoisomerism <> Diast
diastereomer <> diast
diastereomers <> Diast
diastole <> diyas
diastole <> kâlbi
diastolic <> diyas
diately <> görme
diathermancy <> sıcak
diathermia <> diate
diathermic <> kızgı
diathermy <> ısı 
diathermy <> diyat
diatheses <> diyat
diathesis <> beden
diathesis <> zayıf
diatomic <> İki
diatomite <> diyat
diatomites <> diyat
diatoms <> diato
diatonic <> diyat
diatreme <> Diyat
diatribe <> hiciv
diatribe <> küçük
diatribe <> sert
diazonium <> diazo
dib <> aşık
dibasic <> dibaz
dibber <> fide
dibble <> fidan
dibble <> fide
dibenzofurans <> diben
dibenzoyl <> Diben
diboride <> dibor
diborides <> dibor
dibromide <> dibro
dibromopropamidine <> dibro
dibs <> beşta
dibs <> hak
dibs <> ufak
dibucaine <> dibuk
dibutyl <> dibut
dicalcium <> dikal
dicarboxylic <> dikar
dice <> küp 
dice <> zar 
dice <> zarla
diced <> doğra
dicentric <> disen
dicer <> zar
dicer <> zar 
dicey <> şüphe
dicey <> şansa
dicey <> riskl
dichloride <> diklo
dichloroacetate <> Diklo
dichlorobenzene <> diklo
dichloroethane <> diklo
dichloromethane <> diklo
dichlorophenyl <> diklo
dichlorvos <> diklo
dichorionic <> dikor
dichotic <> dikot
dichotomized <> dikot
dichotomizing <> BCD
dichotomy <> çatal
dichotomy <> iki 
dichotomy <> ikiye
dichroic <> dikro
dichroism <> dikro
dichromate <> dikro
dichromatic <> ana 
dichromatic <> iki
dichromatic <> iki 
dicht <> Dicht
dick <> çük
dick <> adam
dick <> dedek
dick <> dick
dick <> herif
dick <> kamış
dick <> penis
dickens <> şeyta
dicker <> değiş
dicker <> karar
dicker <> pazar
dicker <> takas
dickey <> çürük
dickey <> önlük
dickey <> şoför
dickey <> eşek
dickey <> hasta
dickey <> minik
dickey <> papyo
dickey <> sarsa
dickey <> yaka
dickhead <> çük
dickhead <> çük 
dickie <> Dicki
dickies <> Dicki
dickinsonite <> Dikin
dickite <> dikit
dicky <> çürük
dicky <> önlük
dicky <> şoför
dicky <> eşek
dicky <> hasta
dicky <> minik
dicky <> papyo
dicky <> sarsa
dicky <> yaka
diclofenac <> Diklo
dicot <> dikot
dicots <> ikiçe
dicotyledon <> tohum
dicotyledonous <> iki
dicotyledonous <> iki 
dicrocoelium <> Dicro
dicta <> özdey
dicta <> hüküm
dicta <> resmi
dicta <> veciz
dictaphone <> dikta
dictaphone <> ses 
dictate <> belir
dictate <> dikte
dictate <> emir
dictate <> emret
dictate <> etkil
dictate <> prens
dictate <> söyle
dictate <> zorla
dictated <> dikte
dictates <> dikte
dictating <> dikte
dictation <> dikte
dictation <> emir
dictation <> imlâ
dictations <> dikte
dictator <> dikta
dictator <> dikte
dictator <> yazdı
dictatorial <> amira
dictatorial <> dikta
dictators <> dikta
dictatorship <> dikta
dictatorships <> dikta
dictatress <> kadın
diction <> diksi
diction <> söyle
dictionaries <> sözlü
dictionary <> Sözlü
dictionary <> ansik
dictionary <> sözlü
dictograph <> dikto
dictograph <> telef
dictum <> özdey
dictum <> hüküm
dictum <> resmi
dictum <> veciz
dictyocaulus <> Dicty
dicyclohexylcarbodiimide <> disik
did <> yaptı
didactic <> öğret
didactic <> didak
didactic <> eğiti
didactical <> didak
didactics <> öğret
didactics <> eğitb
didactics <> pedag
didanosine <> didan
diddle <> dolan
diddle <> kıpır
diddle <> kandı
diddle <> vakit
diddle <> yerin
diddle <> yuttu
diddley <> Diddl
didicoi <> Çinge
didine <> Didin
didjeridu <> Didje
dido <> muzip
dido <> tuhaf
didst <> yükle
didymolite <> Didim
die <> ölmek
die <> barbu
die <> canı
die <> göçme
die <> geber
die <> sıkıl
die <> sıkın
die <> solma
die <> sona
die <> tatma
die <> zar
die <> zar 
diecast <> döküm
diecasting <> döküm
died <> ölüm
died <> öldü
dieffenbachia <> Dieff
dieing <> ölüm
dieing <> ölen
dieing <> ölme
dieing <> ölmek
dieing <> cansı
dieing <> nesli
dielectric <> diele
dielectric <> elekt
dielectric <> yalıt
dielectrics <> diele
diencephalic <> Diens
diene <> dien
dienes <> dienl
dieresis <> harfi
dieresis <> iki
dieresis <> iki 
dies <> kalıp
dies <> sütun
diesel <> dizel
dieselize <> dizel
diesels <> dizel
dieses <> Diese
diesinkers <> Kalıp
diesinking <> Kalıp
diesis <> başvu
diesis <> diyez
diest <> Diest
diester <> diest
diet <> besle
diet <> diyet
diet <> gıda
diet <> kurul
diet <> mecli
diet <> oturu
diet <> perhi
diet <> rejim
dietary <> besle
dietary <> diyet
dietary <> rejim
dietetic <> Diyet
dietetic <> perhi
dietetics <> diyet
diether <> Dieth
diethyl <> dieti
diethylamide <> dieti
diethylamine <> dieti
diethylene <> dieti
diethylstilbestrol <> dieti
dietic <> Diet
dietician <> besle
dietician <> diyet
dieticians <> diyet
dieting <> diyet
dietitian <> besle
dietitian <> diyet
dietitians <> diyet
diets <> diyet
dietzeite <> Diyet
diff <> fark
diffeomorphism <> Diffe
differ <> anlaş
differ <> benze
differ <> farkl
differ <> farlı
differ <> ters
differed <> farkl
difference <> ayrıl
difference <> ayrım
difference <> benze
difference <> fark
difference <> fikir
difference <> ihtil
difference <> olağa
differenced <> farkl
differences <> farkl
differencies <> farkl
differencing <> farkı
differency <> farkl
different <> çeşit
different <> başka
different <> değiş
different <> diğer
different <> farkl
differentiability <> türev
differentiable <> difer
differential <> ayrım
differential <> değer
differential <> difer
differential <> farkl
differential <> kadem
differential <> türev
differentially <> ayirt
differentials <> difer
differentiate <> ayırd
differentiate <> ayırt
differentiate <> ayrım
differentiate <> farkı
differentiate <> fark
differentiate <> farkl
differentiated <> difer
differentiates <> farkl
differentiating <> farkl
differentiation <> ayırt
differentiation <> fark
differentiation <> farkl
differentiation <> türev
differentiations <> farkl
differentiator <> türev
differently <> çeşit
differently <> başka
differently <> değiş
differently <> farkl
differing <> farkl
differs <> farkl
difficult <> çatal
difficult <> çetin
difficult <> belâl
difficult <> güç
difficult <> geçim
difficult <> huysu
difficult <> inatç
difficult <> müşkü
difficult <> titiz
difficult <> zor
difficult <> zor 
difficulties <> zorlu
difficultly <> zor
difficulty <> engel
difficulty <> güçlü
difficulty <> külfe
difficulty <> meşak
difficulty <> sıkın
difficulty <> sorun
difficulty <> zorlu
diffidence <> çekin
diffidence <> kendi
diffident <> çekin
diffident <> kendi
diffident <> pısır
diffident <> utang
diffluent <> akıcı
diffract <> kırar
diffract <> yayma
diffracted <> kırın
diffraction <> ışınl
diffraction <> kırın
diffractions <> spekt
diffractive <> difra
diffractometer <> difra
diffractometry <> spekt
diffs <> farkl
diffuse <> ayrın
diffuse <> dökme
diffuse <> dağıl
diffuse <> dağın
diffuse <> dağıt
diffuse <> gerek
diffuse <> karış
diffuse <> nüfuz
diffuse <> yayıl
diffuse <> yaygı
diffuse <> yayma
diffused <> dağın
diffusely <> diffü
diffuser <> difüz
diffusers <> difüz
diffuses <> yayıl
diffusibility <> dağıl
diffusible <> dağıl
diffusible <> yayıl
diffusing <> difüz
diffusion <> dağıl
diffusion <> nüfuz
diffusion <> yayıl
diffusion <> yayma
diffusionist <> Yayıl
diffusions <> diffü
diffusive <> ayrın
diffusive <> gerek
diffusive <> uzun
diffusive <> yaygı
diffusiveness <> dağın
diffusiveness <> gerek
diffusiveness <> yaygı
diffusivities <> difüz
diffusivity <> difüz
diffusors <> Difüz
diflubenzuron <> Diflu
difluoride <> diflo
dig <> çukur
dig <> anlam
dig <> araşt
dig <> belle
dig <> dürtm
dig <> deşme
dig <> göz 
dig <> hafri
dig <> harıl
dig <> hoşla
dig <> iğnel
dig <> incel
dig <> inekl
dig <> kazı
dig <> kazma
dig <> lojma
dig <> mahmu
dig <> taş
dig <> yemeğ
dig <> yurt
digamist <> ikinc
digamous <> ikinc
digastric <> digas
digenite <> dijen
digest <> özet
digest <> derle
digest <> hazme
digest <> hazmo
digest <> katla
digest <> kavra
digest <> parça
digest <> seçme
digest <> sindi
digested <> sindi
digesters <> çürüt
digestibilities <> sindi
digestibility <> sindi
digestible <> hafif
digestible <> sindi
digesting <> sindi
digestion <> özüms
digestion <> hazım
digestion <> kavra
digestion <> sindi
digestions <> sindi
digestive <> hazme
digestive <> sindi
digestor <> dijes
digged <> kazıl
digger <> Avust
digger <> greyd
digger <> kazıc
digger <> kazma
digger <> kepçe
digger <> sarıc
diggers <> kepçe
digging <> kazma
diggings <> altın
diggings <> kazı
diggings <> kazıd
diggings <> maden
diggings <> pansi
diggings <> yurt
digit <> basam
digit <> hane
digit <> parma
digit <> tek 
digital <> dijit
digital <> parma
digital <> sayıs
digital <> tuş
digitalis <> yüksü
digitalisation <> dijit
digitalised <> dijit
digitalism <> Digit
digitalization <> dijit
digitalize <> dijit
digitalized <> dijit
digitalizing <> sayıs
digitally <> dijit
digitate <> el 
digitate <> parma
digitate <> perde
digitated <> el 
digitated <> parma
digitated <> perde
digitisation <> sayıs
digitise <> digit
digitised <> sayıs
digitising <> sayıs
digitization <> sayıs
digitized <> sayıs
digitizers <> sayıs
digitizes <> dijit
digitizing <> sayıs
digitoxin <> digit
digits <> basam
diglycerides <> digli
digne <> DIGNE
dignified <> şeref
dignified <> ağır
dignified <> ağırb
dignified <> asil
dignified <> değer
dignified <> temki
dignify <> şeref
dignify <> değer
dignify <> paye
dignitaries <> devle
dignitary <> büyük
dignitary <> ruhan
dignitary <> yükse
dignities <> saygı
dignity <> şeref
dignity <> ağırb
dignity <> asale
dignity <> haysi
dignity <> itiba
dignity <> temki
dignity <> yücel
dignity <> yükse
digoxin <> digok
digraph <> tek
digraph <> tek 
digress <> dışın
digress <> konuy
digress <> sapma
digressed <> konu
digression <> konu
digression <> konud
digressions <> yan
digressive <> gerek
digressive <> konu
digressive <> yersi
digs <> pansi
digs <> yurt
digue <> Digue
dihalides <> dihal
dihedral <> dihed
dihedral <> iki 
dihedral <> v 
dihedron <> İki
dihydrate <> dihid
dihydride <> Dihid
dihydrochloride <> dihid
dihydroergotamine <> dihid
dihydrofolate <> dihid
dihydrogen <> dihid
dihydrolase <> dihid
dihydropyridine <> dihid
dihydropyridines <> dihid
dihydropyrimidine <> dihid
dihydrostreptomycin <> dihid
dihydrotestosterone <> dihid
dihydroxy <> dihid
dihydroxyacetone <> dihid
dihydroxycholecalciferol <> dihid
diisocyanate <> diizo
diisocyanates <> diizo
dika <> Dika
dike <> bent
dike <> duvar
dike <> hende
dike <> kanal
dike <> lezbi
dike <> süsle
dike <> set
dike <> set 
dike <> sevic
dike <> siper
diker <> Diker
dikes <> daykl
diketone <> diket
diketones <> Diket
dikey <> karış
diktat <> dikta
dilantin <> Dilan
dilapidate <> bakım
dilapidate <> harap
dilapidate <> kırıp
dilapidated <> dökün
dilapidated <> harap
dilapidated <> yıkıl
dilapidation <> aşınm
dilapidation <> bakım
dilapidation <> harap
dilapidation <> onarı
dilatable <> geniş
dilatable <> uzaya
dilatation <> açılm
dilatation <> geniş
dilatation <> genle
dilatational <> genle
dilatations <> dilat
dilatator <> dilat
dilate <> açıkl
dilate <> açmak
dilate <> büyüt
dilate <> geniş
dilated <> dilat
dilates <> geniş
dilating <> açmad
dilation <> açılm
dilation <> geniş
dilation <> genle
dilations <> dilat
dilatometer <> dilat
dilator <> şişir
dilator <> kanal
dilatoriness <> üşeng
dilatoriness <> ağırd
dilatoriness <> tembe
dilators <> dilat
dilatory <> üşeng
dilatory <> ağırd
dilatory <> gecik
dilatory <> oyala
dildo <> yapay
dilemma <> çıkma
dilemma <> ikile
dilemma <> ikisi
dilemmas <> ikile
dilettante <> amatö
dilettante <> güzel
dilettante <> zevk
dilettantism <> amatö
dilettantism <> sanat
diligence <> çaba
diligence <> çalış
diligence <> önlem
diligence <> atlı
diligence <> hamar
diligent <> çalış
diligent <> gayre
diligent <> hamar
diligent <> işine
diligently <> özenl
dill <> dereo
dilli <> Dilli
dilling <> Dilli
dilly <> Dilly
dillydally <> oyala
diluent <> seyre
diluent <> sulan
diluents <> seyre
dilute <> açmak
dilute <> cansı
dilute <> etkis
dilute <> seyre
dilute <> sulan
diluted <> etkis
diluted <> seyre
diluted <> sulan
dilutee <> deney
dilutee <> nitel
dilutes <> sulan
diluting <> sulan
dilution <> cansı
dilution <> eriyi
dilution <> seyre
dilution <> sulan
dilutional <> dilüs
dilutions <> dilüs
dilutive <> sulan
diluvial <> Büyük
diluvial <> diluv
diluvial <> selde
diluvial <> tufan
diluvium <> buzul
diluvium <> dilüv
diluvium <> olayl
diluvium <> tufan
dim <> anlay
dim <> bulan
dim <> donuk
dim <> kalın
dim <> karar
dim <> sönük
dime <> on 
dime <> ucuz
dimension <> çapla
dimension <> ölçü
dimension <> ölçül
dimension <> boyut
dimension <> ebat
dimensional <> ölçül
dimensional <> boyut
dimensionality <> boyut
dimensionally <> boyut
dimensioned <> boyut
dimensioning <> ölçül
dimensionless <> boyut
dimensions <> ölçü
dimensions <> boyut
dimensions <> ebat
dimensity <> Dimen
dimera <> Dimer
dimeric <> dimer
dimerization <> dimer
dimers <> dimer
dimes <> Dimes
dimestore <> Dimes
dimeter <> iki
dimeter <> iki 
dimethacrylate <> dimet
dimethicone <> dimet
dimethoxy <> dimet
dimethyl <> dimet
dimethylallyl <> dimet
dimethylamine <> dimet
dimethylamino <> dimet
dimethylaminoethyl <> dimet
dimethylaniline <> dimet
dimethylbenzene <> dimet
dimethylformamide <> dimet
dimethylolurea <> dimet
dimethylphenyl <> dimet
dimethylpolysiloxane <> Dimet
dimethylsulfoxide <> dimet
dimetric <> dimet
dimetridazole <> Dimet
dimidiate <> iki
dimidiate <> iki 
diminish <> azalm
diminish <> azalt
diminish <> eksil
diminish <> incel
diminish <> küçül
diminish <> kısma
diminish <> sivri
diminished <> azalt
diminished <> düşür
diminishes <> azalı
diminishing <> azala
diminishing <> eksil
diminishment <> düşük
diminuendo <> dimin
diminuendo <> ses 
diminution <> azalm
diminution <> azalt
diminution <> eksil
diminution <> küçül
diminutival <> küçül
diminutive <> küçüc
diminutive <> küçül
diminutive <> minik
diminutive <> minna
dimity <> dimi
dimity <> kabar
dimly <> Loş
dimmable <> dim
dimmed <> soluk
dimmer <> ışık
dimmer <> daha
dimmer <> kısık
dimmers <> kısa
dimmers <> park
dimming <> karar
dimness <> bulan
dimness <> donuk
dimness <> loşlu
dimness <> sönük
dimolecular <> Dimol
dimorphic <> çift
dimorphic <> iki
dimorphic <> iki 
dimorphism <> çift
dimorphism <> iki
dimorphism <> iki 
dimorphisms <> dimor
dimorphite <> Dimor
dimorphous <> çift
dimorphous <> iki
dimorphous <> iki 
dimple <> çene
dimple <> çukur
dimple <> gamze
dimpled <> çukur
dimpled <> gamze
dimples <> gamze
dimply <> çukur
dimply <> gamze
dims <> karar
dimwitted <> ahmak
dimwitted <> alık
dimwitted <> beyin
dimwitted <> salak
din <> çınla
din <> şamat
din <> gürül
din <> gürle
din <> kafas
din <> söyle
din <> tekra
din <> yankı
dinantian <> Dinan
dinar <> dinar
dinaric <> Dinar
dinars <> dinar
dine <> ağırl
dine <> akşam
dined <> Dined
diner <> akşam
diner <> lokan
diner <> yemek
diners <> Diner
dines <> Dines
dinette <> yemek
ding <> çınla
ding <> ding
ding <> tınla
ding <> tekra
dingbat <> Dingb
dingdong <> çan
dingdong <> çan 
dingdong <> çekiş
dingdong <> çetin
dinge <> Dinge
dinger <> Dinge
dinghies <> bot
dinghy <> filik
dinghy <> sanda
dingily <> kir
dingily <> kir 
dingily <> pisli
dinginess <> adı 
dinginess <> adili
dinginess <> donuk
dinginess <> monot
dinginess <> pisli
dinginess <> soluk
dingle <> ağaçl
dingle <> derec
dingo <> dingo
dingo <> hain
dingo <> korka
dingo <> yaban
dingwall <> Dingw
dingwalls <> Dingw
dingy <> kirli
dingy <> pis
dingy <> rengi
dining <> yemek
diningroom <> yemek
diningrooms <> Oturm
dinitrate <> dinit
dinitrile <> dinit
dinitrogen <> diazo
dinitrophenol <> dinit
dinitrophenylhydrazine <> dinit
dinkum <> dürüs
dinkum <> gerçe
dinkum <> hakik
dinky <> önems
dinky <> cici
dinky <> minic
dinky <> ufacı
dinky <> zarif
dinner <> akşam
dinner <> yemek
dinner <> ziyaf
dinners <> yemek
dinnerware <> yemek
dinning <> yemek
dinophyceae <> Dinof
dinoprost <> Dinop
dinoprostone <> Dinop
dinos <> Dinos
dinosaur <> dinaz
dinosaur <> dinoz
dinosaurian <> dinoz
dinosaurs <> dinoz
dint <> çenti
dint <> çizik
dint <> iz
dint <> kuvve
dint <> ufak
dinucleotide <> dinük
dinucleotides <> dinük
diocesan <> pisko
diocese <> pisko
dioctahedral <> diokt
dioctyl <> Diokt
diode <> akım
diode <> diyot
diode <> krist
diodes <> diyot
dioecious <> üreme
dioecious <> dioik
dioecious <> ikiev
diogenes <> Diyoj
diogenite <> Diyoj
diols <> Dioll
dionysia <> şarap
dionysia <> Diony
dionysiac <> şarap
dionysiac <> Diony
dionysiac <> sefah
diophantine <> Dioph
diopside <> diyop
diopsides <> diyop
diopsidic <> diops
dioptase <> Diyop
diopter <> ışığı
diopter <> diyop
diopters <> diyop
dioptre <> ışığı
dioptre <> diyop
dioptres <> diopt
dioptric <> ışık
dioptrics <> ışık
dioptrics <> diyop
dioptry <> diopt
diorama <> ışık
diorama <> diyor
diorite <> diyor
diorites <> diyor
dioritic <> diyor
dioscorea <> Diosc
dioscuri <> Casto
dioscuri <> Zeus'
diospyros <> Diosp
dioxan <> dioks
dioxane <> dioks
dioxide <> dioks
dioxide <> iki 
dioxides <> dioks
dioxin <> dioks
dioxins <> Dioks
dioxygenase <> dioks
dip <> çökme
dip <> çukur
dip <> alçal
dip <> bandı
dip <> banma
dip <> batır
dip <> batma
dip <> bayra
dip <> dalış
dip <> daldı
dip <> dalma
dip <> diplo
dip <> eğilm
dip <> eğim
dip <> el 
dip <> elini
dip <> farla
dip <> göz 
dip <> iniş
dip <> sos
dip <> topra
dip <> yanke
dip <> yokuş
dipeptide <> dipep
dipeptidyl <> dipep
diphallus <> Dipha
diphase <> çift
diphase <> difaz
diphasic <> difaz
diphasic <> iki 
diphenhydramine <> difen
diphenol <> difen
diphenolase <> difen
diphenoxylate <> difen
diphenyl <> difen
diphenylamine <> difen
diphenylmethane <> difen
diphosphate <> difos
diphosphoglycerate <> difos
diphosphonate <> difos
diphtheria <> difte
diphtheria <> kuşpa
diphtherial <> difte
diphtheric <> difte
diphtheritic <> difte
diphthong <> difto
diphthong <> ikili
diphthong <> ses 
diphthongal <> difto
diphthongal <> iki 
diphthongs <> Bunun
diplegia <> diple
diplegia <> iki 
diplegic <> diple
diplex <> Diple
diplococci <> diplo
diplococcus <> diplo
diplodocus <> Diplo
diploic <> diplo
diploid <> diplo
diploidy <> diplo
diploma <> diplo
diplomacies <> diplo
diplomacy <> diplo
diplomacy <> ilişk
diplomacy <> siyas
diplomaed <> diplo
diplomaed <> mezun
diplomas <> diplo
diplomat <> diplo
diplomat <> insan
diplomat <> ulusl
diplomate <> diplo
diplomatic <> dış 
diplomatic <> diplo
diplomatic <> ilişk
diplomatic <> oriji
diplomatic <> resmi
diplomatic <> siyas
diplomatical <> diplo
diplomatically <> diplo
diplomatics <> eski
diplomatist <> diplo
diplomatist <> insan
diplomatize <> diplo
diplomats <> Diplo
diplopia <> diplo
diplopoda <> Diplo
dipolar <> iki
dipolar <> iki 
dipole <> dipol
dipole <> ikiz
dipoles <> dipol
dipped <> daldı
dipper <> Anaba
dipper <> Araba
dipper <> Büyük
dipper <> boyac
dipper <> dalan
dipper <> kepçe
dipper <> su 
dipper <> vafti
dipper <> yiyec
dipping <> daldı
dipping <> dalma
dippy <> deli
dippy <> manya
dipropionate <> dipro
dipsomania <> alkol
dipsomania <> içki
dipsomaniac <> alkol
dipsomaniac <> ayyaş
dipstick <> yağ
dipstick <> yağ 
diptera <> çiftk
dipteral <> çiftk
dipterous <> çiftk
dipterous <> iki 
diptheria <> Difte
diptych <> iki
diptych <> iki 
dipyramid <> Dipir
dipyridamole <> dipir
dire <> dehşe
dire <> korku
dire <> müthi
dire <> son 
dire <> uğurs
direct <> açık
direct <> adres
direct <> anlaş
direct <> atfet
direct <> dürüs
direct <> direk
direct <> doğru
direct <> dolay
direct <> emret
direct <> güneş
direct <> idare
direct <> kesti
direct <> komut
direct <> yönel
direct <> yönet
direct <> yönle
direct <> yol 
directed <> Yönet
directedness <> yönet
directer <> daha
directing <> yönet
direction <> açıkl
direction <> alıcı
direction <> direk
direction <> emir
direction <> istik
direction <> kuman
direction <> talim
direction <> yön
direction <> yönet
directional <> sinyâ
directional <> yön
directional <> yön 
directional <> yönel
directional <> yönlü
directionality <> Yön
directionally <> yönde
directionals <> Yönle
directions <> tarif
directive <> direk
directive <> talim
directive <> yöner
directive <> yol 
directives <> direk
directivity <> yönle
directly <> açıkç
directly <> anlaş
directly <> direk
directly <> doğru
directly <> dosdo
directly <> hemen
directly <> yapar
directness <> açıkl
directness <> dürüs
directness <> doğru
directness <> telaş
director <> direk
director <> idare
director <> koro
director <> müdür
director <> orkes
director <> yönet
directorate <> direk
directorate <> idare
directorate <> müdür
directorate <> yönet
directorates <> müdür
directorial <> yönet
directories <> dizin
directors <> Yönet
directorship <> direk
directorship <> müdür
directorships <> müdür
directory <> Frans
directory <> adres
directory <> dinse
directory <> dizin
directory <> müdür
directory <> rehbe
directory <> telef
directory <> yönet
directress <> kadın
directress <> müdir
directs <> yönle
direful <> acil
direful <> dehşe
direful <> korku
direful <> müthi
direful <> son 
direfully <> dehşe
direly <> dehşe
dirge <> ağıt
dirge <> cenaz
dirge <> mersi
dirham <> dirhe
dirhams <> dirhe
dirhems <> dirhe
dirigible <> idare
dirigible <> zepli
dirigibles <> zepli
diriment <> iptâl
diriment <> tamam
dirk <> İskoç
dirk <> kısa
dirndl <> üstü
dirofilaria <> Dirof
dirt <> çamur
dirt <> çerçö
dirt <> dedik
dirt <> kir
dirt <> müste
dirt <> maden
dirt <> pisli
dirt <> terbi
dirtbag <> Dirtb
dirtied <> kirli
dirtier <> ahlak
dirties <> pisli
dirtiest <> kirli
dirtily <> pis
dirtily <> pis 
dirtiness <> aşağı
dirtiness <> adili
dirtiness <> kirli
dirtiness <> pasak
dirtiness <> pisli
dirts <> pisli
dirty <> açık
dirty <> aşağı
dirty <> ahlak
dirty <> bozuk
dirty <> bulaş
dirty <> edeps
dirty <> fırtı
dirty <> iğren
dirty <> kirle
dirty <> kirli
dirty <> lekel
dirty <> müste
dirty <> muzur
dirty <> pis
dirty <> pisle
dirty <> rezil
dirty <> terbi
dirtying <> kirle
disabilities <> engel
disability <> ehliy
disability <> güçsü
disability <> mahzu
disability <> malul
disability <> sakın
disability <> sakat
disability <> yeter
disability <> zaaf
disable <> alıko
disable <> devre
disable <> ehliy
disable <> hizme
disable <> kulla
disable <> menet
disable <> sakat
disable <> yetki
disabled <> özürl
disabled <> ehliy
disabled <> elver
disabled <> engel
disabled <> hizme
disabled <> kulla
disabled <> mened
disabled <> sakat
disablement <> özür
disablement <> ehliy
disablement <> malul
disablement <> sakat
disablement <> yeter
disablements <> Sakat
disabler <> sakat
disables <> devre
disabling <> devre
disabuse <> görme
disabuse <> gözün
disabuse <> kurta
disabuse <> uyand
disaccharide <> disak
disaccharides <> disak
disaccord <> anlaş
disaccord <> farkl
disaccord <> fikir
disaccord <> uyuşm
disaccord <> uzlaş
disadvantage <> aleyh
disadvantage <> dezav
disadvantage <> zarar
disadvantaged <> dezav
disadvantageous <> aleyh
disadvantageous <> dezav
disadvantageous <> elver
disadvantageous <> sakın
disadvantageous <> zarar
disadvantageousness <> sakın
disadvantages <> Dezav
disaffected <> hoşnu
disaffected <> muhal
disaffected <> soğum
disaffection <> antip
disaffection <> hoşnu
disaffection <> soğum
disaffirm <> aksin
disaffirm <> iptal
disaffirm <> karşı
disaffirm <> redde
disafforest <> ağaçl
disafforest <> orman
disaggregate <> bölüm
disaggregated <> ufala
disaggregation <> ayrış
disagree <> anlaş
disagree <> aynı
disagree <> bozuş
disagree <> dokun
disagree <> karşı
disagree <> katıl
disagree <> uymam
disagree <> uyuşm
disagreeable <> can 
disagreeable <> hoş 
disagreeable <> huysu
disagreeable <> kavga
disagreeable <> nahoş
disagreeable <> tatsı
disagreeable <> uygun
disagreeableness <> can 
disagreeableness <> huysu
disagreeableness <> tatsı
disagreeableness <> uyuşm
disagreed <> itira
disagreeing <> belir
disagreement <> çatış
disagreement <> anlaş
disagreement <> ayrıl
disagreement <> bozuş
disagreement <> ihtil
disagreement <> tartı
disagreement <> uyuşm
disagreements <> anlaş
disagrees <> aynı
disallow <> inkâr
disallow <> iptal
disallow <> izin
disallow <> menet
disallow <> redde
disallow <> sayma
disallowable <> Kanun
disallowance <> engel
disallowance <> geçer
disallowance <> inkâr
disallowance <> izin
disallowance <> red
disallowance <> ret
disallowed <> izin
disallowing <> izin
disallows <> izin
disambiguate <> belir
disambiguating <> anlam
disambiguation <> anlam
disappear <> gözde
disappear <> kaybo
disappear <> ortad
disappear <> unutu
disappear <> yok
disappear <> yok 
disappearance <> gözde
disappearance <> ortad
disappearance <> yok
disappearance <> yok 
disappearances <> Kayıp
disappeared <> kaybo
disappearing <> gözde
disappearing <> unutu
disappearing <> yok
disappearing <> yok 
disappears <> kaybo
disappoint <> ümidi
disappoint <> altüs
disappoint <> boşa
disappoint <> bozma
disappoint <> düş 
disappoint <> hayal
disappoint <> umudu
disappointed <> ümidi
disappointed <> bozuk
disappointed <> hayal
disappointed <> kırgı
disappointedly <> hayal
disappointing <> hayal
disappointing <> umut
disappointingly <> hayal
disappointment <> ümidi
disappointment <> düş 
disappointment <> hüsra
disappointment <> hayal
disappointment <> kırgı
disappointments <> hayal
disappoints <> hayal
disapprobation <> beğen
disapprobation <> kınam
disapprobation <> tasvi
disapprobation <> uygun
disapproval <> ayıpl
disapproval <> beğen
disapproval <> itira
disapproval <> kınam
disapproval <> onayl
disapprovals <> onayl
disapprove <> beğen
disapprove <> kınam
disapprove <> kabul
disapprove <> karşı
disapprove <> onayl
disapprove <> redde
disapprove <> uygun
disapproved <> onayl
disapproves <> onayl
disapproving <> onayl
disapprovingly <> beğen
disapprovingly <> onayl
disapprovingly <> redde
disarm <> şüphe
disarm <> silâh
disarm <> silah
disarm <> yatış
disarm <> zarar
disarmament <> silâh
disarmament <> zarar
disarmed <> silah
disarming <> kendi
disarming <> yatış
disarming <> zarar
disarmingly <> zarar
disarrange <> düzen
disarrange <> karış
disarranged <> karış
disarrangement <> düzen
disarrangement <> dağın
disarrangement <> karış
disarray <> bozma
disarray <> düzen
disarray <> dağın
disarray <> karış
disarray <> karga
disarticulate <> eklem
disarticulate <> parça
disarticulation <> dezar
disas <> makin
disassemble <> parça
disassemble <> sökme
disassembled <> demon
disassembler <> disas
disassembling <> sökül
disassembly <> parça
disassembly <> sökme
disassociate <> kesme
disassociated <> ilişk
disassociation <> Disas
disaster <> afet
disaster <> facia
disaster <> felâk
disaster <> yıkım
disasters <> afetl
disastrous <> feci
disastrous <> felâk
disastrous <> korku
disastrous <> tâlih
disastrously <> feci
disavow <> doğru
disavow <> inkâr
disavow <> onayl
disavow <> redde
disavow <> yalan
disavowal <> inkâr
disavowal <> kabul
disavowal <> onayl
disavowal <> red
disavowal <> redde
disavowal <> ret
disavowal <> tanım
disavowed <> Disav
disavows <> inkâr
disbalance <> denge
disband <> ayırm
disband <> dağıl
disband <> dağıt
disband <> terhi
disbanded <> dağıl
disbanding <> dağıl
disbandment <> dağıl
disbandment <> terhi
disbar <> barod
disbarment <> barod
disbelief <> şüphe
disbelief <> güven
disbelief <> inanm
disbelief <> kuşku
disbelieve <> güven
disbelieve <> iman
disbelieve <> inanç
disbelieve <> inanm
disbelieve <> kuşku
disbelieved <> inkâr
disbeliever <> ateis
disbeliever <> imans
disbeliever <> inanç
disbelievers <> kâfir
disbelieves <> inkâr
disbelieveth <> inkâr
disbelieving <> inanm
disbelievingly <> inana
disbranch <> dalla
disbud <> tomur
disburden <> içini
disburden <> rahat
disburden <> yükün
disburse <> ödeme
disburse <> para
disbursed <> Kulla
disbursement <> ödeme
disbursement <> masra
disbursements <> ödeme
disburses <> dağıt
disbursing <> harca
disc <> daire
disc <> disk
disc <> plâk
discard <> çöp
discard <> ıskar
discard <> artık
discard <> atılm
discard <> atmak
discard <> ayırm
discard <> bir 
discard <> boş 
discard <> kâğıt
discard <> kurtu
discard <> terke
discarded <> atılı
discards <> atar
discectomy <> diske
discern <> anlam
discern <> ayırd
discern <> farkı
discern <> farke
discern <> kavra
discern <> sezme
discerned <> ayırt
discernible <> farke
discernible <> görül
discerning <> anlar
discerning <> anlay
discerning <> zeki
discernment <> anlay
discernment <> farke
discernment <> idrak
discernment <> muhak
discernment <> sezgi
discernment <> seziş
discernment <> sezme
discharge <> ödeme
discharge <> ağart
discharge <> akma
discharge <> akmak
discharge <> ateş
discharge <> ateşl
discharge <> atmak
discharge <> boşal
discharge <> deşar
discharge <> görev
discharge <> hak 
discharge <> işten
discharge <> iltih
discharge <> irin
discharge <> kovul
discharge <> muaf
discharge <> salıv
discharge <> salgı
discharge <> serbe
discharge <> tabur
discharge <> tahli
discharge <> terhi
discharge <> yerin
discharged <> tabur
discharger <> kıvıl
dischargers <> boşal
discharges <> deşar
discharging <> boşal
disciform <> diski
disciple <> çömez
disciple <> öğren
disciple <> önder
disciple <> havar
disciple <> mürit
disciples <> mürit
discipleship <> öğren
discipleship <> havar
discipleship <> mürit
disciplinarian <> disip
disciplinarian <> sert
disciplinary <> disip
disciplinary <> terbi
discipline <> baskı
discipline <> bilim
discipline <> cezal
discipline <> denet
discipline <> disip
discipline <> otori
discipline <> sıkı
discipline <> terbi
discipline <> yetiş
discipline <> yola
disciplined <> disip
discipliner <> disip
disciplines <> disip
disciplining <> disip
discitis <> Diski
disclaim <> ferag
disclaim <> iddia
disclaim <> inkâr
disclaim <> kabul
disclaim <> onayl
disclaim <> tanım
disclaim <> vazge
disclaim <> yalan
disclaimed <> redde
disclaimer <> ferag
disclaimer <> vazge
disclaimer <> yalan
disclaimers <> ferag
disclaiming <> sorum
disclaims <> ferag
disclose <> açığa
disclose <> açmak
disclose <> göste
disclose <> ifşa
disclose <> ortay
disclosed <> ifşa
discloser <> açıkl
discloses <> açıkl
disclosing <> ifşa
disclosure <> açığa
disclosure <> açma
disclosure <> ifşa
disclosure <> ortay
disclosure <> paten
disclosures <> açıkl
disco <> disko
discogenic <> Disko
discographies <> disko
discography <> disko
discoid <> disk
discoidal <> disko
discolor <> bozma
discolor <> lekel
discolor <> rengi
discolor <> soldu
discolor <> solma
discoloration <> leke
discoloration <> rengi
discoloration <> soldu
discoloration <> solma
discolorations <> renkl
discolored <> rengi
discolored <> solmu
discolour <> bozma
discolour <> lekel
discolour <> rengi
discolour <> soldu
discolour <> solma
discolouration <> leke
discolouration <> rengi
discolouration <> soldu
discolouration <> solma
discolourations <> inhib
discoloured <> rengi
discoloured <> solmu
discolours <> Bağim
discomfit <> bozma
discomfit <> bozum
discomfit <> mosmo
discomfit <> sinir
discomfit <> yenme
discomfited <> rahat
discomfiture <> şaşkı
discomfiture <> bozgu
discomfiture <> bozum
discomfiture <> rahat
discomfiture <> yenil
discomfort <> ağrı
discomfort <> bozma
discomfort <> huzur
discomfort <> keyfi
discomfort <> rahat
discomfort <> sıkın
discomfort <> sızı
discomforted <> hoşnu
discomforting <> rahat
discomforts <> rahat
discommode <> rahat
discommode <> taciz
discommode <> zahme
discommon <> genel
discommon <> umumi
discompose <> şaşır
discompose <> bozma
discompose <> düzen
discompose <> karış
discomposedly <> acele
discomposedly <> sinir
discomposedly <> telaş
discomposure <> kaygı
discomposure <> rahat
discomposure <> sinir
discomposure <> telaş
disconcert <> şaşır
disconcert <> karış
disconcert <> sinir
disconcerted <> canı
disconcerted <> karış
disconcerted <> telaş
disconcerting <> kaygı
disconcerting <> sıkıc
disconcerting <> telaş
disconformity <> uyums
disconnect <> çıkar
disconnect <> bağla
disconnect <> birbi
disconnect <> fişin
disconnect <> kesme
disconnected <> bağla
disconnected <> kesik
disconnected <> kopuk
disconnected <> tutar
disconnectedly <> bağla
disconnectedly <> kesik
disconnectedly <> tutar
disconnectedness <> bağla
disconnecting <> kesme
disconnection <> ayrıl
disconnection <> bağla
disconnection <> kesil
disconnection <> kopuk
disconnections <> kopuk
disconnector <> ayırı
disconnectors <> ayırı
disconnects <> keser
disconnexion <> ayrıl
disconnexion <> bağla
disconnexion <> kesil
disconnexion <> kopuk
disconsolate <> acılı
disconsolate <> avuna
disconsolate <> avutu
disconsolate <> tesel
disconsolate <> yüreğ
discontent <> üzücü
discontent <> hoşnu
discontent <> memnu
discontented <> hoşnu
discontented <> memnu
discontentedly <> hoşnu
discontentedly <> memnu
discontentedness <> memnu
discontentment <> üzücü
discontentment <> hoşnu
discontentment <> memnu
discontents <> hoşnu
discontiguous <> ayrık
discontiguous <> bitiş
discontinuance <> ara
discontinuance <> durak
discontinuance <> kesil
discontinuance <> son 
discontinuance <> vazge
discontinuation <> ara
discontinuation <> durak
discontinuation <> kesme
discontinuation <> son 
discontinuation <> vazge
discontinue <> ara 
discontinue <> bırak
discontinue <> devam
discontinue <> durdu
discontinue <> durma
discontinue <> kesme
discontinue <> son 
discontinue <> sona
discontinued <> Durdu
discontinues <> durdu
discontinuing <> durdu
discontinuities <> sürek
discontinuity <> ara
discontinuity <> devam
discontinuity <> kesik
discontinuous <> aralı
discontinuous <> ayrı
discontinuous <> devam
discontinuous <> kesin
discontinuously <> kesik
discopathy <> disko
discord <> ahenk
discord <> akort
discord <> anlaş
discord <> falso
discord <> fikir
discord <> gürül
discord <> ihtil
discord <> uyums
discordance <> ahenk
discordance <> anlaş
discordance <> uyums
discordances <> uyums
discordant <> çeliş
discordant <> ahenk
discordant <> akord
discordant <> karşı
discordant <> uyums
discordantly <> disko
discordia <> Disco
discos <> disko
discotheque <> disko
discotheques <> disko
discount <> önced
discount <> önems
discount <> azalt
discount <> hesap
discount <> indir
discount <> iskon
discount <> kırdı
discount <> kırma
discount <> kısa
discountable <> indir
discounted <> indir
discountenance <> şaşır
discountenance <> bozma
discountenance <> hoşgö
discountenance <> soğuk
discountenance <> yüz 
discounters <> indir
discounting <> indir
discounts <> indir
discourage <> cesar
discourage <> hayal
discourage <> heves
discourage <> vazge
discourage <> yıldı
discouragement <> cesar
discouragement <> engel
discouragement <> heves
discouragement <> vazge
discouragements <> cesar
discourages <> bezgi
discouraging <> cesar
discouraging <> hayal
discouraging <> heves
discourse <> üzeri
discourse <> araşt
discourse <> bahse
discourse <> işlem
discourse <> konuş
discourse <> nutuk
discourse <> söyle
discourse <> tez
discourses <> söyle
discoursive <> söyle
discourteous <> kaba
discourteous <> nezak
discourteous <> saygı
discourtesy <> kabal
discourtesy <> saygı
discover <> anlam
discover <> bulma
discover <> farke
discover <> keşfe
discover <> ortay
discoverability <> keşfe
discoverable <> anlaş
discoverable <> keşfe
discoverable <> ortay
discovered <> keşfe
discoverer <> kâşif
discoverers <> kaşif
discoveries <> keşif
discovering <> keşfe
discovers <> keşfe
discovery <> bulgu
discovery <> buluş
discovery <> keşif
discovery <> ortay
discreate <> Kesik
discredit <> şüphe
discredit <> gözde
discredit <> güven
discredit <> itiba
discredit <> kötül
discredit <> kuşku
discredit <> saygı
discreditable <> küçük
discreditable <> onur
discreditable <> yüz
discreditable <> yüz 
discredited <> şüphe
discredited <> adı 
discredited <> gözde
discredited <> güven
discreet <> ağzı
discreet <> ihtiy
discreet <> ketum
discreet <> sır 
discreet <> sağdu
discreet <> tedbi
discreetly <> ihtiy
discreetness <> ağız
discreetness <> basir
discreetness <> sır 
discrepancies <> tutar
discrepancy <> çeliş
discrepancy <> aykır
discrepancy <> farkl
discrepancy <> tutar
discrepancy <> uyuşm
discrepant <> Tutar
discrete <> ayrı
discrete <> ayrık
discrete <> farkl
discrete <> soyut
discreteness <> belir
discretion <> ağzı
discretion <> aklıs
discretion <> ergin
discretion <> hoşgö
discretion <> ihtiy
discretion <> incel
discretion <> nazik
discretion <> sağdu
discretion <> takdi
discretion <> tedbi
discretion <> temyi
discretionary <> ihtiy
discretionary <> isteğ
discretions <> takdi
discretization <> Ayrık
discriminant <> diskr
discriminants <> Diskr
discriminate <> ayırd
discriminate <> ayırt
discriminate <> ayrı
discriminate <> ayrıc
discriminate <> ayrım
discriminate <> fark
discriminate <> farkl
discriminated <> ayrım
discriminates <> ayrım
discriminating <> ayırı
discriminating <> ayıra
discriminating <> ayrıc
discriminating <> farkı
discriminating <> fark
discriminating <> seçic
discrimination <> ayırm
discrimination <> ayırt
discrimination <> ayrıc
discrimination <> ayrım
discrimination <> fark
discriminations <> ayrım
discriminative <> ayırt
discriminative <> ayrıc
discriminative <> ayrım
discriminative <> fark
discriminator <> ayırt
discriminators <> ayırt
discriminatory <> ayırt
discriminatory <> ayrıc
discriminatory <> ayrım
discriminatory <> fark
discs <> diskl
discursive <> konud
discursive <> tutar
discursive <> yersi
discus <> disk
discuses <> Discu
discuss <> görüş
discuss <> tadın
discuss <> tartı
discussable <> tartı
discussant <> tartı
discussants <> tartı
discussed <> tartı
discusses <> tartı
discussing <> tartı
discussion <> bahis
discussion <> görüş
discussion <> münaz
discussion <> müzak
discussion <> tartı
discussions <> tartı
disdain <> hafif
disdain <> küçüm
disdain <> kibir
disdain <> redde
disdain <> tenez
disdain <> teped
disdainful <> hafif
disdainful <> küçüm
disdainful <> kibir
disdainful <> mağru
disdainful <> tenez
disdainfully <> deyin
disease <> hasta
disease <> illet
disease <> rahat
diseased <> hasta
diseased <> rahat
diseases <> hasta
disection <> disek
disembark <> karay
disembarkation <> karay
disembarked <> karay
disembarking <> karay
disembarrass <> kurta
disembarrass <> rahat
disembarrass <> sıkın
disembarrassment <> sıkın
disembodied <> beden
disembodied <> ruhan
disembodiment <> beden
disembodiment <> terhi
disembody <> ayırm
disembody <> kurta
disembody <> ruhu
disembody <> terhi
disembogue <> akıtm
disembogue <> dökül
disembogue <> deniz
disembowel <> bağır
disembowel <> içini
disemboweling <> Disem
disembowelment <> Disem
disemplane <> uçakt
disenchant <> aklın
disenchant <> büyüd
disenchant <> düş 
disenchant <> gözün
disenchanted <> büyüs
disenchantment <> büyüy
disenchantment <> düş
disenchantment <> düş 
disenchantment <> gözün
disencumber <> ipote
disencumber <> yükte
disendow <> vakıf
disenfranchise <> hakla
disenfranchise <> oy 
disenfranchisement <> hakkı
disenfranchisement <> hakla
disengage <> çözme
disengage <> boşa
disengage <> geri
disengage <> ilişk
disengage <> kurta
disengage <> kurtu
disengage <> salıv
disengaged <> boş
disengaged <> serbe
disengagement <> çözül
disengagement <> bağla
disengagement <> geri
disengagement <> ilişk
disengagement <> serbe
disengages <> ayrıl
disengaging <> çözme
disentail <> şartl
disentail <> miras
disentangle <> çözme
disentangle <> açılm
disentangle <> açmak
disentangle <> dolaş
disentangle <> serbe
disentanglement <> dolaş
disentanglement <> serbe
disentitle <> ünvan
disentitle <> hakla
disentitle <> yetki
disentomb <> mezar
disentomb <> topra
disentombed <> kumun
disentrance <> büyüd
disequilibria <> denge
disequilibrium <> denge
disequilibrium <> denks
disestablish <> kadro
disestablish <> kilis
disestablished <> Yıkıl
disestablishment <> kilis
disesteem <> hor 
disesteem <> saygı
diseuse <> dizöz
disfavor <> beğen
disfavor <> gözde
disfavor <> hoşla
disfavoring <> aleyh
disfavour <> beğen
disfavour <> gözde
disfavour <> hoşla
disfiguration <> çirki
disfiguration <> bozul
disfigure <> çirki
disfigure <> biçim
disfigured <> sakat
disfigurement <> çirki
disfigurement <> şekil
disfigurement <> bozul
disforest <> ağaçl
disforest <> orman
disfranchise <> hakla
disfranchise <> oy 
disfranchisement <> hakla
disfranchisement <> oy 
disfrock <> papaz
disfunction <> zayıf
disfunctional <> işlem
disfunctions <> disfo
disgorge <> boşal
disgorge <> dökül
disgorge <> istek
disgorge <> kusma
disgorge <> zorak
disgrace <> ayıp
disgrace <> gözde
disgrace <> rezal
disgrace <> rezil
disgrace <> utanç
disgrace <> utand
disgrace <> yüz 
disgraced <> rezil
disgraceful <> ayıp
disgraceful <> utanç
disgraceful <> utanı
disgraceful <> utand
disgraces <> yüz
disgracing <> rezil
disgruntle <> üzmek
disgruntle <> canın
disgruntled <> şikây
disgruntled <> hoşnu
disgruntled <> huysu
disgruntled <> kırgı
disguise <> dış 
disguise <> değiş
disguise <> gizle
disguise <> kılık
disguise <> kimli
disguise <> maske
disguise <> sahte
disguise <> sakla
disguise <> tanın
disguised <> gizle
disguised <> gizli
disguised <> maske
disguises <> Maske
disguising <> gizle
disgust <> bıkkı
disgust <> bıktı
disgust <> bezdi
disgust <> iğren
disgust <> nefre
disgust <> tiksi
disgusted <> bıkkı
disgusted <> bezgi
disgusted <> iğren
disgusted <> nefre
disgustedly <> bıkmı
disgustedly <> bezgi
disgusting <> bıktı
disgusting <> berba
disgusting <> iğren
disgusting <> korku
disgusting <> nefre
disgusting <> tiksi
disgustingly <> iğren
disgusts <> iğren
dish <> atlat
dish <> güzel
dish <> işini
dish <> kandı
dish <> mahve
dish <> ortas
dish <> piliç
dish <> servi
dish <> sunma
dish <> tabak
dish <> terci
dish <> yemek
dishabille <> ev
dishabille <> ev 
dishabille <> yarı
disharmonic <> Disha
disharmonies <> uyums
disharmonious <> ahenk
disharmonious <> uyums
disharmoniously <> uyums
disharmonize <> ahenk
disharmony <> ahenk
disharmony <> bağda
disharmony <> düzen
disharmony <> uyums
dishcloth <> bulaş
dishcloths <> bulaş
dishearten <> cesar
dishearten <> heves
disheartening <> ümit
disheartening <> cesar
dished <> bombe
dished <> bozuk
dished <> işi 
dished <> konka
dished <> tabak
dishes <> bulaş
dishes <> kap 
dishes <> kapla
dishes <> yemek
disheveled <> darma
disheveled <> karma
dishevelled <> darma
dishevelled <> karma
dishevelment <> periş
dishing <> insan
dishonest <> şeref
dishonest <> aldat
dishonest <> dürüs
dishonest <> hilel
dishonest <> karak
dishonest <> namus
dishonest <> sahte
dishonestly <> namus
dishonesty <> şeref
dishonesty <> namus
dishonesty <> sahte
dishonor <> şeref
dishonor <> ayıp
dishonor <> kepaz
dishonor <> leke
dishonor <> lekel
dishonor <> namus
dishonor <> onurs
dishonor <> rezil
dishonor <> sözün
dishonor <> yüz 
dishonorable <> şeref
dishonorable <> haysi
dishonorable <> namus
dishonorable <> onur
dishonorable <> onurs
dishonorable <> rezil
dishonorableness <> şeref
dishonorableness <> kepaz
dishonorableness <> namus
dishonored <> ödenm
dishonored <> şeref
dishonored <> kabul
dishonour <> şeref
dishonour <> ayıp
dishonour <> kepaz
dishonour <> leke
dishonour <> lekel
dishonour <> namus
dishonour <> onurs
dishonour <> rezil
dishonour <> sözün
dishonour <> yüz 
dishonourable <> şeref
dishonourable <> haysi
dishonourable <> namus
dishonourable <> onur
dishonourable <> onurs
dishonourable <> rezil
dishonourableness <> şeref
dishonourableness <> kepaz
dishonourableness <> namus
dishonourably <> haysi
dishonourably <> namus
dishonoured <> ödenm
dishonoured <> şeref
dishonoured <> kabul
dishwasher <> bulaş
dishwashers <> bulaş
dishwashing <> bulaş
dishwater <> bulaş
disilicate <> disil
disillusion <> düş 
disillusion <> gözün
disillusion <> hayal
disillusioned <> hayal
disillusionment <> gözün
disillusionment <> gerçe
disillusionment <> hayal
disillusionments <> hayal
disillusions <> düş
disincentive <> önley
disincentive <> caydı
disincentive <> engel
disincentive <> mani
disincentive <> vazge
disinclination <> gönül
disinclination <> istek
disinclination <> niyet
disincline <> isteğ
disincline <> soğut
disinclined <> gönül
disinclined <> istek
disinclined <> meyil
disinfect <> dezen
disinfect <> ilaçl
disinfect <> mikro
disinfectant <> antis
disinfectant <> dezen
disinfectant <> mikro
disinfectants <> dezen
disinfected <> dezen
disinfecting <> dezen
disinfection <> dezen
disinfection <> mikro
disinfections <> dezen
disinfective <> dezen
disinfector <> dezen
disinfector <> mikro
disinfectors <> dezen
disinfects <> dezen
disinfest <> ev
disinfest <> ev 
disinfest <> kemir
disinfestation <> ayıkl
disinflation <> defla
disinflation <> enfla
disinflationary <> enfla
disinformation <> dezen
disinformation <> kaste
disinformation <> yanlı
disingenuous <> iki
disingenuous <> iki 
disingenuous <> samim
disingenuousness <> iki 
disingenuousness <> samim
disinherit <> miras
disinheritance <> miras
disinhibition <> şartl
disinhibitory <> azalt
disintegrate <> atoml
disintegrate <> dağıl
disintegrate <> parça
disintegrate <> param
disintegrated <> parça
disintegrates <> parça
disintegrating <> dağıl
disintegration <> dağıl
disintegration <> parça
disintegration <> ufala
disintegrative <> dezin
disintegrator <> parça
disinter <> eşele
disinter <> kazma
disinter <> mezar
disinter <> topra
disinterested <> önyar
disinterested <> ilgis
disinterested <> karşı
disinterested <> taraf
disinterestedly <> ilgis
disinterestedness <> önyar
disinterestedness <> aldır
disinterestedness <> ilgis
disinterestedness <> karşı
disinterment <> eşele
disinterment <> mezar
disinterment <> topra
disinvited <> redde
disject <> dağıt
disjecta <> Disje
disjoin <> ayırm
disjoint <> dağıt
disjoint <> ek 
disjoint <> eklem
disjoint <> parça
disjoint <> sökme
disjointed <> ayrıl
disjointed <> ipe 
disjointed <> kopuk
disjointed <> tutar
disjoints <> kopuk
disjunction <> ayrıl
disjunction <> parça
disjunctive <> ayırı
disjunctive <> bölen
disk <> disk
disk <> plâk
diskectomy <> diske
diskette <> diske
diskettes <> diske
diskless <> disks
diskography <> disko
disks <> diskl
dislike <> antip
dislike <> beğen
dislike <> hoşla
dislike <> nefre
dislike <> sevme
disliked <> hoşla
dislikes <> hoşla
disliking <> sevme
dislocate <> çıkar
dislocate <> şaşır
dislocate <> bozma
dislocate <> kaydı
dislocate <> oynat
dislocate <> sarsm
dislocate <> yerin
dislocated <> çıkık
dislocating <> yerin
dislocation <> çıkık
dislocation <> şaşır
dislocation <> bozma
dislocation <> kaydı
dislocation <> kayma
dislocation <> yerin
dislocations <> çıkık
dislodge <> çıkar
dislodge <> evi 
dislodge <> kovma
dislodge <> yerin
dislodged <> yerin
dislodgement <> yerin
disloyal <> hain
disloyal <> sadak
disloyal <> vefas
disloyalty <> hainl
disloyalty <> sadak
disloyalty <> vefas
dismal <> kasve
dismal <> keder
dismal <> loş 
dismal <> sıkın
dismally <> berba
dismally <> kasve
dismally <> rezil
dismally <> sıkın
dismals <> kurun
dismantle <> çıkar
dismantle <> boşal
dismantle <> dağıt
dismantle <> disma
dismantle <> parça
dismantle <> sökme
dismantle <> yürür
dismantled <> sökül
dismantlement <> çıkar
dismantlement <> boşal
dismantlement <> dağıt
dismantlement <> parça
dismantlement <> sökme
dismantlers <> Yıkım
dismantling <> sökül
dismast <> direğ
dismay <> bunal
dismay <> dehşe
dismay <> korku
dismay <> umuts
dismayed <> dehşe
dismember <> organ
dismember <> parça
dismembering <> parça
dismemberment <> parça
dismiss <> açığa
dismiss <> affet
dismiss <> azlet
dismiss <> bırak
dismiss <> dağıl
dismiss <> görev
dismiss <> işten
dismiss <> ihraç
dismiss <> kovma
dismiss <> redde
dismiss <> salıv
dismiss <> savma
dismissal <> af
dismissal <> azat
dismissal <> görev
dismissal <> işten
dismissal <> redde
dismissals <> işten
dismissed <> görev
dismisses <> redde
dismissible <> kapat
dismissing <> işten
dismission <> dışla
dismissive <> küçüm
dismount <> bozma
dismount <> indir
dismount <> inmek
dismount <> sökme
dismountable <> sökül
dismounted <> atınd
dismounting <> sökül
dismounts <> bitir
dismutase <> dismu
disneys <> Disne
disobedience <> asili
disobedience <> başka
disobedience <> diren
disobedience <> itaat
disobedience <> serke
disobedient <> asi
disobedient <> itaat
disobedient <> söz 
disobedient <> serke
disobey <> itaat
disobey <> söz 
disobey <> uymam
disobeyed <> isyan
disobeying <> uymam
disoblige <> gücen
disoblige <> hatır
disoblige <> ricas
disobliging <> hatır
disobliging <> kırıc
disobliging <> kaba
disobligingly <> kırıc
disobligingly <> kabac
disobligingly <> ricas
disodium <> disod
disopyramide <> disop
disord <> bozuk
disorder <> bozma
disorder <> bozuk
disorder <> düzen
disorder <> karış
disorder <> karga
disorder <> keşme
disorder <> patır
disorder <> sağlı
disordered <> çatla
disordered <> bozuk
disordered <> düzen
disordered <> kaçık
disordered <> karış
disorderliness <> düzen
disorderliness <> karış
disorderliness <> serke
disorderliness <> terbi
disorderliness <> uygun
disorderly <> açık
disorderly <> ahlak
disorderly <> düzen
disorderly <> gürül
disorderly <> karış
disorderly <> serke
disorderly <> taşkı
disorders <> bozuk
disorganisation <> düzen
disorganisation <> dağın
disorganisation <> karış
disorganise <> dağın
disorganised <> altüs
disorganised <> düzen
disorganised <> dağın
disorganised <> karış
disorganises <> dağıt
disorganization <> düzen
disorganization <> dağın
disorganization <> karış
disorganize <> altüs
disorganize <> düzen
disorganize <> karış
disorganized <> altüs
disorganized <> düzen
disorganized <> dağın
disorganized <> karış
disorient <> şaşır
disorient <> kafas
disorient <> yönün
disorient <> yolun
disorientate <> şaşır
disorientate <> aklın
disorientate <> yönün
disorientation <> kaybo
disoriented <> şaşır
disoriented <> aklı
disoriented <> yönün
disoriented <> yolun
disown <> inkâr
disown <> redde
disown <> sahip
disown <> tanım
disown <> yadsı
dispair <> çares
dispair <> ümidi
dispair <> umudu
dispair <> umuts
disparage <> hor 
disparage <> kötül
disparage <> küçük
disparagement <> aşağı
disparagement <> kötül
disparages <> kötül
disparaging <> aşağı
disparaging <> hor 
disparaging <> kötül
disparaging <> küçüm
disparagingly <> kötül
disparate <> bamba
disparate <> benze
disparate <> farkl
disparate <> tamam
disparately <> benze
disparately <> tamam
disparities <> eşits
disparity <> eşits
disparity <> fark
disparity <> farkl
disparity <> uyums
dispassionate <> hissi
dispassionate <> sakin
dispassionate <> serin
dispassionate <> taraf
dispassionately <> duygu
dispassionately <> serin
dispassionately <> taraf
dispassionateness <> hisle
dispassionateness <> tutku
dispatch <> öldür
dispatch <> acele
dispatch <> gönde
dispatch <> hız
dispatch <> halle
dispatch <> harek
dispatch <> idam
dispatch <> mesaj
dispatch <> sevk
dispatch <> sevke
dispatch <> silip
dispatch <> telgr
dispatch <> yalay
dispatch <> yolla
dispatched <> gönde
dispatcher <> üreti
dispatcher <> harek
dispatcher <> sevk
dispatchers <> sevk
dispatches <> harek
dispatching <> sevki
dispel <> dağıt
dispel <> defet
dispel <> gider
dispence <> bağış
dispence <> dağıt
dispence <> hariç
dispence <> ilaç
dispence <> uygul
dispenced <> reçet
dispencing <> dağıt
dispensable <> elzem
dispensable <> olmas
dispensable <> vazge
dispensaries <> dispa
dispensary <> asker
dispensary <> dispa
dispensation <> bağış
dispensation <> dağıt
dispensation <> hariç
dispensation <> kader
dispensation <> muafi
dispensation <> vazge
dispensation <> yazgı
dispensatories <> Dispa
dispense <> bağış
dispense <> dağıt
dispense <> hariç
dispense <> ilaç
dispense <> uygul
dispensed <> reçet
dispenser <> dağıt
dispenser <> dispa
dispenser <> eczac
dispensers <> dağıt
dispensing <> dağıt
dispeople <> nüfus
dispersal <> dağıl
dispersal <> dağıt
dispersal <> yayıl
dispersant <> seyre
dispersants <> dispe
disperse <> açılm
disperse <> dağıl
disperse <> dağıt
disperse <> gider
disperse <> serpi
disperse <> yayıl
disperse <> yayma
dispersed <> dağın
dispersedly <> dağın
disperser <> dağıt
dispersers <> Dispe
disperses <> dağıl
dispersibility <> dispe
dispersible <> dağıl
dispersing <> dispe
dispersion <> Yahud
dispersion <> dağıl
dispersion <> dağın
dispersion <> dağıt
dispersions <> dispe
dispersive <> dağıt
disphenoid <> Disfe
dispirit <> cesar
dispirit <> keyfi
dispirit <> moral
dispirited <> cesar
dispirited <> keyif
dispirited <> moral
dispirited <> neşes
dispiritedness <> keyfi
dispiritedness <> moral
displace <> çıkar
displace <> yerin
displaceable <> değiş
displaced <> Yerin
displacement <> depla
displacement <> kaydı
displacement <> yerin
displacements <> depla
displaces <> yerin
display <> açığa
display <> büyük
display <> debde
display <> ekran
display <> görün
display <> göste
display <> göz 
display <> gözle
display <> sergi
display <> teşhi
displayable <> Görün
displayed <> görün
displayer <> Displ
displaying <> görün
displaying <> sergi
displaying <> tanıt
displays <> görün
displease <> canın
displease <> darıl
displease <> gücen
displease <> hoşun
displeased <> dargı
displeased <> hoşnu
displeased <> kırgı
displeased <> memnu
displeasing <> can 
displeasing <> gücen
displeasing <> hoşa
displeasing <> nahoş
displeasure <> öfke
displeasure <> gücen
displeasure <> hoşnu
displeasure <> memnu
disport <> eğlen
disposable <> harca
disposable <> kulla
disposable <> tek 
disposal <> berta
disposal <> düzen
disposal <> devir
disposal <> emir
disposal <> kulla
disposal <> ortad
disposal <> satış
disposal <> yok 
disposals <> elden
dispose <> atmay
dispose <> düzen
dispose <> ikna
dispose <> istek
dispose <> kontr
dispose <> kulla
disposed <> berta
disposed <> eğili
disposed <> hazır
disposed <> istek
disposed <> niyet
disposer <> öğütü
disposes <> bulun
disposing <> atılm
disposition <> düzen
disposition <> eğili
disposition <> emir
disposition <> idare
disposition <> istek
disposition <> kulla
disposition <> kural
disposition <> tahsi
disposition <> yapı
disposition <> yarad
disposition <> yeten
dispositional <> ruhsa
dispositions <> hazır
dispositions <> plânl
dispositive <> dispo
dispossess <> kamul
dispossess <> kapma
dispossess <> kirac
dispossess <> mahru
dispossess <> malın
dispossess <> yoksu
dispossessed <> tasar
dispossession <> evden
dispossession <> mal 
dispraise <> ayıpl
dispraise <> kötül
dispraise <> küçül
disproof <> çürüt
disproof <> aksin
disproportion <> orans
disproportional <> orant
disproportionally <> orant
disproportionate <> aşırı
disproportionate <> fazla
disproportionate <> orans
disproportionately <> orans
disproportionately <> orant
disproportionation <> dispr
disprove <> çürüt
disprove <> aksin
disprove <> yalan
disproved <> çürüt
disproves <> çürüt
disproving <> geçer
disputable <> şüphe
disputable <> itira
disputable <> tartı
disputant <> tartı
disputation <> görüş
disputation <> münak
disputation <> münaz
disputation <> tartı
disputations <> tartı
disputatious <> kavga
disputatious <> tartı
dispute <> çekiş
dispute <> şüphe
dispute <> ihtil
dispute <> itira
dispute <> karşı
dispute <> kavga
dispute <> münak
dispute <> redde
dispute <> tartı
disputed <> iddia
disputed <> tartı
disputes <> anlaş
disputing <> tartı
disqualification <> diska
disqualification <> oyun
disqualification <> yetki
disqualifications <> diska
disqualified <> dikal
disqualified <> yeter
disqualified <> yetki
disqualifies <> diska
disqualify <> diska
disqualify <> menet
disqualify <> yeter
disqualify <> yetki
disqualifying <> Diska
disquiet <> endiş
disquiet <> huzur
disquiet <> kaygı
disquiet <> merak
disquiet <> rahat
disquieten <> huzur
disquieting <> endiş
disquieting <> huzur
disquiets <> tedir
disquietude <> endiş
disquietude <> huzur
disquietude <> kaygı
disquietude <> merak
disquisition <> araşt
disquisition <> bilim
disquisition <> soruş
disquisition <> tez
disrate <> daha
disrate <> rütbe
disregard <> önems
disregard <> aldır
disregard <> hiçe
disregard <> ihmal
disregard <> saygı
disregard <> sayma
disregard <> takma
disregard <> umurs
disregarded <> göz
disregardful <> aldır
disregardful <> saygı
disregardful <> umurs
disregarding <> hiçe
disrelish <> beğen
disrelish <> hoşla
disrelish <> nefre
disrelish <> tiksi
disremember <> hatır
disrepair <> bakım
disrepair <> harap
disrepair <> tamir
disreputable <> adı 
disreputable <> itiba
disreputable <> kötü
disreputable <> onurs
disreputable <> rezil
disrepute <> adı 
disrepute <> itiba
disrepute <> kötü
disrespect <> hürme
disrespect <> kabal
disrespect <> saygı
disrespect <> sayma
disrespected <> saygı
disrespectful <> kaba
disrespectful <> nezak
disrespectful <> saygı
disrespectfully <> saygı
disrespectfulness <> Saygı
disrespecting <> saygı
disrespects <> hiçe
disrobe <> elbis
disrobe <> soyma
disrobe <> soyun
disrobes <> soyun
disroot <> kökün
disroot <> yerin
disrupt <> ayırm
disrupt <> bozma
disrupt <> bozul
disrupt <> dağıl
disrupt <> dağıt
disrupt <> karış
disrupt <> parça
disrupt <> yarma
disrupted <> kesin
disrupters <> bölüc
disrupting <> bozan
disruption <> bozul
disruption <> karış
disruption <> kesil
disruption <> parça
disruptions <> aksam
disruptive <> bozuc
disruptive <> parça
disruptive <> yıkıc
disruptor <> Topu
disruptors <> bozuc
disrupts <> bozan
dissatisfaction <> hoşnu
dissatisfaction <> memnu
dissatisfactory <> hoşnu
dissatisfactory <> tatmi
dissatisfied <> hoşnu
dissatisfied <> memnu
dissatisfied <> tatmi
dissatisfy <> küstü
dissatisfy <> memnu
dissatisfy <> tatmi
dissect <> incel
dissect <> kadav
dissect <> kesip
dissect <> parça
dissected <> disek
dissecting <> Anato
dissection <> disek
dissection <> incel
dissection <> parça
dissection <> tahli
dissection <> teşri
dissections <> disek
dissector <> parça
dissector <> teşri
dissects <> masay
dissed <> ekti
disseise <> gaspe
disseise <> malın
disseisin <> gasp
disseisin <> mal 
disseize <> gaspe
disseize <> malın
disseizin <> gasp
disseizin <> mal 
dissemble <> başka
dissemble <> duygu
dissemble <> görme
dissemble <> gizle
dissemble <> iki 
dissembler <> duygu
dissembler <> içten
dissembler <> iki
dissembler <> iki 
disseminate <> saçma
disseminate <> tohum
disseminate <> yayma
disseminated <> disse
disseminates <> yayma
disseminating <> yaygı
dissemination <> geçme
dissemination <> saçma
dissemination <> yayma
disseminations <> saçın
disseminators <> dağıt
dissension <> anlaş
dissension <> bozuş
dissension <> geçim
dissension <> ihtil
dissension <> muhal
dissensions <> çekiş
dissent <> Angli
dissent <> düşün
dissent <> farkl
dissent <> karşı
dissent <> muhal
dissenter <> Angli
dissenter <> karşı
dissenter <> muhal
dissenters <> muhal
dissentient <> ayrıl
dissentient <> karşı
dissentient <> muhal
dissenting <> muhal
dissention <> Disse
dissertation <> bilim
dissertation <> denem
dissertation <> söyle
dissertation <> tez
dissertations <> tezle
disservice <> incit
disservice <> kötül
disservice <> zarar
dissever <> ayırm
dissever <> kopar
dissidence <> fikir
dissidence <> görüş
dissidence <> muhal
dissident <> karşı
dissident <> kilis
dissident <> muhal
dissidents <> muhal
dissimilar <> ayrı
dissimilar <> benze
dissimilar <> farkl
dissimilarities <> ayrıl
dissimilarity <> ayrıl
dissimilarity <> benze
dissimilarity <> farkl
dissimilation <> başka
dissimulate <> başka
dissimulate <> belli
dissimulate <> duygu
dissimulate <> iki 
dissimulate <> tasla
dissimulation <> örtba
dissimulation <> duygu
dissimulation <> gizle
dissimulation <> hasta
dissimulation <> iki
dissimulation <> iki 
dissimulation <> rol 
dissipate <> çarçu
dissipate <> boşa
dissipate <> dağıt
dissipate <> gider
dissipate <> yayma
dissipate <> yok 
dissipated <> çarçu
dissipated <> ayyaş
dissipated <> dağıl
dissipated <> harca
dissipated <> sefah
dissipaters <> kırıc
dissipates <> dağıl
dissipating <> gonde
dissipation <> çapkı
dissipation <> aşırı
dissipation <> dağıt
dissipation <> enerj
dissipation <> gider
dissipation <> israf
dissipation <> sefah
dissipation <> yayma
dissipative <> dağıt
dissipators <> kırıc
dissocial <> disso
dissociate <> ayırm
dissociate <> ayrış
dissociate <> ayrı
dissociate <> birbi
dissociated <> disos
dissociates <> ayrış
dissociating <> rarak
dissociation <> çözün
dissociation <> ayırm
dissociation <> ayrış
dissociation <> ayrıl
dissociation <> kişil
dissociations <> aritm
dissociative <> disso
dissolubility <> çözül
dissolubility <> ayrıl
dissolubility <> erirl
dissolubility <> feshe
dissoluble <> erir
dissoluble <> eriti
dissoluble <> feshe
dissolute <> çapkı
dissolute <> ahlak
dissolute <> hovar
dissolute <> sefah
dissolute <> uçarı
dissoluteness <> çapkı
dissoluteness <> ahlak
dissoluteness <> hovar
dissoluteness <> sefah
dissolution <> çözün
dissolution <> ölüm
dissolution <> bozma
dissolution <> bozul
dissolution <> dağıl
dissolution <> eritm
dissolution <> feshe
dissolution <> fesih
dissolution <> iptal
dissolution <> sarsı
dissolution <> tasfi
dissolution <> yok 
dissolutions <> tasfi
dissolvability <> çözün
dissolvable <> erir
dissolvable <> feshe
dissolve <> çözül
dissolve <> aydın
dissolve <> birbi
dissolve <> bozma
dissolve <> dağıl
dissolve <> dağıt
dissolve <> erime
dissolve <> eritm
dissolve <> feshe
dissolve <> halle
dissolve <> kontr
dissolve <> sona
dissolve <> yok 
dissolved <> çözün
dissolvent <> çözüc
dissolvent <> eriti
dissolvers <> Çözüc
dissolves <> erir
dissolving <> eritm
dissonance <> ahenk
dissonance <> akort
dissonance <> uyums
dissonant <> ahenk
dissonant <> akort
dissonant <> uyums
dissuade <> aklın
dissuade <> caydı
dissuade <> kandı
dissuade <> vazge
dissuasion <> caydı
dissuasion <> ikna
dissuasion <> kandı
dissuasion <> vazge
dissuasive <> caydı
dissuasive <> vazge
dissuasiveness <> caydı
dissyllabic <> iki
dissyllabic <> iki 
dissyllable <> iki
dissyllable <> iki 
dissymmetrical <> asime
dissymmetrical <> bakış
dissymmetrical <> simet
dissymmetry <> asime
dissymmetry <> bakış
dissymmetry <> simet
distaff <> öreke
distaff <> kadın
distal <> dista
distal <> merke
distally <> dista
distance <> açıkl
distance <> ara
distance <> araya
distance <> geçme
distance <> gerid
distance <> mesaf
distance <> soğuk
distance <> uzağa
distance <> uzak
distance <> uzakl
distance <> uzakt
distanced <> ayrı
distanced <> bağım
distanced <> dista
distances <> arka
distances <> geri
distances <> mesaf
distancing <> mesaf
distant <> ırak
distant <> hafif
distant <> mesaf
distant <> soğuk
distant <> uzak
distant <> uzakt
distantly <> soğuk
distaste <> hoşla
distaste <> nefre
distaste <> sevme
distaste <> tiksi
distasteful <> antip
distasteful <> iğren
distasteful <> nahoş
distasteful <> tatsı
distemper <> gergi
distemper <> hasta
distemper <> huysu
distemper <> köpek
distemper <> polit
distemper <> rahat
distemper <> tutka
distend <> şişir
distend <> şişme
distend <> geril
distend <> germe
distended <> şişmi
distensibility <> diste
distensible <> şişir
distensible <> geril
distension <> şişme
distension <> geril
distention <> dista
disthene <> diste
distich <> beyit
distich <> iki
distich <> iki 
distiches <> beyit
distil <> özünü
distil <> ayrış
distil <> biçim
distil <> damıt
distil <> damla
distil <> imbik
distil <> süzül
distil <> safla
distill <> özünü
distill <> ayrış
distill <> biçim
distill <> damıt
distill <> damla
distill <> imbik
distill <> süzül
distill <> safla
distillate <> öz
distillate <> damıt
distillates <> damıt
distillation <> öz
distillation <> ana 
distillation <> damıt
distillation <> imbik
distillation <> safla
distilled <> damıt
distilled <> saf
distiller <> damıt
distiller <> imbik
distilleries <> damıt
distillers <> damıt
distillery <> damıt
distillery <> içki
distillery <> imbik
distilling <> damla
distinct <> açık
distinct <> aşikâ
distinct <> ayrı
distinct <> başka
distinct <> belir
distinct <> farkl
distincted <> ayrım
distinction <> ün
distinction <> üstün
distinction <> şöhre
distinction <> açıkl
distinction <> ayırm
distinction <> ayırt
distinction <> ayrım
distinction <> fark
distinction <> rütbe
distinction <> yükse
distinctions <> ayrım
distinctive <> özel
distinctive <> özgün
distinctive <> ayırı
distinctive <> belir
distinctive <> karak
distinctive <> kendi
distinctively <> Belir
distinctiveness <> açıkl
distinctiveness <> ayırt
distinctly <> açıkç
distinctly <> ayırt
distinctly <> belir
distinctly <> farkl
distinctly <> karar
distinctness <> çeşit
distinctness <> açıkl
distinctness <> fark
distingue <> üstün
distingue <> kibar
distingue <> nazik
distingue <> sivri
distinguish <> anlam
distinguish <> ayırm
distinguish <> ayırt
distinguish <> ayrım
distinguish <> farke
distinguish <> seçme
distinguish <> sivri
distinguishable <> ayırt
distinguishable <> farke
distinguishable <> görül
distinguished <> ünlü
distinguished <> farke
distinguished <> görül
distinguished <> güzid
distinguished <> seçki
distinguished <> sivri
distinguished <> tanın
distinguishes <> ayırt
distinguishing <> ayırt
distinquish <> ayırı
distomum <> Disto
distort <> çarpı
distort <> bükme
distort <> biçim
distort <> bozma
distort <> burkm
distort <> saptı
distort <> yamul
distorted <> biçim
distorted <> bozuk
distorted <> saptı
distorting <> bozan
distortion <> çarpı
distortion <> bükül
distortion <> bozuk
distortion <> disto
distortion <> saptı
distortional <> kayma
distortionary <> bozuc
distortionist <> camba
distortions <> çarpı
distorts <> bozan
distract <> şaşır
distract <> aklın
distract <> avutm
distract <> başka
distract <> delir
distract <> dikka
distract <> rahat
distracted <> çılgı
distracted <> şaşır
distracted <> deli
distracted <> kendi
distractedly <> dalgı
distractibility <> dikka
distracting <> rahat
distraction <> çılgı
distraction <> avunt
distraction <> delil
distraction <> dikka
distraction <> eğlen
distraction <> kurca
distraction <> oyala
distraction <> zihni
distractions <> dikka
distractive <> Distr
distracts <> oyala
distrain <> el 
distrain <> hacze
distrainee <> eşyal
distrainer <> haciz
distrainer <> temin
distrainor <> haciz
distrainor <> temin
distraint <> el 
distraint <> haciz
distraint <> rehin
distrait <> dalgı
distraught <> çıldı
distraught <> deli
distraught <> kendi
distraught <> periş
distress <> üzünt
distress <> üzmek
distress <> ızdır
distress <> acı
distress <> acı 
distress <> dert
distress <> el 
distress <> endiş
distress <> felâk
distress <> haciz
distress <> hacze
distress <> sıkın
distress <> sıkma
distress <> tehli
distressed <> üzünt
distressed <> şanss
distressed <> dertl
distressed <> endiş
distressed <> fakir
distressed <> sıkın
distressed <> tüken
distressed <> yıpra
distresses <> sıkın
distressful <> üzücü
distressful <> ızdır
distressful <> acıkl
distressfully <> üzücü
distressfully <> acıkl
distressing <> üzücü
distressing <> ızdır
distressing <> acıkl
distressingly <> üzücü
distressingly <> acıkl
distributable <> düzen
distributable <> dağıt
distributable <> payla
distributary <> delta
distributary <> nehir
distribute <> dağıt
distribute <> payla
distribute <> sürme
distribute <> saçma
distribute <> verme
distribute <> yayma
distributed <> dağıt
distributee <> alıcı
distributee <> miras
distributer <> dağıt
distributer <> distr
distributers <> dağıt
distributes <> dağıt
distributing <> dağıt
distribution <> bölüş
distribution <> düzen
distribution <> dağıl
distribution <> dağıt
distribution <> serpm
distribution <> yayıl
distribution <> yayma
distributional <> bölüş
distributions <> dağıl
distributive <> üleşt
distributive <> bölüş
distributive <> dağıt
distributor <> dağıt
distributor <> distr
distributors <> distr
distributorship <> distr
distributorships <> distr
district <> bölge
district <> bucak
district <> haval
district <> ilçe
district <> kaza
district <> mahal
district <> semt
districts <> ilçe
distros <> dağıt
distrust <> şüphe
distrust <> güven
distrust <> inanm
distrust <> kuşku
distrusted <> güven
distrustful <> şüphe
distrustful <> güven
distrustful <> kuşku
disturb <> aksat
disturb <> altüs
disturb <> bozma
disturb <> endiş
disturb <> huzur
disturb <> karış
disturb <> rahat
disturbance <> üzünt
disturbance <> bozuk
disturbance <> endiş
disturbance <> karış
disturbance <> karga
disturbance <> rahat
disturbance <> telaş
disturbances <> bozuk
disturbed <> rahat
disturber <> karış
disturber <> rahat
disturbing <> huzur
disturbing <> karış
disturbing <> rahat
disturbingly <> rahat
disturbs <> rahat
disubstituted <> disüb
disulfate <> disül
disulfide <> disül
disulfides <> disül
disulphide <> disül
disunion <> anlaş
disunion <> ayrıl
disunion <> ihtil
disunite <> ara 
disunite <> arala
disunite <> ayırm
disunite <> ayrıl
disunite <> bozuş
disunited <> arala
disunited <> ayrıl
disunited <> bölün
disunity <> anlaş
disunity <> ihtil
disunity <> uyuşm
disuse <> bırak
disuse <> kulla
disuse <> terke
disused <> eski
disused <> kör
disused <> kulla
disused <> terke
disyllabic <> iki
disyllabic <> iki 
disyllable <> çift
disyllable <> iki 
ditals <> DITAL
ditas <> Ditaş
ditch <> Kuzey
ditch <> Manş
ditch <> ark
ditch <> deniz
ditch <> dersi
ditch <> hende
ditch <> kurtu
ditch <> sepet
ditch <> suyol
ditch <> terke
ditch <> yağmu
ditched <> hende
ditcher <> hende
ditches <> hende
ditching <> deniz
ditching <> hende
dited <> hızla
diterpenes <> diter
dither <> durak
dither <> heyec
dither <> karar
dither <> tered
dither <> titre
dithered <> titre
dithiocarbamate <> ditiy
dithiocarbamates <> ditiy
dithion <> Ditiy
dithyramb <> Diony
dithyramb <> abart
dithyramb <> ditir
dithyramb <> harar
dithyrambic <> abart
dithyrambic <> coşku
dithyrambic <> ditir
dithyrambic <> harar
dition <> konum
ditions <> altya
dittany <> geyik
ditto <> aynı
ditto <> aynen
ditto <> keza
ditto <> kopya
ditto <> nüsha
ditto <> sözü
ditto <> suret
ditto <> yukar
ditty <> küçük
ditty <> kısa
ditz <> Ditz
diuresis <> diüre
diuretic <> diüre
diuretic <> idrar
diuretics <> diüre
diurna <> gündü
diurnal <> gündü
diurnal <> günlü
diurnal <> her 
div <> p
diva <> prima
divagate <> başıb
divagate <> konud
divagation <> başıb
divagation <> konud
divagation <> sapma
divalent <> iki
divalent <> iki 
divan <> şairi
divan <> divan
divan <> mecli
divan <> sedir
divan <> tütün
divans <> sedir
divaricate <> çatal
divaricate <> ayrıl
divaricate <> dalla
dive <> atlam
dive <> azalm
dive <> batak
dive <> düşme
dive <> dalış
dive <> dalma
dive <> elini
dive <> gömül
dive <> pike
dive <> yayla
divebomb <> pike
dived <> daldı
diver <> balık
diver <> dalış
diver <> dalgı
diver <> pengu
diverge <> açılm
diverge <> ayrıl
diverge <> birbi
diverge <> farkl
diverge <> sapma
diverge <> uyuşm
diverged <> ayrıl
divergence <> ıraks
divergence <> açılm
divergence <> ayrıl
divergence <> fikir
divergence <> uyuşm
divergence <> uzakl
divergences <> sapma
divergency <> ıraks
divergency <> açılm
divergency <> ayrıl
divergency <> fikir
divergency <> uyuşm
divergency <> uzakl
divergent <> ıraks
divergent <> ayrı
divergent <> farkl
diverges <> ıraks
diverging <> çeşit
divers <> çeşit
divers <> türlü
diverse <> çeşit
diverse <> değiş
diverse <> farkl
diverse <> türlü
diversed <> çeşit
diversed <> değiş
diversed <> farkl
diversed <> türlü
diversely <> çeşit
diversifiable <> çeşit
diversification <> çeşit
diversification <> değiş
diversifications <> farkl
diversified <> çeşit
diversified <> dağıt
diversified <> değiş
diversified <> farkl
diversifies <> çeşit
diversify <> çeşit
diversify <> değiş
diversify <> farkl
diversifying <> çeşit
diversion <> şaşır
diversion <> dikka
diversion <> eğlen
diversion <> ilgis
diversion <> oyala
diversion <> saptı
diversion <> yanıl
diversionary <> oyala
diversionary <> takti
diversionist <> anti
diversionist <> bölüc
diversions <> diver
diversities <> farkl
diversity <> çeşit
diversity <> başka
diversity <> cins
diversity <> değiş
diversity <> farkl
divert <> çevir
divert <> ayırm
divert <> başka
divert <> bir 
divert <> dağıt
divert <> eğlen
divert <> oyala
divert <> yönle
diverted <> saptı
diverter <> saptı
diverters <> saptı
diverticula <> diver
diverticular <> diver
diverticulectomy <> diver
diverticulitis <> diver
diverticulosis <> diver
diverticulum <> diver
divertimento <> eğlen
diverting <> aktar
diverting <> eğlen
diverting <> oyala
diverts <> aktar
dives <> dalış
dives <> zengi
divest <> çıkar
divest <> görev
divest <> mahru
divest <> soyma
divested <> sıyrı
divesting <> elden
divestiture <> elind
divestiture <> yoksu
divestitures <> satıl
divestment <> elind
divestment <> yoksu
divestments <> Tasfi
divesture <> satış
divide <> arala
divide <> ayırm
divide <> ayrıl
divide <> bölüş
divide <> bölün
divide <> bölme
divide <> bozuş
divide <> ikiye
divide <> payla
divide <> sınıf
divide <> taksi
divide <> yağmu
divide <> yaşam
divided <> ayrı
divided <> ayrıl
divided <> bölün
divided <> farkl
dividend <> bölün
dividend <> iflas
dividend <> kâr
dividend <> kâr p
dividends <> temet
divident <> temet
dividents <> temet
divider <> bölen
divider <> hisse
dividers <> perge
divides <> böler
dividing <> ayıra
dividing <> bölen
dividing <> bölme
dividing <> dağıt
dividings <> bölme
divination <> kehan
divination <> sezme
divination <> tahmi
divinations <> önced
divine <> çok 
divine <> gaipt
divine <> harik
divine <> içine
divine <> ilahi
divine <> kehan
divine <> kutsa
divine <> rahip
divine <> sezme
divine <> tahmi
divine <> tanrı
divinely <> ilahi
diviner <> falcı
diviner <> kâhin
diviner <> su 
diviners <> kahin
diving <> dalış
diving <> dalma
diving <> pike
diving <> tramp
divings <> dalis
divinities <> tanrı
divinity <> bir 
divinity <> ilâhi
divinity <> ilah
divinity <> ilahi
divinity <> kutsa
divinity <> tanrı
divinity <> tapın
divinize <> ilâhl
divinize <> tanrı
divinyl <> divin
divinyls <> Divin
divisibility <> bölün
divisible <> bölün
division <> anlaş
division <> ayırm
division <> bölüm
division <> bölün
division <> bölge
division <> bölme
division <> dağıt
division <> ikiye
division <> küme
division <> sikle
division <> uyuşm
divisional <> bölün
divisional <> bölme
divisional <> tümen
divisions <> bölün
divisive <> anlaş
divisive <> ayrıl
divisive <> bölen
divisive <> dağıt
divisor <> bölen
divisor <> tambö
divisors <> bölen
divorce <> ayırm
divorce <> ayrıl
divorce <> boşam
divorce <> boşan
divorced <> ayrıl
divorced <> boşan
divorcee <> boşan
divorcee <> dul
divorcee <> dul 
divorcement <> boşan
divorces <> boşan
divorcing <> boşan
divot <> çim 
divot <> çimen
divot <> golft
divulgation <> açığa
divulgation <> ortay
divulgation <> yayma
divulge <> açığa
divulge <> ifşa
divulge <> ortay
divulge <> yayma
divulgement <> açığa
divulgement <> yayma
divulgence <> açığa
divulgence <> yayma
divulging <> açıkl
divvy <> bölme
divvy <> payla
diwan <> Divan
dixenite <> Dikse
dixie <> Ameri
dixie <> asker
dixie <> iç 
dixie <> karav
dixiecrat <> güney
dixit <> Dixit
dixy <> asker
dixy <> karav
dizen <> süsle
dizygotic <> çift
dizzily <> baş
dizzily <> baş 
dizziness <> baş
dizziness <> baş 
dizziness <> serse
dizzy <> şaşkı
dizzy <> başı
dizzy <> başın
dizzy <> baş 
dizzy <> fırıl
dizzy <> kuş 
dizzy <> serse
dizzying <> baş
djebel <> Cebel
djin <> Djin
djinn <> ecinn
djinns <> Djinn
do <> ayağı
do <> aynen
do <> düzen
do <> dalav
do <> do
do <> dolan
do <> eğlen
do <> etmek
do <> hile
do <> ilgil
do <> keza
do <> meyda
do <> neden
do <> parti
do <> rolün
do <> tamam
do <> temiz
do <> uymak
do <> yapma
do <> yukar
doable <> yapıl
dobbie <> Dobbi
dobbin <> çiftl
dobbins <> Dobbi
dobby <> armür
dobesilate <> dobes
dobie <> Dobie
dobra <> Dobra
dobro <> Dobro
dobson <> Dobso
dobutamine <> dobut
doby <> Doby
doc <> dokto
docent <> okutm
docent <> yardı
docetaxel <> doset
docile <> uslu
docile <> uysal
docile <> yumuş
docility <> uysal
docility <> yumuş
dock <> azalt
dock <> dok
dock <> doka
dock <> eyer
dock <> gemi
dock <> kısa
dock <> kısal
dock <> karab
dock <> kesin
dock <> kesme
dock <> kuyru
dock <> rıhtı
dock <> sanık
dock <> tersa
dock <> uzayd
dock <> yük 
dockage <> dok 
dockage <> doka
dockage <> iskel
dockage <> kesin
dockage <> rıhtı
docked <> demir
docker <> liman
docker <> tersa
docket <> özet
docket <> adres
docket <> bekle
docket <> duruş
docket <> etike
docket <> gümrü
docket <> günde
docket <> iş 
docket <> liste
docking <> uzayd
docking <> yerle
dockland <> dok
dockland <> dok 
docklands <> Dockl
dockmaster <> dok 
dockmaster <> tersa
docks <> dock
dockside <> rıhtı
dockyard <> dok
dockyard <> tersa
dockyards <> tersa
docosahexaenoic <> dokos
doctor <> üzeri
doctor <> değiş
doctor <> dokto
doctor <> gemi
doctor <> hadım
doctor <> hekim
doctor <> ileri
doctor <> onarm
doctor <> sulan
doctor <> tedav
doctor <> yamam
doctor <> yapay
doctoral <> dokto
doctorate <> dokto
doctorates <> dokto
doctoring <> hekim
doctors <> dokto
doctorship <> Hekim
doctrinaire <> doktr
doctrinaire <> kuram
doctrinaire <> teori
doctrinal <> öğret
doctrinal <> dogma
doctrine <> öğret
doctrine <> doktr
doctrine <> ilke
doctrine <> mezhe
doctrine <> prens
doctrines <> doktr
docudrama <> yarı
document <> belge
document <> döküm
document <> delil
document <> dipno
document <> evrak
document <> kanıt
documentable <> belge
documental <> belge
documentalists <> doküm
documentarian <> belge
documentaries <> belge
documentarist <> DOCUM
documentarists <> belge
documentary <> belge
documentation <> belge
documentations <> döküm
documented <> belge
documenting <> belge
documents <> belge
documents <> evrak
dod <> DOD
dodd <> Dodd
dodder <> şeyta
dodder <> bağbo
dodder <> küskü
dodder <> salla
dodder <> sende
dodder <> titre
doddered <> bunam
doddered <> dalla
doddered <> yaşlı
dodderer <> sarsa
doddering <> bunak
doddering <> eli 
doddering <> sarsa
doddering <> titre
doddery <> bunak
doddery <> eli 
doddery <> sarsa
doddery <> titre
dodds <> Dodds
dodecagon <> oniki
dodecahedron <> oniki
dodecahydrate <> dodek
dodecasyllable <> oniki
dodecyl <> dodes
dodge <> atlat
dodge <> dolap
dodge <> fırla
dodge <> hile
dodge <> kaçın
dodge <> kaçam
dodge <> kayta
dodge <> kenar
dodge <> kurna
dodge <> kurtu
dodge <> sıyrı
dodge <> yana
dodgem <> çarpı
dodger <> el 
dodger <> geçiş
dodger <> kayta
dodger <> kurna
dodger <> madra
dodger <> vurgu
dodges <> savuş
dodging <> kaçma
dodgy <> çok
dodgy <> çok 
dodgy <> şüphe
dodgy <> anası
dodgy <> hinoğ
dodgy <> kurna
dodgy <> riskl
dodgy <> sağlı
dodo <> nesli
dodos <> Dodos
doe <> dişi
doe <> yalnı
doer <> eden
doer <> fail
doer <> yapan
doering <> Doeri
doers <> zâlim
does <> yok
doeskin <> dişi
doeskin <> ince
doest <> doğru
doeth <> diled
doff <> çıkar
doff <> atmak
doff <> başın
doffer <> takım
doffing <> takım
dog <> adam
dog <> erkek
dog <> herif
dog <> it
dog <> izlem
dog <> kömür
dog <> köpek
dog <> ocak
dog <> takip
dog <> yakas
dogal <> Dogal
dogcart <> iki
dogcart <> iki 
doge <> eski
dogfight <> dalaş
dogfight <> göğüs
dogfight <> hava
dogfight <> it
dogfight <> it 
dogfight <> meyda
dogfish <> kedib
dogged <> aziml
dogged <> inatç
dogged <> karar
doggedness <> azim
doggedness <> inat
doggedness <> karar
dogger <> çift
doggerel <> yazın
doggie <> küçük
doggie <> kuçu
doggies <> köpek
doggish <> aksi
doggish <> homur
doggish <> huysu
doggish <> köpek
doggone <> Allah
doggone <> hay
doggone <> hay 
doggy <> şık
doggy <> göz 
doggy <> köpeğ
doggy <> köpek
doggy <> kuçu
doghouse <> köpek
doglike <> köpek
dogma <> dini
dogma <> dogma
dogma <> inak
dogma <> inanç
dogma <> kesin
dogman <> Dogma
dogmas <> dogma
dogmatic <> dogma
dogmatic <> inaks
dogmatic <> inanç
dogmatic <> kesin
dogmatic <> kesti
dogmatically <> dogma
dogmatically <> inanç
dogmatically <> kesin
dogmatics <> dini
dogmatics <> dogma
dogmatics <> inanç
dogmatism <> dogma
dogmatist <> dogma
dogmatist <> iman
dogmatist <> inakç
dogmatists <> dogma
dogmatize <> ahkâm
dogmatize <> kesin
dogmatize <> kesti
dogpile <> Dogpi
dogs <> köpek
dogs <> tazı
dogsbody <> köle
dogskin <> köpek
dogtown <> Dogto
dogtrot <> yavaş
dogwatch <> öksüz
dogwatch <> iki 
dogwood <> kızıl
doiley <> barda
doiley <> tabak
doilies <> Dante
doily <> barda
doily <> tabak
doing <> şey
doing <> faali
doing <> iş
doing <> meyda
doing <> zımbı
doings <> şey
doings <> davra
doings <> faali
doings <> iş
doings <> muame
doings <> zımbı
doit <> kuruş
doit <> mangı
doit <> metel
dojos <> dojol
doko <> Doko
doldrums <> hüzün
doldrums <> kasve
doldrums <> okyan
doldrums <> sıkın
dole <> hüzün
dole <> işsiz
dole <> keder
dole <> yardı
dole <> yoksu
doleful <> hüzün
doleful <> kasve
doleful <> keder
doleful <> keyif
dolefulness <> hüzün
dolefulness <> kasve
dolefulness <> keder
dolente <> Dolen
dolerite <> doler
dolerites <> doler
doleritic <> doler
dolerophanite <> Doler
dolf <> Dolf
dolichocephalic <> dolik
dolichocephalic <> uzun
dolina <> Dolin
doline <> Düden
dolines <> dolin
doll <> bebek
doll <> güzel
doll <> hizme
doll <> kukla
doll <> oyunc
doll <> taş 
dollar <> beş 
dollar <> dolar
dollarisation <> dolar
dollarization <> dolar
dollars <> dolar
dolled <> iki
dollhouse <> oyunc
dollhouses <> Oyunc
dollies <> taşıy
dollish <> cicil
dollish <> oyunc
dollmaker <> Dollm
dollop <> azıcı
dollop <> bir 
dollop <> topak
dolls <> bebek
dolly <> bebek
dolly <> cicil
dolly <> iki 
dolly <> kamer
dolly <> kukla
dolly <> oyunc
dolly <> süslü
dolman <> dolam
dolman <> panço
dolman <> peler
dolmas <> dolma
dolmen <> dolme
dolmen <> taş 
dolmens <> dolme
dolomite <> dolom
dolomite <> kalsi
dolomites <> dolom
dolomitic <> dolom
dolomitization <> dolom
dolomitized <> dolom
dolor <> dert
dolor <> elem
dolor <> keder
dolore <> Dolor
dolorous <> üzücü
dolorous <> acıkl
dolorous <> hazin
dolorous <> keder
dolors <> Dolor
dolour <> dert
dolour <> elem
dolour <> keder
dolphin <> palam
dolphin <> yunus
dolphinarium <> yunus
dolphins <> yunus
dolt <> ahmak
dolt <> alık
dolt <> salak
doltish <> ahmak
doltish <> budal
doltish <> salak
doltishly <> ahmak
doltishly <> salak
dolus <> DOLUS
domain <> çevre
domain <> ülke
domain <> alan
domain <> domai
domain <> etki
domain <> ilgi
domain <> mülk
domain <> malik
domain <> memle
domain <> muhit
domains <> etki
domal <> kubbe
dome <> büyük
dome <> dosya
dome <> kapak
dome <> kubbe
dome <> tepe
domed <> kubbe
domes <> kubbe
domestic <> aile
domestic <> ailev
domestic <> ehli
domestic <> ev
domestic <> evcil
domestic <> eve 
domestic <> evine
domestic <> hizme
domestic <> iç
domestic <> yerli
domestical <> Evsel
domestically <> yurt
domesticate <> ev 
domesticate <> evcil
domesticate <> evine
domesticate <> meden
domesticate <> uygar
domesticated <> ehli
domesticated <> ev 
domesticated <> evcil
domesticated <> evine
domestication <> ehlil
domestication <> evcil
domestication <> kültü
domestication <> uygar
domestication <> yuva
domesticities <> iç
domesticities <> iç 
domesticity <> aile
domesticity <> ev 
domesticity <> evcim
domesticity <> evine
domett <> kefen
domeykite <> Domey
domic <> kubbe
domical <> kubbe
domicil <> ödeme
domicil <> ev
domicil <> ikame
domicil <> konut
domicil <> meske
domicil <> poliç
domicil <> yerle
domicile <> ödeme
domicile <> ev
domicile <> ikame
domicile <> konut
domicile <> meske
domicile <> poliç
domicile <> yerle
domiciled <> ikame
domiciles <> konut
domiciliary <> eve
domiciliary <> eve 
domiciliary <> ikame
domiciliate <> ödeme
domiciliate <> tediy
domina <> Domin
dominance <> üstün
dominance <> başat
dominance <> egeme
dominance <> güç
dominance <> hakim
dominance <> nüfuz
dominancy <> domin
dominant <> başat
dominant <> baskı
dominant <> domin
dominant <> egeme
dominant <> etken
dominant <> hükme
dominant <> hakim
dominant <> nüfuz
dominantly <> baskı
dominants <> egeme
dominate <> egeme
dominate <> hükme
dominate <> hakim
dominate <> nüfuz
dominate <> nazır
dominated <> hakim
dominates <> hakim
dominating <> egeme
dominating <> hakim
domination <> egeme
domination <> hükme
domination <> hakim
domination <> nüfuz
domination <> otori
dominator <> Domin
dominators <> yönet
domineer <> ezmek
domineer <> hükme
domineer <> hakim
domineer <> zorba
domineering <> baskı
domineering <> dediğ
domineering <> hükme
domineering <> otori
domineering <> zorba
doming <> damla
domini <> Domin
dominical <> Hazre
dominical <> Pazar
dominick <> Domin
dominie <> öğret
dominie <> papaz
dominie <> rahip
dominion <> İngil
dominion <> Kanad
dominion <> domin
dominion <> hüküm
dominion <> hakim
dominion <> idare
dominion <> sahip
dominions <> sömür
domino <> domin
domino <> maske
dominoes <> domin
dominus <> Domin
domite <> Domit
domperidone <> dompe
domy <> Domy
don <> öğret
don <> İspan
don <> Don 
don <> bey
don <> giydi
don <> giyme
don <> uzman
don <> yok
donat <> Donat
donate <> bağış
donate <> hediy
donate <> verme
donated <> bağış
donates <> bağış
donating <> bağış
donation <> bağış
donation <> hibe
donation <> yardı
donations <> bağış
donatist <> Donat
donatists <> Donat
donative <> bağış
donative <> hediy
donative <> yardı
donators <> bağış
donder <> Dönde
donders <> Donde
done <> aldat
done <> bıkmı
done <> iyi 
done <> kabul
done <> oldu
done <> olmuş
done <> tamam
done <> uygun
done <> yapıl
done <> yorgu
doned <> terke
donee <> bağış
donee <> yardı
donets <> Donet
dong <> çük
dong <> çan 
dong <> ağır
dong <> dong
dong <> kamış
dong <> penis
donga <> Donga
dongles <> dongl
dongola <> Dongo
doni <> Doni
donis <> Donis
donjon <> şato
donjon <> kale
donkey <> acil
donkey <> eşek
donkey <> merke
donkey <> yardı
donkey <> yedek
donkeys <> eşek
donnas <> Donna
donning <> giyil
donnish <> bilgi
donnish <> hoca
donnish <> ukalâ
donnybrook <> Donny
donor <> bağış
donor <> kan 
donor <> veren
donor <> veric
donors <> donör
donut <> çörek
donut <> lokma
donut <> tatlı
donuts <> Lokma
doob <> Doob
doobie <> Doobi
doodad <> şey
doodad <> biblo
doodad <> zımbı
doodah <> biblo
doodle <> dalgı
doodle <> gayda
doodle <> karal
doodler <> Doodl
doodles <> karal
doofer <> Doofe
doofus <> Doofu
doohickey <> şey
doohickey <> biblo
doohickey <> zımbı
dooks <> Dooks
doom <> ölüm
doom <> alın
doom <> doom
doom <> hüküm
doom <> kör 
doom <> kader
doom <> karar
doom <> mahku
doomed <> ölüme
doomed <> eli 
doomed <> kader
doomed <> mecbu
doomsday <> kıyam
doomsdayer <> Dooms
doomster <> kıyam
doop <> Doop
door <> eşik
door <> giriş
door <> kapı
doorbell <> kapı
doorbell <> zil
doored <> Kapıl
doorframes <> kapı
doorjambs <> sövel
doorkeeper <> kapıc
doorknob <> kapı
doorknocker <> kapı
doorlocks <> Kapıl
doorman <> kapıc
doormat <> kapı
doormat <> kendi
doormat <> paspa
doormats <> paspa
doorn <> Doorn
doorplate <> kapı
doorpost <> kapı
doors <> Kapıl
doorsill <> kapıs
doorsills <> eşikl
doorstep <> eşik
doorstep <> kapıl
doorsteps <> Doors
doorstop <> kapı
doorstops <> tampo
doorway <> antre
doorway <> başla
doorway <> giriş
doorway <> kapı
doorways <> kapı
dooryard <> ön 
dooryard <> avlu
dopamine <> dopam
dopaminergic <> dopam
dopants <> katkı
dope <> çözüm
dope <> çiriş
dope <> önced
dope <> üstes
dope <> bilgi
dope <> cila
dope <> dümen
dope <> dinam
dope <> dolap
dope <> dopin
dope <> esrar
dope <> macun
dope <> salak
dope <> serse
dope <> tahmi
dope <> uyarı
dope <> uyuşt
dope <> verni
dope <> yanıl
doped <> katkı
doper <> dopin
dopey <> esrar
dopey <> hap 
dopey <> salak
dopey <> uyuşm
doping <> dopin
doppelganger <> tıpat
doppelganger <> tıpkı
dopping <> katkı
dops <> DOPS
dor <> bokbö
dor <> pisli
dorado <> yunus
dorbeetle <> bokbö
dorbeetle <> pisli
dorcatherium <> Dorca
doree <> Doree
doris <> Doris
dork <> salak
dorking <> Dorki
dorks <> Dorks
dorm <> koğuş
dorm <> yatak
dorm <> yurt
dormancy <> uyku
dormancy <> uyuşu
dormant <> harek
dormant <> keşfe
dormant <> uyku
dormant <> uyuşu
dormant <> uyuya
dormer <> taban
dormition <> Dormi
dormitories <> Yurtl
dormitory <> koğuş
dormitory <> yatak
dormitory <> yurt
dormouse <> fındı
dorms <> yurtt
dormy <> dormi
dormy <> sayıc
dorn <> Dorn
dorr <> Dorr
dors <> Brita
dors <> dors
dorsa <> Dorsa
dorsal <> arkay
dorsal <> sırt
dorsal <> sırta
dorsal <> sırtt
dorsally <> dorsa
dorsiflexion <> dorsi
dorsiflexor <> dorsi
dorsiflexors <> dorsi
dorsum <> Sırt
dorter <> Dörte
dory <> dülge
dory <> küçük
dosage <> azıcı
dosage <> bir 
dosage <> doz
dosage <> doz 
dosage <> dozaj
dosages <> dozla
dosaging <> dozaj
dose <> şarab
dose <> belli
dose <> bir 
dose <> cinse
dose <> doz
dose <> dozun
dose <> kamış
doser <> Doser
dosers <> doz
doses <> dozla
dosimeter <> damla
dosimeter <> rontg
dosimeters <> dozim
dosimetric <> dozim
dosimetry <> dozim
dosing <> dozaj
doss <> pansi
doss <> uyuma
doss <> yatak
dosser <> avare
dosser <> küfe
dosser <> nered
dosser <> serse
dosser <> ucuz
dossier <> dosya
dossier <> evrak
dossiers <> dosya
dot <> benek
dot <> dağıt
dot <> geçir
dot <> nokta
dot <> serpi
dotage <> bunak
dotage <> bunam
dotage <> düşkü
dotage <> ihtiy
dotage <> tutku
dotard <> bunak
dotard <> bunam
dotard <> moruk
dote <> üzeri
dote <> bunam
dote <> delic
dote <> tutku
doth <> yapar
doting <> çok 
doting <> düşkü
doting <> tapan
dots <> nokta
dotted <> benek
dotted <> nokta
dotter <> Dotte
dotterel <> kalin
dotterel <> yağmu
dottle <> pipod
dottrel <> kalin
dottrel <> yağmu
dotty <> aptal
dotty <> benek
dotty <> kaçık
dotty <> nokta
dotty <> sapık
doty <> Doty
douar <> Douar
double <> çift
double <> çifte
double <> bükme
double <> benze
double <> dublö
double <> duble
double <> eğilm
double <> ikişe
double <> iki 
double <> ikili
double <> ikinc
double <> ikiye
double <> katla
double <> koşar
double <> kopya
double <> yumru
doubled <> iki
doubleheader <> çift
doubleheader <> üst
doubleheader <> üst 
doubleness <> çift
doubleness <> çifte
doubleness <> içten
doubleness <> iki
doubleness <> iki 
doubleness <> samim
doubler <> katla
doubles <> çiftl
doublespace <> Doubl
doublespaced <> doubl
doublespeak <> Doubl
doublet <> çifti
doublet <> eş
doublet <> eşil
doublet <> eskid
doubletake <> Doubl
doubletree <> Doubl
doublets <> çifte
doubling <> dolap
doubling <> dubla
doubling <> duble
doubling <> hile
doubling <> ikiye
doubling <> katla
doubling <> sesle
doubloon <> İspan
doublures <> Dublö
doubly <> çifte
doubly <> ikişe
doubly <> iki
doubly <> iki 
doubt <> şüphe
doubt <> emin
doubt <> endiş
doubt <> güven
doubt <> karar
doubt <> kuşku
doubt <> tered
doubted <> şüphe
doubtedly <> Taxla
doubter <> şüphe
doubters <> şüphe
doubtful <> şüphe
doubtful <> karar
doubtful <> kuşku
doubtful <> sonuc
doubtful <> tedir
doubtfully <> şüphe
doubtfully <> kuşku
doubtfully <> tedir
doubtfully <> tered
doubtfulness <> şüphe
doubtfulness <> belir
doubtfulness <> karar
doubtfulness <> tedir
doubting <> şüphe
doubting <> endiş
doubting <> kuşku
doubtless <> şüphe
doubtless <> elbet
doubtless <> kuşku
doubtless <> muhak
doubtlessly <> kuşku
doubts <> şüphe
douce <> kibar
douce <> nazik
doucet <> Douce
douceur <> bahşi
douceur <> rüşve
douche <> şırın
douche <> antis
douche <> duş
douche <> duşla
douche <> ilaçl
douche <> mikro
douchebags <> geriz
dough <> hamur
dough <> mangı
dough <> para
doughboy <> mayal
doughboy <> piyad
doughnut <> çörek
doughnut <> lokma
doughnut <> tatlı
doughnuts <> Lokma
doughs <> hamur
doughtily <> cesar
doughtily <> kuvve
doughtiness <> cesar
doughtiness <> yiğit
doughty <> cesur
doughty <> kahra
doughty <> kuvve
doughty <> yiğit
doughy <> güçsü
doughy <> hamur
doughy <> pelte
doughy <> solgu
doughy <> yufka
douma <> Douma
dour <> aksi
dour <> asık
dour <> inatç
dour <> ters
dourine <> Douri
dourness <> aksil
dourness <> inatç
douse <> üzeri
douse <> ıslat
douse <> söndü
douse <> suya
doused <> ıslat
dove <> ılıml
dove <> barış
dove <> güver
dove <> iyili
dove <> kumru
dove <> sevgi
dovecot <> güver
dovecote <> güver
dovecotes <> Güver
dovelike <> halim
dovelike <> kumru
dovelike <> mülay
dovelike <> yumuş
doven <> Doven
doves <> güver
dovetail <> alışt
dovetail <> benze
dovetail <> birbi
dovetail <> birle
dovetail <> doğra
dovetail <> kurta
dovetail <> uyuşm
dovetailed <> geçme
dovish <> güver
dowager <> göste
dowager <> kocas
dowager <> zengi
dowd <> Dowd
dowdiness <> kılık
dowdiness <> pasak
dowdy <> üstü
dowdy <> elmal
dowdy <> hırpa
dowdy <> kılık
dowdy <> pasak
dowdyish <> kılık
dowdyish <> pasak
dowel <> kavel
dowel <> tahta
dowel <> takoz
dowels <> dübel
dower <> çeyiz
dower <> draho
dower <> kabil
dower <> yeten
dowie <> Dowie
down <> çökmü
down <> çarşı
down <> şansı
down <> şehir
down <> Londr
down <> aşınm
down <> aşağı
down <> altın
down <> ayva
down <> azala
down <> bağla
down <> beri
down <> boyun
down <> bunal
down <> düşen
down <> düşer
down <> depre
down <> devir
down <> güney
down <> garez
down <> gerid
down <> hüzün
down <> hav
down <> indir
down <> kayıp
down <> keyif
down <> kuştü
down <> kumul
down <> midey
down <> moral
down <> neşes
down <> nefre
down <> peşin
down <> progr
down <> sulan
down <> tüy
down <> tepe
down <> yüzük
down <> yıkıl
down <> yenme
down <> yere
downbeat <> ölçüm
downbeat <> kötüm
downbeat <> karam
downbound <> Downb
downcast <> üzgün
downcast <> aşağı
downcast <> hüzün
downcast <> hava
downcast <> haval
downcast <> mahzu
downer <> yatış
downers <> yatış
downfall <> çöküş
downfall <> çökme
downfall <> düşme
downfall <> yıkıl
downfall <> yağış
downfeed <> inişl
downgrade <> alçal
downgrade <> bozma
downgrade <> düşüş
downgrade <> derec
downgrade <> downg
downgrade <> geril
downgrade <> iniş
downgrade <> kalit
downgrade <> yokuş
downgraded <> indir
downgrades <> notun
downhearted <> üzgün
downhearted <> cesar
downhearted <> moral
downhill <> inişl
downhill <> kolay
downhill <> meyil
downhill <> yokuş
downhiller <> iniş
downhole <> kuyu
downiness <> havlı
downiness <> tüylü
downing <> Downi
downland <> yukle
downless <> tüysü
downline <> altın
downlines <> işle
downloadable <> indir
downloaded <> İndir
downloaders <> indir
downloading <> indir
downloads <> yükle
downpipe <> boşal
downpipe <> iniş
downpipes <> borul
downplay <> önems
downplayed <> küçüm
downplaying <> olayl
downplays <> küçüm
downpour <> şidde
downpour <> sağan
downpours <> yağış
downregulated <> downr
downregulates <> downr
downregulation <> baskı
downrigger <> Downr
downright <> açıkç
downright <> açık
downright <> büsbü
downright <> düped
downright <> dürüs
downright <> dobra
downright <> kesin
downright <> tam
downright <> tamam
downrightness <> katiy
downrightness <> kesin
downriver <> ırmağ
downriver <> akınt
downs <> çıkış
downs <> ağaçs
downscaling <> ölçek
downset <> Downs
downside <> Dezav
downsize <> küçül
downsized <> küçül
downsizes <> küçül
downsizing <> küçül
downspouts <> iniş
downstairs <> aşağı
downstairs <> alt
downstairs <> alt 
downstairs <> altta
downstate <> şehir
downstate <> güney
downstate <> taşra
downstream <> ırmağ
downstream <> akınt
downstream <> mansa
downstroke <> alt
downstroke <> alt 
downstroke <> pisto
downswing <> ekono
downswing <> sıkın
downthrown <> düşen
downtime <> Kesin
downtimes <> duruş
downtown <> şehir
downtown <> şehri
downtown <> kenti
downtowner <> Downt
downtrodden <> ayakl
downtrodden <> ezile
downtrodden <> haksı
downturn <> ekono
downturn <> kriz
downturn <> sıkın
downward <> aşağı
downward <> azala
downward <> başaş
downward <> düşen
downward <> geçmi
downward <> geriy
downward <> kötüy
downwards <> aşağı
downy <> anası
downy <> havlı
downy <> kurna
downy <> tüy 
downy <> tüylü
downy <> yumuş
dowries <> çeyiz
dowry <> çeyiz
dowry <> Allah
dowry <> draho
dowry <> yeten
dows <> Kutu
dowse <> çubuk
dowse <> ıslat
dowse <> söndü
dowse <> su
dowse <> su 
dowse <> suya
dowser <> çubuk
doxazosin <> doksa
doxepin <> dokse
doxology <> şükür
doxology <> dokso
doxology <> temci
doxorubicin <> dokso
doxy <> dilen
doxy <> sevgi
doxycycline <> doksi
doyen <> üst 
doyen <> duaye
doyen <> en 
doyen <> eski
doyenne <> duaye
doze <> şeker
doze <> kesti
doze <> pinek
doze <> uyukl
dozed <> uyukl
dozen <> çok 
dozen <> düzin
dozen <> onlar
dozens <> onlar
dozer <> buldo
dozer <> dozer
dozers <> dozer
dozes <> dozu
dozier <> Dozie
dozing <> pinek
dozy <> serse
dozy <> uykul
drab <> arkad
drab <> donuk
drab <> dosts
drab <> fahiş
drab <> haki
drab <> kalta
drab <> monot
drab <> orosp
drab <> pasak
drab <> sıkıc
drab <> tekdü
drabble <> yere
drabble <> yerle
drabs <> azar
dracaena <> Draca
dracena <> Drace
drachm <> dört
drachm <> damla
drachm <> dirhe
drachm <> drahm
drachm <> yudum
drachma <> dört
drachma <> dirhe
drachma <> drahm
drachmae <> drahm
drachmas <> drahm
drack <> Drack
draco <> Ejder
draco <> drako
draco <> ejder
draconian <> drako
draconian <> gadda
draconian <> merha
draconian <> zalim
draconic <> drako
draconic <> gadda
draconic <> merha
draconic <> zalim
draconis <> Draco
dracos <> drako
draff <> mutfa
draff <> posa
draff <> tortu
draft <> çekiş
draft <> çekme
draft <> ödeme
draft <> ağ 
draft <> asker
draft <> bir 
draft <> cerey
draft <> dama
draft <> fıçıd
draft <> foroz
draft <> görev
draft <> hava
draft <> istis
draft <> müsve
draft <> manga
draft <> para
draft <> planl
draft <> rahat
draft <> sıkın
draft <> tasar
draft <> tasla
draft <> yudum
drafted <> hazır
draftee <> asker
drafter <> plânl
drafter <> tasar
drafter <> tekni
drafting <> tasla
drafts <> dama
drafts <> tasla
draftsman <> dama
draftsman <> tasar
draftsman <> tekni
draftsmanship <> tekni
draftsmen <> ressa
drafty <> cerey
drafty <> hava
drag <> çekme
drag <> ağır
drag <> ağırd
drag <> ağ 
drag <> aptal
drag <> atlı
drag <> bir 
drag <> bulaş
drag <> diren
drag <> durgu
drag <> el 
drag <> engel
drag <> etki
drag <> geçme
drag <> geri
drag <> kızak
drag <> kadın
drag <> koku
drag <> söz 
drag <> sürük
drag <> sürüm
drag <> sürün
drag <> sıkıc
drag <> sokma
drag <> tırmı
drag <> tarak
drag <> taram
drag <> trol
drag <> zahme
dragee <> badem
dragee <> draje
dragees <> draje
dragged <> Sürük
dragging <> sürük
draggle <> ıslan
draggle <> ağır
draggle <> kirle
draggle <> sürük
draggle <> yerde
draggled <> kılık
draggled <> kirli
draggled <> pasak
draggletail <> etekl
draggletail <> pasak
draghound <> av
draghound <> av 
draglift <> tele-
dragline <> tarak
dragline <> yedek
draglink <> çekme
draglink <> direk
dragnet <> ağ
dragnet <> polis
dragnet <> sualt
dragoman <> çevir
dragoman <> tercü
dragomans <> Oğlan
dragon <> drago
dragon <> ejder
dragon <> gözle
dragon <> hidde
dragon <> sinir
dragonet <> üzgün
dragonflies <> yusuf
dragonfly <> kızbö
dragonfly <> yusuf
dragonheads <> ejder
dragonnade <> asker
dragons <> ejder
dragoon <> ağır
dragoon <> eziye
dragoon <> işken
dragoon <> zorla
dragoon <> zulme
dragoons <> Drago
dragrope <> çekme
dragrope <> balon
drags <> sürüy
dragster <> kısa
drain <> akıtm
drain <> akmak
drain <> boşal
drain <> boru
drain <> dışa
drain <> drena
drain <> kanal
drain <> kurut
drain <> lağım
drain <> mali
drain <> masra
drain <> pansu
drain <> pis 
drain <> süzül
drain <> süzme
drain <> suyu
drain <> suyun
drain <> tüket
drain <> yaray
drainable <> boşal
drainage <> çekil
drainage <> drena
drainage <> iltih
drainage <> kanal
drainage <> kurut
drainage <> lağım
drainage <> süzül
drainages <> drena
drained <> bitki
drained <> süzül
drained <> tüken
drainer <> bulaş
drainer <> süzge
drainers <> Süzge
draining <> boşal
drainpipe <> borus
drains <> Kanal
draisine <> Drais
drake <> erkek
drake <> suna
drakes <> Drake
dram <> bir 
dram <> dört
dram <> dirhe
dram <> yudum
drama <> dram
drama <> drama
drama <> heyec
drama <> sahne
drama <> tiyat
dramas <> drama
dramatic <> çarpı
dramatic <> drama
dramatic <> etkil
dramatic <> heyec
dramatic <> tiyat
dramatical <> drama
dramatically <> drama
dramatics <> drama
dramatics <> sahne
dramatisation <> drama
dramatisation <> oyunl
dramatisations <> drama
dramatise <> abart
dramatise <> büyüt
dramatise <> drama
dramatise <> oyun
dramatise <> sahne
dramatised <> drama
dramatising <> drama
dramatist <> drama
dramatist <> oyun
dramatists <> yazar
dramatization <> drama
dramatization <> oyunl
dramatizations <> drama
dramatize <> abart
dramatize <> büyüt
dramatize <> drama
dramatize <> oyun
dramatize <> sahne
dramatized <> drama
dramaturge <> drama
dramaturgical <> drama
dramaturgies <> drama
dramaturgist <> oyun
dramaturgy <> dram
dramaturgy <> drama
drams <> DRAM
drank <> içti
drape <> asmak
drape <> dökül
drape <> döküm
drape <> kıvır
drape <> kalın
drape <> katla
drape <> kumaş
drape <> sarkm
draped <> döküm
draper <> kumaş
draper <> manif
draper <> tuhaf
draperies <> Fonla
drapers <> manif
drapery <> döşem
drapery <> kıvrı
drapery <> kumaş
drapery <> perde
drapes <> perde
drastic <> şidde
drastic <> sert
drastic <> yasak
drastic <> zorla
drastically <> şidde
drastically <> büyük
drastically <> sert
drastically <> zorla
drat <> Allah
drat <> lânet
dratted <> lanet
draught <> çekiş
draught <> çekme
draught <> ödeme
draught <> ağ 
draught <> asker
draught <> bir 
draught <> cerey
draught <> dama
draught <> fıçıd
draught <> foroz
draught <> görev
draught <> hava
draught <> istis
draught <> müsve
draught <> manga
draught <> para
draught <> planl
draught <> rahat
draught <> sıkın
draught <> tasar
draught <> tasla
draught <> yudum
draughtboard <> dama
draughtman <> dama
draughtman <> tasar
draughtman <> tekni
draughts <> dama
draughts <> tasla
draughtsman <> dama
draughtsman <> tasar
draughtsman <> tekni
draughtsmanship <> tasar
draughtsmanship <> tekni
draughtsmen <> tekni
draughty <> cerey
dravida <> Dravi
draw <> çekiş
draw <> çekil
draw <> çekim
draw <> çekme
draw <> çizme
draw <> ağızd
draw <> almak
draw <> berab
draw <> cazib
draw <> düzen
draw <> demle
draw <> devam
draw <> fıçıd
draw <> germe
draw <> ikna
draw <> ilgi
draw <> kâğıt
draw <> karal
draw <> kazan
draw <> keşid
draw <> kura
draw <> resme
draw <> silâh
draw <> sorgu
draw <> tasla
draw <> teşvi
draw <> yakla
draw <> yazma
draw <> yem
drawback <> engel
drawback <> ihraç
drawback <> sakın
drawback <> vergi
drawbacks <> sakın
drawbar <> çeki
drawbridge <> açılı
drawbridge <> asma
drawbridge <> iner
drawee <> keşid
drawee <> senet
drawer <> çeken
drawer <> çekme
drawer <> göz
drawer <> işlem
drawer <> keşid
drawers <> çekme
drawers <> don
drawers <> külot
drawing <> çekme
drawing <> çizgi
drawing <> çizim
drawing <> çizme
drawing <> eskiz
drawing <> resim
drawing <> tasla
drawings <> çekil
drawings <> çizim
drawings <> gelir
drawings <> hasıl
drawl <> ağır
drawl <> sözcü
drawn <> çekil
drawn <> berab
drawn <> bitki
drawn <> gergi
drawn <> süzgü
drawn <> tüken
drawn <> yorgu
draws <> berab
drawstring <> torba
dray <> yük
dray <> yük 
drayman <> yük
drayman <> yük 
dread <> çekin
dread <> ödü 
dread <> ürküt
dread <> ürkme
dread <> berba
dread <> dehşe
dread <> iğren
dread <> kötü
dread <> korkm
dread <> korku
dreaded <> korku
dreadful <> berba
dreadful <> heybe
dreadful <> iğren
dreadful <> kötü
dreadful <> korku
dreadful <> tüyle
dreadfully <> korku
dreadfulness <> korku
dreadfuls <> Dread
dreadnaught <> Dread
dreadnought <> dretn
dreadnought <> kalın
dreadnought <> yün 
dreadnought <> zırhl
dream <> amaç
dream <> düş
dream <> hayal
dream <> ideal
dream <> nefis
dream <> rüya
dream <> rüyas
dreamboat <> hayal
dreamboat <> ideal
dreamed <> hayal
dreamer <> hayal
dreamily <> serse
dreaminess <> belir
dreaminess <> hayal
dreaming <> belli
dreaming <> hayal
dreaming <> rüya
dreaming <> rüyal
dreamland <> hayal
dreamland <> peril
dreamless <> hayal
dreamlike <> rüya
dreams <> rüyal
dreamscapes <> Dream
dreamt <> hayal
dreamworld <> Dream
dreamy <> belli
dreamy <> dalgı
dreamy <> hayal
dreamy <> mükem
dreamy <> olağa
dreamy <> rüya
dreamy <> roman
drear <> ümits
drear <> iç 
drear <> kasve
drear <> keder
dreariness <> belir
dreariness <> hüzün
dreariness <> kasve
dreariness <> keder
dreariness <> melan
dreary <> ümits
dreary <> ahmak
dreary <> budal
dreary <> hüzün
dreary <> iç 
dreary <> kasve
dreary <> keder
dreary <> sıkın
dredge <> üzeri
dredge <> ağlı
dredge <> dibin
dredge <> serpi
dredge <> tarak
dredge <> taram
dredged <> Taran
dredger <> ağlı
dredger <> delik
dredger <> tarak
dredger <> taram
dredging <> tarak
drees <> elbis
dreg <> artık
dreg <> dökün
dreg <> posa
dreg <> süprü
dregs <> çöp
dregs <> artık
dregs <> posa
dregs <> süprü
dregs <> tortu
dreissena <> Dreis
drench <> ıslat
drench <> ilaç
drench <> sırıl
drench <> sağan
drench <> zorla
drenched <> sırıl
drencher <> yağmu
drencher <> zorla
dress <> üst 
dress <> şekil
dress <> elbis
dress <> gece
dress <> giydi
dress <> giyim
dress <> giyin
dress <> giyme
dress <> giysi
dress <> hizal
dress <> kılık
dress <> kıyaf
dress <> pansu
dress <> resmi
dress <> süsle
dressage <> atın
dressage <> at 
dressage <> hayva
dressage <> terbi
dressed <> giyin
dresser <> şifon
dresser <> ameli
dresser <> büfe
dresser <> dekor
dresser <> giyim
dresser <> konso
dresser <> kostü
dresser <> tuval
dressers <> gelin
dresses <> elbis
dressing <> apre
dressing <> dolma
dressing <> gübre
dressing <> giydi
dressing <> giyme
dressing <> pansu
dressing <> perva
dressing <> salat
dressing <> sargı
dressing <> sos
dressing <> terbi
dressing <> yapın
dressings <> örtül
dressmaker <> kadın
dressmaker <> terzi
dressmaking <> kadın
dressmaking <> terzi
dressy <> şık
dressy <> göste
dressy <> zarif
drew <> çekti
drey <> Drey
dribble <> azar
dribble <> damla
dribble <> deliğ
dribble <> salya
dribble <> top 
dribbles <> damla
dribblet <> az 
dribblet <> damla
dribblet <> nebze
dribblet <> parça
dribbling <> top
dribbling <> top 
driblet <> az 
driblet <> damla
driblet <> nebze
driblet <> parça
dribs <> azar
dried <> kuru
dried <> kurum
dried <> kurut
drier <> boya
drier <> daha
drier <> kurut
driers <> kurut
dries <> kurur
driest <> en
driest <> en 
drift <> akınt
drift <> amaç
drift <> anlam
drift <> belir
drift <> düşün
drift <> eğili
drift <> erek
drift <> etki
drift <> göç
drift <> gayes
drift <> gidiş
drift <> hayat
drift <> kendi
drift <> sürük
drift <> sapma
drift <> topla
drift <> yığıl
drift <> yığma
driftage <> sürük
driftage <> suda
drifted <> sürük
drifter <> avare
drifter <> serse
drifter <> trol
drifters <> Drift
drifting <> sürük
driftless <> Drift
drifts <> sürük
driftwood <> dalga
drill <> çalış
drill <> Batı
drill <> delgi
drill <> delik
drill <> delme
drill <> diril
drill <> kaba
drill <> kuyu
drill <> makin
drill <> matka
drill <> sonda
drill <> talim
drill <> tarh
drill <> tohum
drillability <> delin
drillbit <> Drill
drilled <> delin
driller <> delic
drillers <> sondö
drilling <> delme
drilling <> sonda
drilling <> talim
drillings <> sonda
drillmaster <> eğiti
drillmaster <> sert
drills <> matka
drily <> kurak
drily <> kuruc
drily <> susuz
drink <> şeref
drink <> bitir
drink <> deniz
drink <> içece
drink <> içki
drink <> içkiy
drink <> içmek
drink <> meşru
drink <> okyan
drinkability <> içile
drinkable <> içile
drinker <> ayyaş
drinker <> içen
drinker <> içkic
drinkers <> içenl
drinking <> içki
drinking <> içme
drinking <> içmek
drinking <> kafay
drinkings <> içece
drinks <> içece
drip <> akıtm
drip <> damla
drip <> sızdı
drip <> sevim
dripless <> Damla
dripped <> damla
dripper <> damla
drippers <> damla
dripping <> damla
dripping <> sırıl
dripping <> taşan
drippings <> damla
dripproof <> sızdı
dripproof <> su 
drippy <> Dripp
drips <> damla
dripstone <> damla
dripstones <> eşine
drive <> çakma
drive <> çalış
drive <> önüne
drive <> acele
drive <> araba
drive <> düşma
drive <> dürtü
drive <> enerj
drive <> güdü
drive <> gütme
drive <> hamle
drive <> harek
drive <> hayva
drive <> koval
drive <> kulla
drive <> sürüc
drive <> sürek
drive <> sürme
drive <> sapla
drive <> sokma
drive <> top 
drive <> zorla
driveability <> sürül
drived <> itici
drivel <> burnu
drivel <> saçma
drivel <> salya
driveled <> Drive
driveler <> boş 
driveler <> saçma
driveline <> yürüy
drivelines <> aktar
driveling <> saçma
driveller <> boş 
driveller <> saçma
driven <> tahri
drivenness <> harek
driver <> şoför
driver <> araba
driver <> golft
driver <> hayva
driver <> makin
driver <> sürüc
driver <> sert
driverless <> sürüc
drivers <> sürüc
drives <> sürüc
driveway <> özel
driveway <> evle
driving <> şoför
driving <> araba
driving <> canlı
driving <> enerj
driving <> harek
driving <> kulla
driving <> sürüc
driving <> sürme
driving <> sevk
drizzle <> çisel
drizzle <> ahmak
drizzle <> serpi
drizzles <> daima
drizzling <> yoğun
drizzly <> çisel
drizzly <> serpi
drock <> Drock
drogue <> açık
drogue <> manş
droids <> droid
droll <> acayi
droll <> gülün
droll <> garip
droll <> komik
droll <> tuhaf
drollery <> şaka
drollery <> espri
drollery <> garip
drollery <> maska
drollery <> tuhaf
drome <> havaa
drome <> haval
dromedary <> hecin
dromedary <> tek
dromedary <> tek 
drone <> asala
drone <> başka
drone <> drone
drone <> erkek
drone <> hayla
drone <> monot
drone <> pes 
drone <> tembe
drone <> uzakt
drone <> vızıl
droned <> Drone
drones <> uçağı
drool <> ağzı
drool <> saçma
drool <> salya
drools <> Drool
droop <> ümidi
droop <> cesar
droop <> düşme
droop <> eğilm
droop <> eğmek
droop <> hali
droop <> kuvve
droop <> sarkı
droop <> sarkm
droop <> solma
drooping <> bitki
drooping <> eğik
drooping <> gevşe
drooping <> halsi
drooping <> sarkı
drooping <> solgu
droopy <> eğik
droopy <> halsi
droopy <> mahzu
droopy <> sarkı
drop <> çıkar
drop <> öldür
drop <> şeker
drop <> alçal
drop <> atmak
drop <> az 
drop <> azalm
drop <> bırak
drop <> bitme
drop <> düşüş
drop <> düşür
drop <> düşme
drop <> dalma
drop <> damla
drop <> görüş
drop <> ilişk
drop <> iniş
drop <> kesil
drop <> kesme
drop <> perde
drop <> söyle
drop <> tutul
drop <> yavru
dropdown <> açılı
dropdowns <> Açılı
drophead <> üstü
drophead <> açılı
drophead <> kabri
droplet <> damla
droplets <> damla
dropline <> Dropl
dropout <> öğren
dropout <> dropo
dropout <> toplu
dropouts <> terki
dropped <> düştü
dropper <> damla
droppers <> damla
dropping <> düşür
dropping <> damla
droppings <> damla
droppings <> gübre
drops <> damla
dropsical <> ödeml
dropsical <> su 
dropsy <> ödem
dropsy <> su 
dropwise <> damla
drosera <> Drose
drosophila <> Droso
dross <> artık
dross <> cüruf
dross <> süprü
drossel <> Dross
drought <> darlı
drought <> kıtlı
drought <> kurak
droughts <> kurak
droughty <> kıt
droughty <> kurak
droughty <> susuz
drouthy <> Drout
drove <> kalab
drove <> sürü
drove <> sürdü
drove <> yığın
drover <> celep
drover <> davar
drover <> sürüy
drover <> sığır
drovers <> Drove
droves <> sürül
drow <> sürdü
drown <> bastı
drown <> boğma
drown <> dağıt
drown <> suda
drowned <> boğul
drowners <> Drown
drowning <> boğul
drownings <> boğul
drowns <> boğul
drowse <> ayakt
drowse <> pinek
drowse <> uyku
drowse <> uyukl
drowse <> uyutm
drowsily <> uykul
drowsiness <> ayakt
drowsiness <> uykul
drowsiness <> uyuşu
drowsing <> uyukl
drowsy <> ayakt
drowsy <> mıymı
drowsy <> uyku
drowsy <> uykul
drowsy <> uyuşu
drowsy <> uyutu
drub <> dövme
drub <> dayak
drub <> yenil
drubbing <> dayak
drubbing <> sopa
drubbing <> yenil
drudge <> ağır
drudge <> köle
drudgery <> ağır
drudgery <> angar
drudging <> ağır
drudging <> yoruc
drudging <> zahme
drug <> ilaç
drug <> ilaçl
drug <> narko
drug <> uyuşt
drugged <> uyuşt
druggist <> eczac
drugs <> ilaçl
drugster <> hapçı
drugster <> uyuşt
drugstore <> eczan
drugstore <> ilaç
drugstores <> Eczan
druid <> druid
druid <> rahip
druidess <> rahib
druidic <> Druid
druidism <> Druid
druidry <> Druid
druids <> druid
drum <> şarjö
drum <> bidon
drum <> davul
drum <> kulak
drum <> parma
drum <> sütun
drum <> tamta
drum <> tekra
drumbeat <> davul
drumhead <> davul
drumhead <> kulak
drumlin <> Druml
drumline <> Druml
drummed <> tambu
drummer <> davul
drummer <> pazar
drummer <> tramp
drummers <> davul
drums <> davul
drumstick <> baget
drumstick <> but
drumstick <> davul
drumsticks <> baget
drunk <> ayyaş
drunk <> içki
drunk <> kafay
drunk <> kendi
drunk <> mest
drunk <> sarho
drunkard <> ayyaş
drunkard <> içkic
drunkard <> sarho
drunkards <> sarho
drunken <> içkic
drunken <> içkin
drunken <> sarho
drunkenly <> sarho
drunkenness <> ayyaş
drunkenness <> sarho
drunks <> sarho
drunkship <> Drunk
drupe <> sert
drupes <> sert
druse <> billu
druse <> dürzi
dry <> içki
dry <> kart
dry <> kurak
dry <> kuru
dry <> kurul
dry <> kurum
dry <> kurut
dry <> sütü
dry <> sütte
dry <> sıkıc
dry <> sek
dry <> susam
dry <> susat
dry <> susuz
dry <> yavan
dryad <> orman
dryades <> Dryad
dryads <> Dryad
dryas <> Dryas
dryasdust <> sıkıc
dryclean <> Kuru
drycleaning <> kuru
dryer <> kurut
dryers <> kurut
drygoods <> Manif
drying <> kuru
drying <> kurut
drying <> kuruy
dryland <> Kurak
dryly <> kuru
dryness <> hayal
dryness <> kurak
dryness <> kurul
dryness <> monot
dryness <> yavan
dryopithecus <> Dryop
drys <> Drys
drywall <> Alçıp
dso <> DSO
dsos <> DSO
dual <> çift
dual <> iki
dual <> ikili
dualism <> iki 
dualism <> ikici
dualism <> ikili
dualisms <> ikili
dualist <> İkici
dualities <> ikili
duality <> çiftl
duality <> ikili
duals <> probl
duan <> Duan
dub <> ünvan
dub <> ad 
dub <> düzel
dub <> deriy
dub <> dub
dub <> dubla
dub <> isim
dubbin <> deri
dubbin <> vidal
dubbing <> şöval
dubbing <> deri
dubbing <> dubla
dubbing <> sesle
dubbing <> vidal
dubbs <> Dubbs
dubious <> şüphe
dubious <> belir
dubious <> karar
dubiously <> kuşku
dubiousness <> şüphe
dubiousness <> belir
dubiousness <> karar
dubitative <> şüphe
dubitative <> karar
duc <> Duc
ducal <> dük
ducal <> dük 
ducat <> düka
ducat <> gümüş
ducat <> para
duce <> Duce
duchess <> düşes
duchesse <> Duche
duchy <> dükal
duck <> ördek
duck <> acayi
duck <> başın
duck <> brand
duck <> daldı
duck <> dalma
duck <> eğilm
duck <> kayta
duck <> sıvış
duck <> sakat
duck <> sevgi
duck <> sinme
duck <> suda
duckbill <> perde
duckfoot <> Ördek
duckie <> sevgi
ducking <> ıslan
ducking <> suya
duckling <> ördek
duckpond <> Duckp
ducks <> ördek
ducks <> dokta
ducktail <> Duckt
ducktails <> Duckt
duckweed <> su
ducky <> aziz
ducky <> güzel
ducky <> sevgi
ducky <> zarif
duct <> boru
duct <> kanal
duct <> tüp
ductal <> dukta
ducted <> Kanal
ductile <> biçim
ductile <> eğile
ductile <> uysal
ductile <> yumuş
ductilely <> sünüm
ductility <> uysal
ductility <> yumuş
ducting <> kanal
ducts <> olukl
ductus <> duktu
dud <> başar
dud <> dandi
dud <> fiyas
dud <> işe 
dud <> karşı
dud <> patla
dud <> sahte
duddy <> kafal
dude <> şehir
dude <> turis
dude <> züppe
dudgeon <> öfke
dudgeon <> hidde
duds <> elbis
duds <> kişis
due <> bekle
due <> doğru
due <> gerek
due <> hak
due <> neden
due <> tam
due <> uygun
due <> vades
due <> zaman
duel <> çekiş
duel <> düell
dueling <> düell
duelist <> düell
duelists <> Dueli
duelled <> duele
duelling <> düell
duellists <> Duell
duello <> Duell
duels <> düell
duenna <> dadı
duenna <> genç
dues <> ücret
dues <> aidat
dues <> resim
dues <> vergi
duet <> çift
duet <> atışm
duet <> düet
duets <> düetl
duettist <> düet
duetto <> düett
duff <> becer
duff <> duff
duff <> pudin
duff <> sahte
duffel <> kaba
duffel <> kamp
duffel <> spor
duffer <> becer
duffer <> kafas
duffing <> Duffi
duffle <> kaba
duffle <> kamp
duffle <> spor
dug <> kazdı
dug <> meme
dugong <> Dugon
dugongs <> deniz
dugout <> ağaç
dugout <> yeral
dugouts <> sığın
duh <> Yaa
duiker <> Duike
duke <> dük
dukedom <> dükal
dukedom <> düklü
dukeship <> dükal
dukeship <> düklü
dulces <> Dulce
dulcet <> hafif
dulcet <> kulağ
dulcet <> tatlı
dulcify <> tatlı
dulcify <> yumuş
dulcimer <> gayda
dulcimer <> santu
dulcinea <> Dulci
dule <> Dule
dulfer <> Dulfe
dull <> ağır
dull <> donuk
dull <> duygu
dull <> fersi
dull <> kör
dull <> körel
dull <> kütle
dull <> kalın
dull <> mat
dull <> renks
dull <> ruhsu
dull <> sıkıc
dull <> serse
dull <> soluk
dull <> tatsı
dull <> uyuşt
dullard <> manka
dullard <> serse
duller <> mat
dullest <> soluk
dulling <> serse
dulling <> uyuşt
dullish <> ahmak
dullish <> budal
dullish <> donuk
dullness <> ağırl
dullness <> can 
dullness <> donuk
dullness <> körlü
dullness <> serse
duly <> bekle
duly <> gerek
duly <> hakkı
duly <> zaman
duma <> dumas
dumas <> Dumas
dumb <> aptal
dumb <> dilsi
dumb <> sessi
dumbasses <> Dumba
dumbbell <> Dambı
dumbbells <> dambı
dumber <> Dumbe
dumbest <> aptal
dumbfound <> hayre
dumbfound <> serse
dumbfounded <> şaşkı
dumbledore <> Dumbl
dumbness <> dilsi
dumbo <> Dumbo
dumbs <> Dumbs
dumdum <> dumdu
dumdums <> Dumdu
dumfound <> hayre
dumfounded <> şaşkı
dummies <> Aptal
dummy <> aptal
dummy <> hayal
dummy <> kukla
dummy <> manke
dummy <> sahte
dummy <> takli
dummy <> trafi
dummy <> yalan
dummy <> yapma
dumontite <> Dumon
dumortierite <> Dumor
dump <> çöp 
dump <> çöplü
dump <> boşal
dump <> döküm
dump <> dökme
dump <> dampi
dump <> indir
dump <> yığma
dumpbin <> DUMPB
dumped <> dampi
dumper <> dampe
dumpers <> kamyo
dumping <> çöp 
dumping <> dampi
dumping <> ucuzl
dumpling <> kısa
dumpling <> meyve
dumplings <> köfte
dumps <> döker
dumpsites <> katı
dumpster <> çöplü
dumptrucks <> kasal
dumpy <> bodur
dumpy <> kısa
dun <> ödenm
dun <> boz
dun <> boz 
dun <> karan
dun <> sıkış
dun <> zorla
dunam <> dönüm
dunams <> dönüm
dunce <> aptal
dunce <> cahil
dunce <> manka
dunces <> Spong
dundasite <> Dunda
dunderhead <> ahmak
dunderhead <> manka
dunderheaded <> ahmak
dunderheaded <> odun
dune <> kum 
dune <> kumul
dunes <> kumul
dung <> bok
dung <> gübre
dungaree <> pamuk
dungarees <> kaba
dungeon <> burç
dungeon <> kule
dungeon <> zinda
dungeons <> zinda
dungs <> DUNGS
dungy <> gübre
dungy <> pis
dunite <> dünit
dunites <> dünit
dunitic <> Dunit
dunk <> bandı
dunk <> banma
dunk <> daldı
dunker <> Dunke
dunnage <> DUNNA
dunning <> ihtar
dunny <> Dunny
duns <> Duns
duo <> düet
duo <> duo
duo <> iki 
duodecimal <> oniki
duodenal <> duode
duodenal <> oniki
duodenitis <> duode
duodenogastric <> duode
duodenostomy <> duode
duodenum <> oniki
duologue <> diyal
duologue <> iki 
duologue <> karşı
duopolistic <> duopo
duopoly <> düopo
duos <> Duos
duotone <> Çift
dupatta <> Dupat
dupe <> aldat
dupe <> enayi
dupe <> gırgı
dupe <> işlet
dupe <> kandı
dupe <> kukla
dupe <> saf
duped <> aldat
dupery <> aldat
dupery <> hile
duple <> çift
duple <> ikili
duplex <> duble
duplex <> iki 
duplex <> ikili
duplexed <> Duble
duplexer <> duple
duplexes <> duble
duplexing <> önlü
duplicable <> R.
duplicatable <> çoğal
duplicate <> çift
duplicate <> eş
duplicate <> eşini
duplicate <> iki 
duplicate <> kopya
duplicate <> suret
duplicate <> tekra
duplicate <> teksi
duplicate <> yedek
duplicated <> çoğal
duplicates <> çiftl
duplicating <> çoğal
duplication <> çoğal
duplication <> kopya
duplication <> teksi
duplications <> dupli
duplicative <> müker
duplicator <> teksi
duplicators <> Dupli
duplicitous <> ikiyü
duplicity <> hile
duplicity <> iki
duplicity <> iki 
duppy <> Duppy
durability <> dayan
durability <> devam
durability <> sağla
durable <> dayan
durable <> sürek
durable <> uzun
durables <> dayan
duralumin <> dural
durangite <> Duran
durant <> Duran
duraplasty <> durap
duras <> Duras
duration <> devam
duration <> süreç
duration <> süre
duration <> sürek
duration <> süres
durations <> sürel
durbar <> Durba
dures <> dürle
duress <> şanta
duress <> baskı
duress <> hapis
duress <> tutuk
duress <> zorla
durga <> Durga
durian <> Duria
during <> boyun
during <> esnas
during <> iken
during <> süres
during <> sıras
durometer <> durom
durr <> Durr
durra <> Durra
durum <> makar
dush <> Dush
dusk <> akşam
dusk <> alaca
dusk <> loş
dusky <> esmer
dusky <> karan
dusky <> loş
dusky <> siyah
dust <> çiçek
dust <> kemik
dust <> mangı
dust <> para
dust <> pudra
dust <> serpm
dust <> silkm
dust <> toz
dust <> toz 
dust <> tozun
dustbin <> çöp
dustbin <> çöp 
dustbins <> çöp
dusted <> tozun
duster <> silgi
duster <> toz 
dusters <> Duste
dustier <> tozlu
dustiness <> tozlu
dusting <> dayak
dusting <> toz
dusting <> toz 
dusting <> tozun
dustless <> tozsu
dustman <> çöpçü
dustpan <> faraş
dustproof <> toz
dustproof <> toz 
dusts <> tozla
dustup <> şamat
dustup <> gürül
dustup <> kavga
dustup <> patır
dusty <> belir
dusty <> sıkıc
dusty <> tatsı
dusty <> toz 
dusty <> tozlu
dutch <> Alman
dutch <> Fleme
dutch <> Holan
dutch <> Holla
dutch <> eş
dutch <> karı
dutchman <> Alman
dutchman <> Holla
dutchmen <> Holla
dutiable <> gümrü
duties <> görev
dutiful <> hürme
dutiful <> işine
dutiful <> saygı
dutifully <> aldat
duty <> ödev
duty <> görev
duty <> gümrü
duty <> hizme
duty <> vergi
duty <> yüküm
duvet <> yorga
duvets <> yorga
dwarf <> bücür
dwarf <> büyüm
dwarf <> bodur
dwarf <> cüce
dwarf <> cücel
dwarf <> gölge
dwarfing <> Bodur
dwarfish <> bacak
dwarfish <> bodur
dwarfish <> cüce
dwarfism <> cücel
dwarfs <> cücel
dwarves <> cücel
dwell <> hayat
dwell <> yaşam
dwelled <> durul
dweller <> otura
dweller <> sakin
dwellers <> sakin
dwelling <> ev
dwelling <> hane
dwelling <> ikame
dwelling <> konut
dwelling <> meske
dwellings <> konut
dwells <> yaşıy
dwelt <> Oturd
dwindle <> çekme
dwindle <> azalm
dwindle <> bozul
dwindle <> küçül
dwindled <> azald
dwindling <> azala
dyad <> çift
dyad <> iki
dyad <> iki 
dyadic <> ikili
dyas <> Dryas
dye <> boya
dye <> boyam
dye <> boyan
dye <> saç 
dyeable <> boyan
dyed <> boyal
dyehouse <> boyah
dyehouses <> boyah
dyeing <> boyac
dyeing <> boyam
dyeing <> boyan
dyeings <> boyam
dyer <> boyac
dyers <> boyac
dyes <> boyal
dyestuff <> boyar
dyestuffs <> boyar
dying <> ölüm
dying <> ölen
dying <> ölme
dying <> ölmek
dying <> cansı
dying <> nesli
dyke <> bent
dyke <> lezbi
dyke <> set
dyke <> siper
dykes <> daykl
dynamic <> devin
dynamic <> dinam
dynamic <> enerj
dynamical <> dinam
dynamically <> dinam
dynamics <> canlı
dynamics <> devim
dynamics <> dinam
dynamics <> harek
dynamism <> dinam
dynamism <> gürec
dynamite <> çarpı
dynamite <> dinam
dynamite <> eroin
dynamite <> potan
dynamited <> dinam
dynamiter <> dinam
dynamites <> dinam
dynamiting <> kökte
dynamization <> dinam
dynamized <> dinam
dynamo <> dinam
dynamo <> enerj
dynamometer <> dinam
dynamometers <> dinam
dynamometric <> dinam
dynamometry <> dinam
dynamos <> dinam
dynastic <> haned
dynasties <> haned
dynasts <> haned
dynasty <> haned
dynasty <> sülal
dynatron <> Dynat
dyne <> din
dysanalyte <> Disan
dysarthria <> dizar
dyscrasia <> diskr
dyscrasias <> diskr
dyscrasite <> Diskr
dysembryoplastic <> Disem
dysenteric <> dizan
dysentery <> dizan
dysentery <> kanlı
dysesthesia <> dises
dysesthesias <> dises
dysesthetic <> dises
dysfunction <> fonks
dysfunctional <> disfo
dysfunctions <> işlev
dysgenesis <> disge
dysgenetic <> disge
dysgerminoma <> disge
dyshidrosis <> Dyshi
dyshidrotic <> Dishi
dyskeratoma <> diske
dyskeratosis <> diske
dyskeratotic <> diske
dyskinesia <> diski
dyskinesias <> diski
dyskinetic <> diski
dyslexia <> disle
dysmenorrhea <> disme
dysmenorrhoea <> disme
dysmorphic <> dismo
dysmorphism <> dismo
dysmorphogenesis <> Dismo
dysmorphology <> Dismo
dysmorphophobia <> dismo
dysmotility <> dismo
dysostosis <> dizos
dyspareunia <> dispa
dyspepsia <> hazım
dyspepsia <> sindi
dyspeptic <> öfkel
dyspeptic <> hazım
dyspeptic <> kızgı
dyspeptic <> sindi
dysphagia <> disfa
dysphagic <> disfa
dysphasia <> disfa
dysphonia <> disfo
dysphoria <> rahat
dysphoric <> disfo
dysplasia <> displ
dysplasias <> displ
dysplastic <> displ
dyspnea <> nefes
dyspnea <> solun
dyspnoea <> dispn
dyspnoea <> solun
dyspraxia <> dispr
dysprosium <> dispo
dysraphism <> disra
dysrhythmia <> disri
dysrhythmias <> disri
dyssynergia <> dissi
dysthymia <> disti
dysthymic <> Disti
dystocia <> disto
dystonia <> disto
dystonias <> disto
dystonic <> disto
dystopia <> disto
dystopian <> disto
dystopias <> ütopy
dystroglycan <> distr
dystrophia <> distr
dystrophic <> distr
dystrophies <> distr
dystrophin <> distr
dystrophy <> besle
dystrophy <> distr
dysuria <> dizür
each <> Her
each <> her
each <> her 
each <> tanes
eager <> ateşl
eager <> gayre
eager <> heves
eager <> istek
eager <> sabır
eagerly <> can 
eagerly <> heves
eagerness <> şevk
eagerness <> can 
eagerness <> heves
eagerness <> sabır
eagle <> karta
eagle <> on 
eagles <> karta
eaglet <> karta
eales <> Eales
eame <> EAME
eames <> Eames
ean <> EAN
ear <> başak
ear <> duyma
ear <> kulak
earache <> kulak
eardrops <> kulak
eardrops <> salla
eardrum <> kulak
eared <> kulak
earful <> şaşır
earful <> azar
earing <> küpe
earings <> küpe
earl <> kont
earldom <> kontl
earlier <> öncek
earlier <> daha
earlier <> eski
earlier <> sabık
earlies <> En
earliest <> en
earliest <> en 
earliness <> erken
earlobe <> kulak
earlobes <> kulak
earlock <> saç
earlock <> saç 
earls <> Earls
early <> çabuk
early <> önce
early <> acele
early <> başla
early <> erken
early <> eski
early <> evvel
early <> ilk
early <> ilk 
early <> zaman
earmark <> ayırm
earmark <> damga
earmark <> işare
earmark <> kulağ
earmark <> kulak
earmark <> tahsi
earmarked <> ayırd
earmarking <> tahsi
earmarks <> ayırd
earmuff <> kulak
earmuffs <> etkil
earn <> hak 
earn <> kazan
earn <> para
earned <> Kazan
earner <> kazan
earners <> gelir
earnest <> çalış
earnest <> ağırb
earnest <> avans
earnest <> ciddi
earnest <> delil
earnest <> gerçe
earnest <> heves
earnest <> içten
earnest <> samim
earnest <> tadım
earnest <> temin
earnestness <> ciddi
earnestness <> istek
earnestness <> samim
earning <> kazan
earning <> para
earnings <> ücret
earnings <> gelir
earnings <> kazan
earnings <> maaş
earns <> kazan
earphone <> kulak
earphones <> kulak
earpiece <> gözlü
earpiece <> kulak
earpieces <> kulak
earplugs <> kulak
earring <> küpe
earrings <> küpe
ears <> kulak
earshot <> işitm
earsplitting <> kulak
earth <> Dünya
earth <> in
earth <> kara
earth <> topra
earth <> yer
earth <> yeryü
earthbound <> dünya
earthbound <> maddi
earthbound <> topra
earthed <> topra
earthen <> kil
earthen <> topra
earthenware <> topra
earthenwares <> topra
earthers <> topra
earthiness <> kabal
earthiness <> metan
earthiness <> sağla
earthing <> topra
earthless <> Earth
earthlike <> dünya
earthling <> dünya
earthling <> fani
earthlings <> Earth
earthly <> akla
earthly <> dünye
earthly <> maddi
earthly <> olası
earthman <> Dünya
earthmen <> Dünya
earthmover <> Earth
earthmoving <> hafri
earthquake <> depre
earthquake <> karga
earthquake <> yer 
earthquake <> zelze
earthquakes <> depre
earthrise <> Earth
earths <> topra
earthshaker <> Earth
earthshaking <> fikir
earthshaking <> inanç
earthwork <> hafri
earthworks <> topra
earthworm <> soluc
earthworm <> topra
earthworms <> soluc
earthy <> dünye
earthy <> maddi
earthy <> topra
earwax <> kulak
earwig <> kulağ
earwigs <> Earwi
earwitness <> kulak
earworm <> Earwo
eas <> EAS
ease <> dikka
ease <> dindi
ease <> dinme
ease <> gevşe
ease <> hafif
ease <> huzur
ease <> içi 
ease <> kolay
ease <> konfo
ease <> rahat
ease <> refah
ease <> yatış
eased <> hafif
easel <> şöval
easel <> ressa
easement <> irtif
easements <> irtif
eases <> kolay
easier <> kolay
easies <> kolay
easiest <> kolay
easily <> şüphe
easily <> kolay
easily <> muhte
easily <> rahat
easiness <> denge
easiness <> doğal
easiness <> istik
easiness <> kolay
easiness <> rahat
easinesses <> kolay
easing <> hafif
east <> Doğu
east <> doğu
east <> doğud
east <> doğuy
east <> gündo
eastbound <> doğu
eastbound <> doğuy
easter <> Paska
easter <> yumur
easterlies <> kuzey
easterling <> Easte
easterlings <> Doğul
easterly <> doğud
easterly <> doğuy
eastern <> doğu
eastern <> doğuy
easterner <> Ameri
easterner <> doğul
easterners <> doğul
easternmost <> doğu
eastertide <> paska
easting <> doğuy
eastlake <> Eastl
eastland <> doğud
eastlands <> Eastl
easts <> doğun
eastward <> doğud
eastward <> doğuy
eastwards <> doğud
eastwards <> doğuy
easy <> basit
easy <> derts
easy <> doğal
easy <> huzur
easy <> kolay
easy <> rahat
easy <> serbe
easy <> uysal
easy <> zahme
easy <> zevkl
easygoing <> babac
easygoing <> neşel
easygoing <> tasas
easygoing <> uysal
easygoing <> yumuş
eat <> çok 
eat <> aşınd
eat <> içmek
eat <> kemir
eat <> tüket
eat <> yemek
eatable <> yenil
eatable <> yenir
eatables <> gıda
eatables <> yiyec
eaten <> yenir
eater <> eater
eater <> yiyen
eateries <> atılm
eaters <> yiyic
eating <> yıpra
eating <> yeme
eating <> yemel
eating <> yenil
eats <> yiyor
eave <> saçak
eaved <> Saçak
eaves <> saçak
eaves <> suyol
eavesdrop <> gizli
eavesdrop <> kulak
eavesdropper <> gizli
eavesdropper <> kulak
eavesdroppers <> gizli
eavesdropping <> dinle
ebb <> çekil
ebb <> alçal
ebb <> bozul
ebb <> cezir
ebb <> düşüş
ebb <> düşme
ebb <> deniz
ebb <> kötüy
ebb <> tüken
ebbs <> Ebbs
ebenezer <> Ebene
eblis <> Eblis
ebon <> abano
ebon <> simsi
ebonics <> Eboni
ebonite <> eboni
ebonite <> siyah
ebony <> abano
ebony <> kapka
ebony <> simsi
eboulements <> Éboul
ebriety <> sarho
ebullience <> coşku
ebullience <> galey
ebullience <> kayna
ebullience <> taşkı
ebulliency <> coşku
ebulliency <> galey
ebulliency <> kayna
ebulliency <> taşkı
ebullient <> coşku
ebullient <> fıkır
ebullient <> içi 
ebullient <> kayna
ebullient <> taşkı
ebullition <> coşku
ebullition <> galey
ebullition <> taşkı
ebullition <> taşma
ecad <> ECAD
ecce <> EKKE
eccentric <> acayi
eccentric <> alışı
eccentric <> antik
eccentric <> dış 
eccentric <> eksan
eccentric <> eksen
eccentric <> garip
eccentrically <> eksan
eccentricities <> dışme
eccentricity <> acayi
eccentricity <> antik
eccentricity <> dış 
eccentricity <> eksan
eccentrics <> eksan
ecchymosed <> morlu
ecchymoses <> ekimo
ecchymosis <> ekimo
ecchymotic <> ekimo
eccles <> Eccle
ecclesial <> Kilis
ecclesiastes <> Eski
ecclesiastic <> din
ecclesiastical <> dini
ecclesiastical <> kilis
ecclesiasticism <> kilis
ecclesiastics <> din
ecclesiological <> kilis
ecco <> Ecco
eccrine <> ekrin
ecdemite <> Ekdem
echelle <> Eşel
echelon <> basam
echelon <> dizil
echelon <> kadem
echelon <> paral
echeloned <> kadem
echidna <> Echid
echinacea <> Ekine
eching <> Echin
echinochloa <> Echin
echinococcosis <> ekino
echinococcus <> ekino
echinoderm <> deris
echinodermata <> Echin
echinoderms <> ekino
echinodorus <> Echin
echinoid <> ekini
echinoidea <> Ekino
echinoids <> ekini
echinops <> Echin
echinostoma <> Echin
echinus <> deniz
echo <> ahenk
echo <> akis
echo <> eko
echo <> hatır
echo <> takli
echo <> yankı
echo <> yansı
echocardiogram <> ekoka
echocardiograms <> ekoka
echocardiograph <> ekoka
echocardiographic <> ekoka
echocardiography <> ekoka
echoed <> yankı
echoes <> yankı
echogenic <> ekoje
echogram <> Ekogr
echography <> ekogr
echoing <> yankı
echolalia <> ekola
echos <> yankı
echoviruses <> echov
echuca <> Echuc
eclair <> ekler
eclampsia <> eklam
eclamptic <> preek
eclat <> övgü
eclat <> üstün
eclat <> şan
eclat <> beğen
eclat <> parla
eclectic <> derle
eclectic <> eklek
eclectic <> seçen
eclectic <> seçme
eclecticism <> eklek
eclipse <> ışığı
eclipse <> düşüş
eclipse <> gölge
eclipse <> geçic
eclipse <> tutul
eclipsed <> çakış
eclipses <> tutul
eclipsing <> örten
ecliptic <> eklip
eclogite <> ekloj
eclogites <> ekloj
eclogue <> diyal
eclogue <> eglog
eco <> eko
ecolab <> Ecola
ecoles <> ekoll
ecologic <> ekolo
ecological <> çevre
ecological <> ekolo
ecologically <> ekolo
ecologies <> ekolo
ecologist <> çevre
ecologist <> ekolo
ecologists <> ekolo
ecology <> çevre
ecology <> ekolo
econometric <> ekono
econometrical <> Ekono
econometrically <> ekono
econometrician <> ekono
econometricians <> ekono
econometrics <> ekono
economic <> ekono
economic <> hesap
economic <> iktis
economical <> ekono
economical <> hesap
economical <> idare
economically <> ekono
economics <> ülke
economics <> ekono
economics <> iktis
economies <> ekono
economise <> tasar
economiser <> ekono
economisers <> ekono
economism <> ekono
economist <> ekono
economist <> iktis
economist <> tutum
economists <> ekono
economize <> artır
economize <> ekono
economize <> idare
economize <> kısma
economized <> tasar
economizer <> tutum
economizers <> ekono
economizing <> artır
economy <> örgüt
economy <> ekono
economy <> idare
economy <> iktis
economy <> tasar
ecophysiology <> ekofi
ecosphere <> Ekosf
ecosystem <> ekosi
ecosystems <> ekosi
ecotone <> Ecoto
ecotourism <> ekotu
ecotourists <> eko-t
ecotoxic <> doğad
ecotoxicologists <> ekoto
ecotoxicology <> ekoto
ecotype <> ekoti
ecotype <> en 
ecotypes <> ekoti
ecoute <> Ecout
ecru <> açık
ecru <> ham 
ecstasize <> coştu
ecstasize <> hayra
ecstasize <> kendi
ecstasy <> coşku
ecstasy <> kendi
ecstasy <> vecit
ecstatic <> kendi
ecstatic <> mest
ecstatic <> vecde
ectasia <> ektaz
ectasias <> ektaz
ectatic <> ektat
ectoblast <> dışde
ectoderm <> dışde
ectoderm <> ektod
ectodermal <> ektod
ectomorph <> ektom
ectomorphic <> ektom
ectomorphs <> ektom
ectomorphy <> ektom
ectoparasite <> ektop
ectoparasites <> ektop
ectopia <> ektop
ectopic <> anorm
ectopic <> ektop
ectoplasm <> dışpl
ectoplasm <> ektop
ectoplasm <> medyu
ectoprocta <> Bryzo
ectopy <> ektop
ectotherm <> Ektot
ectropion <> ektro
ectype <> ECtip
ecu <> ECU
ecumenical <> kilis
ecumenicism <> eküme
ecumenism <> eküme
ecurie <> Ecuri
ecus <> ECU'l
eczema <> egzam
eczematous <> egzam
edacious <> obur
edacious <> yemek
edaphic <> edafi
eddies <> girda
eddy <> anafo
eddy <> fırıl
eddy <> girda
eddy <> hortu
eddying <> fırıl
edelstein <> Edels
edelweiss <> alple
edelweiss <> edelv
edema <> ödem
edema <> su 
edemas <> ödeml
edematous <> ödeml
edentate <> dişsi
edentulous <> dişsi
edge <> üstün
edge <> şidde
edge <> ağız
edge <> kıyı
edge <> kenar
edge <> kesit
edge <> keski
edge <> sokul
edge <> yan 
edge <> yavaş
edged <> kenar
edged <> keski
edged <> sivri
edged <> uçlu
edgeless <> kenar
edger <> Edger
edges <> kenar
edgeways <> dolay
edgeways <> yan 
edgeways <> yanla
edgewise <> dolay
edgewise <> yan 
edgewise <> yanla
edging <> kenar
edging <> zırh
edgings <> kenar
edgy <> alıng
edgy <> belir
edgy <> keski
edgy <> sinir
edibility <> yenil
edible <> yemek
edible <> yenil
edible <> yenir
edibles <> yenil
edict <> bildi
edict <> ferma
edict <> tebli
edicts <> ferma
edification <> ahlâk
edification <> aydın
edification <> terbi
edification <> yetiş
edifications <> binal
edifice <> büyük
edifice <> yapı
edifices <> yapıl
edifier <> EDIFI
edify <> ahlâk
edify <> moral
edify <> terbi
edifying <> iyi
edifying <> iyi 
edifying <> yükse
edile <> EDILE
edingtonite <> Eding
edit <> baskı
edit <> düzen
edit <> kısal
edit <> yönet
edit <> yayın
edit <> yazım
edit <> yerli
editable <> düzen
edited <> Düzen
editing <> düzen
editing <> kurgu
edition <> baskı
edition <> tiraj
edition <> yayın
editions <> sürüm
editor <> başya
editor <> editö
editor <> progr
editor <> yayım
editor <> yazı
editorial <> başma
editorial <> başya
editorial <> editö
editorial <> edito
editorial <> yazı
editorialize <> başya
editorialize <> haber
editorialized <> başya
editorially <> editö
editorials <> editö
editors <> editö
editorship <> editö
editress <> editö
edits <> düzen
educable <> eğiti
educate <> öğren
educate <> eğitm
educate <> okutm
educate <> terbi
educate <> yetiş
educated <> öğren
educated <> Eğiti
educated <> aydın
educated <> okumu
educated <> tahsi
educates <> eğiti
educating <> eğiti
education <> öğren
education <> öğret
education <> eğiti
education <> terbi
educational <> eğiti
educational <> eğits
educationalist <> eğiti
educationalist <> eğitm
educationalists <> Eğiti
educationally <> eğiti
educationist <> eğiti
educationist <> eğitm
educationists <> eğiti
educations <> eğiti
educative <> eğiti
educator <> eğiti
educator <> eğitm
educators <> eğiti
educe <> çıkar
educe <> sonuç
eduction <> öğren
eduction <> öğret
eduction <> eğiti
eduction <> terbi
edutainment <> eğiti
eel <> yılan
eels <> müren
eelspear <> zıpkı
eelworm <> sirke
eerie <> ürküt
eerie <> esrar
eerie <> tüyle
eerily <> ürküt
eeriness <> ürküt
eeriness <> esrar
eeriness <> tekin
eery <> ürküt
eery <> esrar
eery <> tüyle
efface <> gider
efface <> silme
efface <> unutt
efface <> yok 
effaceable <> gider
effaceable <> silin
effaced <> silin
effacement <> geri
effacement <> gider
effacement <> ortad
effacement <> yok
effacement <> yok 
effacing <> silen
effect <> anlam
effect <> efekt
effect <> etki
effect <> etkis
effect <> gerçe
effect <> izlen
effect <> meyda
effect <> netic
effect <> reaks
effect <> sonuç
effect <> sonuc
effect <> tesir
effect <> ulaşm
effect <> uygul
effect <> verim
effect <> yürür
effected <> etkil
effecting <> etkil
effection <> tesir
effective <> efekt
effective <> etken
effective <> etkil
effective <> etkin
effective <> geçer
effective <> tesir
effective <> verim
effective <> yürür
effectively <> etkil
effectively <> etkin
effectively <> geçer
effectiveness <> etki
effectiveness <> etkil
effectiveness <> etkin
effectiveness <> geçer
effectiveness <> itiba
effectives <> Efekt
effectivity <> etkin
effector <> efekt
effectors <> effek
effects <> bakiy
effects <> etkil
effects <> ev 
effects <> kişis
effects <> menku
effects <> nakit
effects <> serve
effectual <> etkil
effectual <> etkin
effectual <> geçer
effectual <> yeter
effectuate <> gerçe
effectuate <> meyda
effectuate <> oluşt
effectuated <> hayat
effectuation <> Yürür
effeminacy <> femin
effeminacy <> kadın
effeminate <> femin
effeminate <> kadın
effeminate <> yumuş
effendi <> Hocae
effervesce <> coşma
effervesce <> galey
effervesce <> köpür
effervescence <> coşku
effervescence <> galey
effervescence <> köpür
effervescent <> coşku
effervescent <> galey
effervescent <> köpür
effervescent <> kabar
effete <> bitki
effete <> eskim
effete <> köhne
effete <> kısır
effete <> yorgu
efficacies <> etkin
efficacious <> etkil
efficacious <> tesir
efficacious <> yarar
efficacious <> yeter
efficaciously <> bireb
efficacy <> etki
efficacy <> tesir
efficacy <> yarar
efficiencies <> verim
efficiency <> etki
efficiency <> etkin
efficiency <> işgüz
efficiency <> rasyo
efficiency <> verim
efficiency <> yeten
efficiency <> yeter
efficient <> becer
efficient <> ehliy
efficient <> etkil
efficient <> işgüz
efficient <> rasyo
efficient <> verim
efficient <> yeter
efficiently <> etkil
efficiently <> rasyo
efficiently <> verim
efficiently <> yeter
effigy <> büst
effigy <> heyke
effigy <> resim
effigy <> temsi
effing <> lanet
effing <> melun
effing <> pis
effloresce <> çiçek
effloresce <> geliş
effloresce <> serpi
effloresce <> tozla
efflorescence <> çiçek
efflorescence <> derin
efflorescence <> geliş
efflorescence <> tozla
efflorescent <> çiçek
efflorescent <> olgun
efflorescent <> tozla
effluence <> akınt
effluence <> akma
effluent <> akınt
effluent <> akıtı
effluent <> artık
effluent <> atık
effluent <> dışar
effluent <> nehir
effluents <> atık
efflux <> akış
efflux <> akma
efflux <> sızın
efflux <> sızma
effort <> çaba
effort <> çabal
effort <> başar
effort <> denem
effort <> eser
effort <> gayre
effort <> giriş
effort <> uğraş
efforted <> gayre
effortful <> Effor
efforting <> ukbây
effortless <> çaba
effortless <> gayre
effortless <> kolay
effortless <> zahme
effortlessly <> zahme
efforts <> çabal
effrontery <> arsız
effrontery <> küsta
effrontery <> yüzsü
effulgence <> görke
effulgence <> ihtiş
effulgence <> parla
effulgent <> ışık
effulgent <> şaşaa
effulgent <> görke
effulgent <> parla
effuse <> açılm
effuse <> dökme
effuse <> dışar
effuse <> dağıl
effuse <> sızdı
effuse <> sızma
effuse <> yayıl
effusion <> açılm
effusion <> akıtm
effusion <> akma
effusion <> bollu
effusion <> coşku
effusion <> efüzy
effusion <> içini
effusion <> taşkı
effusions <> efüzy
effusive <> akan
effusive <> bol
effusive <> coşku
effusive <> dökül
effusive <> taşkı
effusively <> bol
effusively <> bol 
effusively <> coşku
effusively <> dökül
effusively <> taşar
effusiveness <> açılm
effusiveness <> bollu
effusiveness <> coşku
effusiveness <> içini
eflornithine <> eflor
efs <> EFS
eft <> semen
eft <> su 
eftsoon <> hemen
egad <> valla
egad <> yahu
egalitarian <> eşitl
egalitarian <> siyas
egalitarianism <> eşitl
egalitarianism <> siyas
egean <> Ege
eger <> Eger
egg <> bomba
egg <> eşek
egg <> kışkı
egg <> tahri
egg <> teşvi
egg <> torpi
egg <> yumur
eggar <> Eggar
eggbeater <> helik
eggbeater <> yumur
eggcup <> yumur
egged <> Egged
egger <> Egger
eggers <> Egger
egghead <> akıll
egghead <> aydın
egghead <> entel
eggheads <> Egghe
eggnog <> yumur
eggplant <> patlı
eggplants <> patlı
eggs <> yumur
eggshell <> fildi
eggshell <> kırıl
eggshell <> nazik
eggshell <> yumur
eggshells <> yumur
eggy <> yumur
egis <> kalka
egis <> korum
egis <> siper
eglantine <> yaban
eglestonite <> Egles
egling <> Eglin
egma <> EGMA
ego <> ben
ego <> benli
ego <> düşün
ego <> ego
ego <> kendi
egocentric <> ben
egocentric <> ben 
egocentric <> benci
egocentric <> sadec
egoism <> benci
egoism <> egoiz
egoism <> kendi
egoist <> benci
egoist <> egois
egoistic <> benci
egoistic <> egois
egomania <> aşırı
egomania <> kendi
egomania <> manya
egos <> egola
egotism <> övünm
egotism <> benli
egotism <> egoti
egotism <> kendi
egotist <> egois
egotist <> kendi
egotist <> sürek
egotistic <> egois
egotistical <> benci
egotistical <> egois
egotistical <> kendi
egotistical <> sürek
egregious <> berba
egregious <> dikka
egregious <> muazz
egregious <> yaman
egress <> çıkış
egress <> çıkar
egress <> çıkma
egress <> çare
egress <> tutul
egression <> çıkma
egression <> dışar
egret <> akbal
egret <> kuş 
egret <> sorgu
egyptian <> Mısır
egyptians <> Mısır
eh <> öyle
eh <> eh
eh <> ey
eh <> nasıl
eh <> vah
eh <> ya
ehrlichiosis <> Ehrli
ehs <> EHS
eicosanoids <> eikoz
eicosapentaenoic <> eikos
eide <> EIDE
eider <> pufla
eider <> yumuş
eiderdown <> kuştü
eiderdown <> pufla
eiderdowns <> kuştü
eidetic <> nesne
eidolon <> Eidol
eidos <> Eidos
eigenfunction <> özfon
eigenfunctions <> özfon
eigenspace <> Eigen
eigenspaces <> Aygen
eigenvalue <> özdeğ
eigenvalues <> Özdeğ
eigenvector <> özvek
eigenvectors <> özvek
eight <> sekiz
eightball <> Eight
eighteen <> onsek
eighteenth <> onsek
eightfold <> sekiz
eighth <> sekiz
eighthly <> sekiz
eighths <> görüþ
eighties <> sekse
eightieth <> sekse
eights <> Eight
eighty <> sekse
eingang <> Einga
einstein <> Einst
einsteins <> Einst
eire <> İrlan
eisteddfod <> Eiste
either <> birin
either <> her 
either <> ikisi
either <> ister
either <> ne 
either <> ya
either <> ya 
ejaculate <> bağır
ejaculate <> boşal
ejaculate <> fışkı
ejaculate <> haykı
ejaculate <> söyle
ejaculates <> ejaku
ejaculation <> boşal
ejaculation <> fışkı
ejaculation <> haykı
ejaculation <> nida
ejaculations <> boşal
ejaculator <> ejekü
ejaculatory <> ani
ejaculatory <> boşal
ejaculatory <> dökül
ejaculatory <> ejakü
ejaculatory <> fışkı
eject <> çıkar
eject <> atmak
eject <> fırla
eject <> kovma
eject <> uçakt
ejected <> atılı
ejecting <> çıkar
ejection <> çıkan
ejection <> çıkar
ejection <> dışar
ejection <> fırla
ejection <> tahli
ejectment <> çıkar
ejectment <> atma
ejectment <> tahli
ejector <> atan
ejector <> boşal
ejector <> ejekt
ejector <> tahli
ejectors <> ejekt
ejects <> çıkar
eke <> dahi
eke <> hem 
ekes <> Ekes
ekistics <> imar
el <> el
el <> yol 
elaborate <> özen
elaborate <> özenl
elaborate <> üzeri
elaborate <> açmak
elaborate <> ayrın
elaborate <> dikka
elaborated <> detay
elaborately <> özenl
elaborateness <> özene
elaborateness <> ayrın
elaborateness <> incel
elaborates <> ayrın
elaborating <> terti
elaboration <> özen
elaboration <> ayrın
elaboration <> detay
elaboration <> dikka
elaborators <> mükel
elaeagnus <> Elaea
elan <> şevk
elan <> canlı
elan <> hamle
elance <> Elanc
eland <> Afrik
eland <> boğa
elapidae <> Elapi
elapids <> elapi
elapse <> akıp
elapse <> geçme
elapsed <> geçen
elapses <> geçiy
elastance <> elast
elastase <> elast
elastic <> elast
elastic <> esnek
elastic <> lasti
elastic <> uyuml
elastica <> elast
elastical <> elast
elastically <> elast
elasticated <> lasti
elasticities <> esnek
elasticity <> elast
elasticity <> esnek
elasticized <> elast
elastics <> kırın
elastofibroma <> Elast
elastomeric <> elast
elastomers <> elast
elastosis <> elast
elate <> coştu
elate <> gurur
elate <> neşel
elate <> sevin
elated <> coşku
elated <> mutlu
elated <> sevin
elation <> coşku
elation <> gurur
elation <> haz
elation <> mutlu
elation <> sevin
elbow <> dönem
elbow <> dirse
elbow <> ite 
elbow <> itele
elbowroom <> geniş
elbowroom <> harek
elbows <> dirse
eld <> geçmi
eld <> ileri
elder <> ata
elder <> büyük
elder <> daha
elder <> kıdem
elder <> mürve
elder <> yaşça
elder <> yaşlı
elderberry <> mürve
elderflower <> mürve
elderlies <> yaşlı
elderliness <> Yaşlı
elderly <> ihtiy
elderly <> yaşın
elderly <> yaşlı
elders <> ihtiy
elders <> yaşlı
eldest <> en
eldest <> en 
eldest <> yaşça
eldin <> Eldin
eldritch <> çirki
eldritch <> büyül
eldritch <> korku
elect <> atama
elect <> görev
elect <> seçme
electability <> Seçil
electable <> seçil
elected <> seçil
electic <> derle
electic <> eklek
electic <> seçen
electic <> seçme
electing <> seçim
election <> seçim
electioneer <> seçim
electioneering <> seçim
elections <> seçim
elective <> seçil
elective <> seçim
elective <> seçme
electively <> elekt
electives <> seçme
electivity <> elekt
elector <> seçme
electoral <> seçim
electoral <> seçme
electorally <> seçim
electorate <> seçme
electorates <> seçim
electors <> seçme
electre <> ELECT
electress <> seçme
electret <> diele
electric <> elekt
electric <> geril
electric <> heyec
electrical <> elekt
electrically <> elekt
electricals <> elekt
electrician <> elekt
electricians <> elekt
electricity <> elekt
electrics <> elekt
electrification <> elekt
electrified <> elekt
electrified <> heyec
electrifies <> elekt
electrify <> elekt
electrify <> heyec
electrifying <> heyec
electrized <> elekt
electro <> elect
electro <> elekt
electroacoustic <> elekt
electroacoustics <> Elekt
electroacupuncture <> elekt
electroanalysis <> elekt
electroanalytical <> elekt
electrocardiogram <> e.k.g
electrocardiogram <> elekt
electrocardiogram <> kâlp
electrocardiograms <> elekt
electrocardiograph <> elekt
electrocardiographic <> elekt
electrocardiographically <> elekt
electrocardiographs <> EKG
electrocardiography <> elekt
electrocatalysis <> elekt
electrocatalytic <> elekt
electrocauterisation <> elekt
electrocauterization <> elekt
electrocautery <> elekt
electroceramic <> elekt
electrochemical <> elekt
electrochemically <> elekt
electrochemistry <> elekt
electrochromic <> elekt
electrocoagulation <> elekt
electroconvulsive <> elekt
electrocute <> elekt
electrocuted <> elekt
electrocutes <> Elect
electrocution <> elekt
electrode <> elekt
electrodeposited <> elekt
electrodeposition <> elekt
electrodermal <> elekt
electrodes <> elekt
electrodiagnosis <> elekt
electrodialysis <> elekt
electrodynamic <> elekt
electrodynamics <> elekt
electroejaculation <> Elekt
electroencephalogram <> elekt
electroencephalogram <> gram
electroencephalograms <> EEG
electroencephalograph <> elekt
electroencephalographic <> elekt
electroencephalographs <> Elekt
electroencephalography <> elekt
electroforming <> elekt
electrofusion <> elekt
electrogalvanic <> Elekt
electrogalvanized <> elekt
electrogen <> Elekt
electrogram <> elekt
electrograms <> elekt
electrographic <> elekt
electrohydraulic <> elekt
electrohydraulically <> elekt
electrokinetic <> elekt
electrokinetics <> elekt
electroless <> akıms
electrolier <> elekt
electrology <> Elect
electroluminescence <> elekt
electroluminescent <> tekno
electrolyse <> elekt
electrolyser <> Elekt
electrolyses <> elekt
electrolysis <> elekt
electrolysis <> epila
electrolyte <> elekt
electrolytes <> elekt
electrolytic <> elekt
electrolytical <> elekt
electrolytically <> elekt
electrolyze <> elekt
electrolyzed <> elekt
electrolyzer <> Elekt
electrolyzers <> elekt
electromagnet <> elekt
electromagnetic <> Elekt
electromagnetically <> elekt
electromagnetics <> elekt
electromagnetism <> elekt
electromagnets <> elekt
electromechanical <> elekt
electromechanically <> elekt
electromechanics <> elekt
electromedical <> elekt
electrometallurgy <> elekt
electrometer <> elekt
electrometric <> elekt
electrometrical <> elekt
electromotion <> elekt
electromotive <> akımı
electromotor <> elekt
electromyogram <> elekt
electromyograms <> elekt
electromyographic <> elekt
electromyographical <> elekt
electromyographically <> elekt
electromyographies <> elekt
electromyography <> elekt
electron <> elekt
electron <> negat
electronegative <> elekt
electronegativity <> elekt
electroneurography <> elekt
electroneuromyography <> elekt
electronic <> elekt
electronically <> elekt
electronics <> elekt
electrons <> elekt
electronvolt <> elekt
electronystagmography <> elekt
electrooculography <> elekt
electrooptic <> elekt
electrooptical <> Elekt
electropherogram <> Elekt
electrophile <> Elekt
electrophiles <> elekt
electrophilic <> elekt
electrophoresed <> elekt
electrophoresis <> elekt
electrophoretic <> elekt
electrophoretically <> elekt
electrophotographic <> elekt
electrophysics <> elekt
electrophysiologic <> elekt
electrophysiological <> elekt
electrophysiologically <> elekt
electrophysiology <> elekt
electroplate <> elekt
electroplating <> elekt
electropneumatic <> elekt
electropolished <> elekt
electropolishing <> Elekt
electroporation <> elekt
electropositive <> elekt
electrorefining <> elekt
electroretinogram <> elekt
electroretinographic <> elekt
electroretinography <> elekt
electrorheological <> elekt
electros <> elekt
electroscope <> elekt
electroscopic <> elekt
electroshock <> elekt
electroslag <> Elekt
electrostatic <> elekt
electrostatical <> elekt
electrostatically <> elekt
electrostatics <> elekt
electrostriction <> Elekt
electrosurgery <> elekt
electrosurgical <> elekt
electrotechnic <> Elekt
electrotechnical <> elekt
electrotechnics <> elekt
electrotechnology <> elekt
electrotherapeutic <> elekt
electrotherapy <> elekt
electrotherm <> Elect
electrothermal <> elekt
electrothermic <> ELEKT
electrotype <> galva
electroweak <> elekt
electrowinning <> elekt
electrum <> elekt
elects <> seçti
elegance <> şıklı
elegance <> zaraf
elegance <> zarif
elegancy <> zaraf
elegant <> çok 
elegant <> şık
elegant <> hoş
elegant <> kibar
elegant <> mükem
elegant <> zarif
elegant <> zekic
elegantly <> zarif
elegiac <> ağıt
elegiac <> hüzün
elegiac <> karas
elegiac <> melan
elegiac <> yanık
elegiacs <> ağıt
elegies <> Elegi
elegize <> ağıt
elegy <> ağıt
element <> öğe
element <> ana 
element <> atmos
element <> bir 
element <> doğa
element <> elema
element <> eleme
element <> esas
element <> faktö
element <> küçük
element <> unsur
elemental <> basit
elemental <> doğa
elemental <> esas
elemental <> saf
elemental <> temel
elementals <> cinle
elementary <> asıl
elementary <> başla
elementary <> basit
elementary <> doğa
elementary <> ilk
elementary <> ilkel
elementary <> saf
elementary <> temel
elements <> elema
elemis <> Elemi
elephant <> fil
elephantiasis <> fil
elephantiasis <> fil 
elephantine <> şişma
elephantine <> fil 
elephantine <> hanta
elephantine <> kocam
elephantine <> tombu
elephants <> fille
eleutherios <> Eleut
eleutherococcus <> Eleut
elevate <> cesar
elevate <> kaldı
elevate <> yükse
elevated <> köprü
elevated <> keyif
elevated <> yüce
elevated <> yükse
elevated <> yol 
elevates <> yücel
elevating <> yükse
elevation <> dikey
elevation <> eğim
elevation <> irtif
elevation <> kaldı
elevation <> moral
elevation <> yükse
elevations <> yükse
elevator <> Asans
elevator <> asans
elevator <> kaldı
elevator <> tahıl
elevators <> asans
eleve <> élevé
eleven <> on
eleven <> on 
elevenses <> hafif
elevenses <> sabah
eleventh <> onbir
eleventhly <> onbir
elf <> cüce
elf <> cin
elf <> cin 
elf <> peri
elf <> ufak
elf <> yaram
elfin <> cin 
elfin <> cinle
elfin <> yaram
elflock <> araps
elflock <> karma
elicit <> çıkar
elicit <> öğren
elicit <> aydın
elicit <> meyda
elicit <> tepki
elicitation <> meyda
elicited <> elde
elicitor <> elisi
elide <> atlam
elide <> yutma
elide <> yuvar
elided <> birşe
eligibility <> üstün
eligibility <> Uygun
eligibility <> ayrıc
eligibility <> nitel
eligibility <> uygun
eligible <> geçer
eligible <> nitel
eligible <> seçil
eligible <> uygun
eliminable <> elimi
eliminate <> çıkar
eliminate <> atmak
eliminate <> berta
eliminate <> eleme
eliminate <> elenm
eliminate <> elimi
eliminate <> gider
eliminate <> yok 
eliminated <> elimi
eliminates <> ortad
eliminating <> ortad
elimination <> çıkar
elimination <> atma
elimination <> eleme
elimination <> elimi
elimination <> gider
elimination <> yok 
eliminations <> eleme
eliminator <> pili
eliminator <> tutuc
eliminators <> tutuc
elint <> ELINT
elision <> söyle
elite <> elit
elite <> seçki
elite <> seçme
elites <> elitl
elitism <> seçki
elitist <> seçki
elitists <> eliti
elix <> Elix
elixir <> öz
elixir <> iksir
elixirs <> iksir
elk <> Kanad
elkhorn <> Elkho
elks <> Elks
ell <> arşın
ell <> ell
ell <> endaz
ellipse <> eksik
ellipse <> eksil
ellipse <> elips
ellipses <> elips
ellipsis <> eksik
ellipsis <> eksil
ellipsoid <> elips
ellipsoidal <> elips
ellipsoids <> elips
ellipsometer <> elips
ellipsometry <> Elips
elliptic <> bazı
elliptic <> eksil
elliptic <> elips
elliptic <> elipt
elliptic <> oval
elliptical <> bazı
elliptical <> eksil
elliptical <> elips
elliptical <> elipt
elliptical <> oval
elliptically <> elipt
ellipticals <> elipt
ellipticity <> elipt
ells <> arşın
ellsworthite <> Elsvo
elm <> karaa
elmen <> Elmen
elms <> karaa
elocution <> diksi
elocution <> hitab
elocution <> konuş
elocutionist <> diksi
elocutionist <> hatip
elohim <> Elohi
elongate <> sürdü
elongate <> uzama
elongate <> uzatm
elongated <> ince
elongated <> uzatı
elongates <> uzar
elongating <> uzar
elongation <> germe
elongation <> sürdü
elongation <> uzama
elongation <> uzanı
elongation <> uzatm
elongations <> uzama
elope <> kaçma
elope <> sevgi
elopement <> aşığı
elopement <> kaçma
eloper <> aşığı
eloquence <> çene
eloquence <> belag
eloquence <> güzel
eloquence <> konuş
eloquent <> anlam
eloquent <> belâg
eloquent <> dokun
eloquent <> güzel
elpidite <> Elpid
else <> aksi
else <> ayrıc
else <> başka
else <> ilave
else <> yoksa
elsewhere <> başka
elsewheres <> diğer
elsinore <> Elsin
elt <> ELT
elts <> ELTS
eluate <> Eluat
elucidate <> açıkl
elucidate <> aydın
elucidate <> izah
elucidated <> aydın
elucidating <> açıkl
elucidation <> açıkl
elucidation <> aydın
elucidation <> izah
elucidations <> açıkl
elucidatory <> açıkl
elucidatory <> aydın
elude <> çağrı
elude <> aklın
elude <> anlay
elude <> kaçın
elude <> kaçam
elude <> kurtu
elude <> sıyrı
eluded <> atlat
elusion <> kaçın
elusion <> kurtu
elusion <> sıyrı
elusion <> yakay
elusive <> akla
elusive <> anlaş
elusive <> güven
elusive <> kaçam
elusive <> kaypa
elusive <> yakal
elusory <> aldat
elusory <> anlaş
elusory <> güven
elusory <> kaçam
elusory <> yakal
elusory <> yanıl
eluted <> elute
eluting <> salın
elutriate <> yıkay
elutriation <> Yıkay
eluvium <> Eluvi
elvan <> Elvan
elven <> elf
elver <> yılan
elves <> elfle
elvish <> cin
elvish <> cin 
elvish <> yaram
elysian <> cenne
elysian <> elysi
elysian <> ilahi
em <> em
em <> katra
emaciate <> bir 
emaciate <> verim
emaciate <> zayıf
emaciated <> bir
emaciated <> bir 
emaciated <> kıraç
emaciated <> verim
emaciated <> zayıf
emaciation <> aşırı
emaciation <> iğne
emaciation <> zayıf
email <> E-pos
emailed <> e-pos
emailers <> E-pos
emailing <> e-pos
emails <> e-pos
emanate <> çıkma
emanate <> doğma
emanate <> sızma
emanate <> yayıl
emanated <> kayna
emanates <> hayra
emanating <> kayna
emanation <> çıkan
emanation <> fışkı
emanation <> ortay
emanation <> radyo
emanation <> sızın
emancipate <> özgür
emancipate <> azat
emancipate <> serbe
emancipate <> soyut
emancipated <> azat
emancipated <> eşitl
emancipating <> özgür
emancipation <> özgür
emancipation <> azat
emancipation <> eşit
emancipation <> serbe
emancipationist <> eşitl
emancipationist <> kölel
emancipator <> Emanc
emancipatory <> özgür
emancipatory <> azat
emancipatory <> serbe
emasculate <> bozma
emasculate <> fakir
emasculate <> hadım
emasculate <> hafif
emasculate <> iğdiş
emasculate <> zayıf
emasculation <> hadım
emasculation <> sansü
emasculation <> yumuş
emasculation <> zayıf
embalm <> anısı
embalm <> anmak
embalm <> hatır
embalm <> mumya
embalmed <> mumya
embalming <> tahni
embalmment <> mumya
embank <> topra
embankment <> bent
embankment <> set
embankment <> set 
embankment <> topra
embankments <> bent
embarcadero <> Embar
embargo <> ambar
embargo <> el 
embargo <> ticar
embargo <> yasak
embargoed <> ambar
embargoes <> ambar
embargoing <> ambar
embargos <> ambar
embark <> atılm
embark <> bindi
embark <> giriş
embark <> kalkı
embark <> uçağa
embark <> yükle
embark <> yatır
embark <> yolcu
embarkation <> bindi
embarkation <> gemiy
embarkation <> yükle
embarked <> giriş
embarking <> başla
embarrass <> şaşır
embarrass <> bozma
embarrass <> bozum
embarrass <> engel
embarrass <> para
embarrass <> sıkın
embarrass <> utand
embarrassed <> eli 
embarrassed <> mahçu
embarrassed <> sıkıl
embarrassed <> utang
embarrassing <> can 
embarrassing <> utand
embarrassing <> zor 
embarrassingly <> utand
embarrassment <> şaşkı
embarrassment <> paras
embarrassment <> rahat
embarrassment <> sıkın
embarrassment <> utanm
embase <> EMBAS
embassador <> Büyük
embassies <> elçil
embassy <> elçil
embassy <> sefar
embattle <> mazga
embattle <> savaş
embattled <> güç
embattled <> güç 
embattled <> savaş
embattled <> savun
embay <> körfe
embed <> gömme
embed <> kafas
embed <> oturt
embed <> yerle
embeddable <> gömül
embedded <> gömül
embedder <> katış
embedding <> gömme
embeddings <> gömme
embeds <> gömer
embellish <> abart
embellish <> güzel
embellish <> renk
embellish <> süsle
embellished <> süsle
embellishing <> süsle
embellishment <> abart
embellishment <> renkl
embellishment <> süs
embellishment <> süsle
embellishments <> bezem
ember <> köz
ember <> kor
embers <> köz
embers <> korla
embers <> sönme
embezzle <> kendi
embezzle <> zimme
embezzled <> zimme
embezzlement <> ihtil
embezzlement <> kötüy
embezzlement <> zimme
embezzlements <> zimme
embezzler <> kasa
embezzler <> zimme
embezzling <> zimme
embitter <> dünya
embitter <> ekşit
embitter <> hırçı
embitter <> körük
embittered <> dünya
embittered <> hayat
embitterment <> dünya
embitterment <> ekşit
emblaze <> Embla
emblazon <> övmek
emblazon <> armal
emblazon <> gökle
emblazon <> kutla
emblazon <> yücel
emblem <> amble
emblem <> arma
emblem <> kişil
emblem <> sembo
emblem <> simge
emblema <> Emble
emblematic <> sembo
emblematic <> simge
emblematical <> sembo
emblematical <> simge
emblematize <> simge
emblems <> amble
embodied <> somut
embodies <> somut
embodiment <> şekil
embodiment <> cisim
embodiment <> simge
embodiment <> somut
embodiments <> somut
embody <> belir
embody <> bir 
embody <> cisim
embody <> içerm
embody <> ihtiv
embody <> somut
embodying <> barın
embolden <> cesar
embolden <> teşvi
embolden <> yürek
embolectomy <> embol
embolic <> embol
embolisation <> embol
embolised <> embol
embolism <> ambol
embolism <> damar
embolism <> embol
embolite <> Embol
embolization <> embol
embolized <> embol
embolizing <> embol
emboly <> embol
embonpoint <> dolgu
embonpoint <> semiz
embonpoint <> toplu
embosom <> korum
embosom <> kuşat
embosom <> kucak
emboss <> çekiç
emboss <> kabar
embossed <> kabar
embosses <> kabar
embossing <> kabar
embossment <> kabar
embossment <> kakma
embossments <> kabar
embouchure <> çalgı
embouchure <> ağız
embouchure <> nehir
embower <> gölge
embower <> korum
embrace <> bağrı
embrace <> benim
embrace <> besle
embrace <> ele 
embrace <> kapsa
embrace <> kucak
embrace <> sarıl
embrace <> sarma
embrace <> yakal
embraceable <> Embra
embraced <> kucak
embracement <> kucak
embracer <> rüşve
embracery <> rüşve
embraces <> kucak
embraceth <> kuşat
embracing <> kapsa
embracing <> kuşat
embracing <> kucak
embracing <> saran
embranchment <> çatal
embranchment <> dalla
embranchment <> kol
embrangle <> şaşır
embrangle <> dolaş
embrasure <> mazga
embrasured <> mazga
embrittle <> gevre
embrittlement <> gevre
embrocation <> ilaçl
embrocation <> ovmak
embroider <> şişir
embroider <> abart
embroider <> allay
embroider <> balla
embroider <> nakış
embroider <> oyala
embroider <> süsle
embroidered <> işlem
embroiderers <> nakış
embroideries <> nakış
embroidering <> nakış
embroiders <> nakış
embroidery <> abart
embroidery <> nakış
embroidery <> oya
embroidery <> süs
embroil <> ara 
embroil <> bozma
embroil <> bulaş
embroil <> karış
embroiled <> bozuk
embroiled <> karma
embroiling <> bulaş
embroilment <> anlaş
embroilment <> bozuş
embroilment <> karış
embryo <> başla
embryo <> cenin
embryo <> embri
embryo <> tasar
embryoblast <> Embri
embryogenesis <> embri
embryoid <> embri
embryoids <> embri
embryologic <> embri
embryological <> embri
embryologically <> embri
embryologist <> embri
embryologists <> embri
embryology <> embri
embryon <> embry
embryonal <> embri
embryonated <> embri
embryonic <> embri
embryonic <> geliş
embryonic <> ilkel
embryopathy <> embri
embryos <> embri
embryotoxicity <> embri
embus <> araba
emcee <> proto
emcee <> sergi
emcee <> sunma
emcee <> sunuc
emcees <> Bölge
emeline <> Emel
emend <> düzel
emend <> değiş
emendation <> düzel
emendation <> değiş
emendator <> düzel
emendatory <> düzel
emerald <> zümrü
emeralds <> zümrü
emeraude <> Emera
emerge <> çıkma
emerge <> doğma
emerge <> emerg
emerge <> gün 
emerge <> ortay
emerge <> su 
emerge <> yücel
emerged <> ortay
emergence <> çıkma
emergence <> ortay
emergencies <> acil
emergency <> acil
emergency <> tehli
emergent <> acil
emergently <> acil
emerges <> ortay
emerging <> geliş
emeried <> zımpa
emeries <> Zımpa
emeril <> Emeri
emerita <> Emeri
emery <> zımpa
emerying <> zımpa
emes <> EMES
emesis <> kusma
emetic <> istif
emetic <> kustu
emfs <> EMF
emigrant <> göçme
emigrant <> muhac
emigrants <> göçme
emigrate <> göç 
emigrate <> göçme
emigrated <> göç
emigrates <> ABD'y
emigrating <> göç
emigration <> göç
emigration <> göçme
emigration <> hicre
emigres <> göçme
eminence <> itiba
eminence <> tepe
eminence <> yükse
eminences <> BENED
eminency <> itiba
eminency <> tepe
eminency <> yükse
eminent <> ünlü
eminent <> seçki
eminent <> yüce
eminent <> yükse
eminently <> fazla
eminently <> pek
emir <> emir
emirate <> emare
emirate <> emirl
emirates <> emirl
emirs <> emirl
emissaries <> elçil
emissary <> özel
emissary <> casus
emissary <> temsi
emission <> çıkar
emission <> emisy
emission <> yayın
emission <> yayma
emissions <> emisy
emissive <> yayın
emissive <> yayan
emissivities <> emiss
emissivity <> emisi
emit <> çıkar
emit <> belir
emit <> ifade
emit <> yayın
emit <> yayma
emits <> yayar
emitted <> Yayıl
emitter <> çıkar
emitter <> emitö
emitter <> fışkı
emitters <> emitö
emitting <> yayan
emmas <> Emmas
emmer <> Emmer
emmers <> Emmer
emmet <> Emmet
emmetropia <> emetr
emmetropic <> Emetr
emollient <> yumuş
emollients <> yumuş
emolument <> ücret
emolument <> maaş
emoticon <> Duygu
emoticons <> İfade
emoting <> heyec
emotion <> duygu
emotion <> heyec
emotion <> his
emotional <> duyar
emotional <> duygu
emotional <> hassa
emotional <> heyec
emotional <> hissi
emotional <> içli
emotionalism <> duygu
emotionalist <> heyec
emotionality <> duyar
emotionality <> duygu
emotionality <> hassa
emotionalize <> duygu
emotionally <> duygu
emotionally <> heyec
emotionless <> duygu
emotions <> duygu
emotive <> duygu
emotive <> heyec
emove <> aldır
empanel <> jüri
empanelled <> empan
empathetic <> empat
empathic <> empat
empathise <> karşı
empathize <> karşı
empathizing <> empat
empathy <> başka
empathy <> empat
empennage <> kuyru
emperor <> impar
emperors <> impar
emperorship <> İmpar
emphases <> vurgu
emphasis <> önem
emphasis <> üzeri
emphasis <> vurgu
emphasise <> önemi
emphasise <> üzeri
emphasise <> vurgu
emphasised <> vurgu
emphasises <> vurgu
emphasising <> vurgu
emphasize <> önemi
emphasize <> üzeri
emphasize <> vurgu
emphasized <> vurgu
emphasizes <> vurgu
emphasizing <> vurgu
emphatic <> öneml
emphatic <> katı
emphatic <> vurgu
emphatical <> öneml
emphatical <> katı
emphatical <> vurgu
emphatically <> üzeri
emphatically <> kesin
emphatically <> vurgu
emphysema <> anfiz
emphysema <> ciğer
emphysematous <> amfiz
empire <> impar
empire <> saray
empires <> impar
empiric <> şarla
empiric <> bilgi
empiric <> deney
empiric <> görgü
empirical <> deney
empirical <> görgü
empirically <> ampir
empiricism <> şarla
empiricism <> deney
empiricist <> bilgi
empiricist <> deney
empiricist <> görgü
emplace <> mevzi
emplace <> yerle
emplaced <> yerle
emplacement <> mevzi
emplacement <> top 
emplacement <> yere
emplacement <> yerle
emplacements <> mevzi
emplane <> uçağa
employ <> çalış
employ <> görev
employ <> harca
employ <> iş 
employ <> istih
employ <> kulla
employ <> meşgu
employability <> istih
employable <> görev
employable <> iş 
employable <> kulla
employe <> İŞÇİ
employed <> istih
employee <> adam
employee <> elema
employee <> görev
employee <> hizme
employee <> işçi
employee <> perso
employees <> Çalış
employer <> işver
employer <> patro
employers <> işver
employes <> istih
employing <> istih
employment <> çalış
employment <> görev
employment <> hizme
employment <> iş
employment <> iş 
employment <> istih
employment <> uğraş
employments <> istih
employs <> istih
empoison <> zehir
emporia <> Empor
emporium <> mağaz
emporium <> marke
emporium <> pazar
emporium <> ticar
empower <> güçle
empower <> izin
empower <> yetki
empowered <> güçle
empowering <> güçle
empowerment <> güçle
empowerments <> güçle
empowers <> güçle
empress <> impar
empt <> satın
emptied <> boşal
emptier <> boşal
empties <> boşal
emptiness <> boşlu
emptinesses <> boşlu
empty <> önems
empty <> aç
empty <> anlam
empty <> boş
empty <> boş 
empty <> boşal
empty <> boşun
empty <> dökül
empty <> dökme
empty <> içeri
empty <> içini
empty <> tahli
empty <> yoksu
emptying <> boşal
emptying <> tahli
empusa <> Empus
empyema <> ampiy
empyemas <> ampiy
emu <> emu
emu <> koşuc
emulate <> özenm
emulate <> benze
emulate <> imren
emulate <> takli
emulate <> yarış
emulated <> takli
emulates <> öykün
emulating <> takli
emulation <> öykün
emulation <> özenm
emulation <> benze
emulation <> yarış
emulations <> emüla
emulator <> emüla
emulators <> emüla
emulgent <> Emulg
emulsification <> emüls
emulsified <> emüls
emulsifier <> emülg
emulsifiers <> emülg
emulsifies <> emüls
emulsify <> emils
emulsifying <> emülg
emulsion <> emüls
emulsions <> emüls
emus <> Emus
emydidae <> Emydi
emys <> Emys
en <> tr
en <> yarım
enable <> etkin
enable <> izin
enable <> olana
enable <> yetki
enabled <> etkin
enablement <> etkin
enablers <> Enabl
enables <> sağla
enabling <> etkin
enact <> çıkar
enact <> canla
enact <> oynam
enact <> sahne
enact <> yasal
enacted <> yürür
enacting <> yasal
enaction <> canla
enaction <> kanun
enaction <> sahne
enaction <> yasa
enactments <> mevzu
enamel <> diş 
enamel <> emay
enamel <> emaye
enamel <> emayl
enamel <> mine
enamel <> minel
enamel <> süsle
enamel <> sır
enamel <> sırla
enamel <> tırna
enameled <> emaye
enameling <> mine
enamelled <> emaye
enameller <> emayc
enameller <> minec
enamellers <> Emaye
enamelling <> emaye
enamels <> emaye
enamelware <> emaye
enamor <> aşık
enamor <> aklın
enamor <> büyül
enamor <> etkil
enamored <> aşık
enamored <> tutku
enamour <> aşık
enamour <> aklın
enamour <> büyül
enamour <> etkil
enamoured <> aşık
enamoured <> tutku
enantiomeric <> Enant
enantiomerism <> Enant
enantiomers <> enant
enargite <> Enarj
encaenia <> kilis
encage <> kafes
encamp <> kamp
encamp <> kampa
encamped <> Elime
encampment <> kamp
encampment <> karar
encampment <> ordug
encamps <> konak
encapsulant <> enkap
encapsulate <> özetl
encapsulate <> içerm
encapsulate <> kısa
encapsulate <> kapsa
encapsulated <> kapsü
encapsulates <> kapsü
encapsulation <> kapsü
encase <> örtme
encase <> kabın
encase <> kapam
encase <> sandı
encased <> kaplı
encash <> bozdu
encash <> paray
encash <> tahsi
encashment <> bozdu
encashment <> paray
encashment <> tahsi
encaustic <> sıcak
encaustic <> yakıl
encephalic <> beyin
encephalic <> beyne
encephalitides <> ansef
encephalitis <> ansef
encephalitis <> beyin
encephalocele <> ensef
encephalography <> Ensef
encephalomalacia <> ensef
encephalopathic <> ansef
encephalopathies <> ensef
encephalopathy <> ensef
enchained <> büyül
enchant <> afsun
enchant <> aklın
enchant <> büyül
enchant <> mest
enchanted <> afsun
enchanted <> büyül
enchanter <> büyüc
enchanters <> Encha
enchanting <> büyül
enchanting <> etkil
enchanting <> mest
enchanting <> sihir
enchantment <> büyü
enchantment <> büyül
enchantment <> cazib
enchantment <> cezbe
enchantment <> haz
enchantment <> keyif
enchantment <> sihir
enchantress <> büyüc
enchantress <> büyül
enchants <> büyül
enchase <> çerçe
enchase <> kabar
enchase <> yerle
enchased <> kazım
enchondral <> enkon
enchondromatous <> enkon
encina <> Encin
encinas <> Encin
encipher <> şifre
encipher <> kodla
enciphering <> şifre
encipherment <> Şifre
enciphers <> şifre
encircle <> çembe
encircle <> çevir
encircle <> çevre
encircle <> etraf
encircle <> kuşat
encircle <> kucak
encircle <> sarma
encircled <> çevri
encirclement <> kuşat
encircles <> çevre
encircling <> çevre
enclasp <> kucak
enclasp <> sarma
enclave <> etraf
enclave <> yaban
enclave <> yerle
enclaved <> mahsu
enclaves <> ankla
enclitic <> öncek
enclose <> çevir
enclose <> çevre
enclose <> çit 
enclose <> etraf
enclose <> içerm
enclose <> ilişt
enclose <> kapat
enclose <> kapsa
enclose <> kuşat
enclosed <> ekli
enclosed <> ilişi
enclosed <> kapal
enclosed <> kapan
encloses <> kapsa
enclosing <> ilişt
enclosure <> çevir
enclosure <> çevre
enclosure <> çevri
enclosure <> çit
enclosure <> duvar
enclosure <> eklen
enclosure <> kapam
enclosure <> kuşat
enclosure <> muhaf
enclosures <> muhaf
encode <> şifre
encode <> kodla
encoded <> kodla
encoder <> enkod
encoders <> kodla
encodes <> kodla
encoding <> kodla
encodings <> kodla
encomium <> övgü
encomium <> kasid
encompass <> etraf
encompass <> kapsa
encompass <> kuşat
encompass <> kumpa
encompass <> neden
encompass <> sarma
encompassed <> kapsa
encompasses <> kapsa
encompasseth <> çepeç
encompassing <> kapsa
encore <> encor
encore <> istek
encore <> istem
encore <> ister
encore <> tekra
encore <> tezah
encore <> yenid
encores <> bis
encount <> karşı
encounted <> rastl
encounter <> çarpı
encounter <> dövüş
encounter <> eğiti
encounter <> karşı
encounter <> rastl
encounter <> tesad
encounter <> yüz 
encountered <> karşı
encountering <> karşı
encounters <> karşı
encourage <> özend
encourage <> cesar
encourage <> deste
encourage <> korum
encourage <> teşvi
encouraged <> teşvi
encouragement <> özend
encouragement <> cesar
encouragement <> teşvi
encouragement <> yürek
encouragements <> teşvi
encourages <> teşvi
encouraging <> özend
encouraging <> ümit
encouraging <> cesar
encouraging <> teşvi
encouraging <> yürek
encouragingly <> cesar
encroach <> kötüy
encroach <> sokul
encroach <> tecâv
encroach <> zarar
encroached <> tecav
encroaching <> tecav
encroachment <> aşma
encroachment <> el 
encroachment <> geçme
encroachment <> saldı
encroachment <> tecâv
encroachment <> zarar
encroachments <> tecav
encrust <> kabuk
encrust <> kapla
encrustation <> kabuk
encrustation <> kapla
encrustation <> süs
encrustations <> kabuk
encrusted <> kapla
encrusting <> kakma
encrypt <> şifre
encrypted <> şifre
encrypting <> şifre
encryption <> şifre
encryptions <> şifre
encrypts <> şifre
encumber <> engel
encumber <> sorum
encumber <> tıka
encumber <> yükle
encumbered <> ipote
encumbrance <> borç
encumbrance <> engel
encumbrance <> ipote
encumbrance <> sorum
encumbrance <> yüküm
encumbrance <> yük
encumbrancer <> alaca
encumbrancer <> hak 
encumbrances <> bağla
encyclic <> Papa'
encyclic <> bir 
encyclic <> düzen
encyclical <> Papa'
encyclical <> bir 
encyclical <> düzen
encyclopaedia <> ansik
encyclopaedias <> ansik
encyclopaedic <> ansik
encyclopaedical <> ansik
encyclopedia <> ansik
encyclopedias <> ansik
encyclopedic <> ansik
encyclopedical <> ansik
encyst <> kese
encystment <> kese
end <> ölüm
end <> ölmek
end <> akıbe
end <> bitir
end <> bitme
end <> erek
end <> izmar
end <> kafa
end <> kalın
end <> son
end <> son 
end <> sona
end <> sonuç
end <> sonuc
end <> sonun
end <> taraf
end <> uç
end <> yok 
endanger <> tehli
endangered <> tehli
endangering <> riske
endangering <> tehli
endangerment <> tehli
endangers <> tehli
endarterectomy <> endar
endear <> sevdi
endearing <> çekic
endearing <> şefkâ
endearing <> alıml
endearing <> cazip
endearing <> sevec
endearingly <> sevim
endearment <> okşay
endearment <> tatlı
endeavor <> çaba
endeavor <> çabal
endeavor <> çalış
endeavor <> gayre
endeavor <> uğraş
endeavored <> çaba
endeavoring <> çabal
endeavors <> çabal
endeavour <> çaba
endeavour <> çabal
endeavour <> çalış
endeavour <> gayre
endeavour <> uğraş
endeavoured <> çaba
endeavouring <> çabal
endeavours <> çabal
ended <> sona
endemic <> özgü
endemic <> belir
endemic <> bitki
endemic <> sık 
endemic <> yöres
endemic <> yörey
endemic <> yaygı
endemically <> endem
endemicity <> endem
endemics <> endem
endemism <> endem
ender <> Ender
enders <> Ender
endgame <> oyuns
ending <> ölüm
ending <> bitir
ending <> ecel
ending <> son
ending <> sona
ending <> sonek
ending <> takı
endings <> sonla
endive <> hindi
endless <> ölüms
endless <> bitme
endless <> daimi
endless <> ebedi
endless <> sonsu
endless <> uçsuz
endlessly <> sonsu
endlessness <> devam
endlessness <> sonsu
endlong <> uzunl
endmost <> en
endmost <> en 
endnotes <> sonno
endobag <> tekni
endobronchial <> endob
endocardial <> endok
endocarditis <> endok
endocarditis <> kâlp
endocardium <> endok
endocardium <> içyür
endocervical <> endos
endochondral <> endok
endocrinal <> endok
endocrine <> endok
endocrine <> iç 
endocrines <> Endok
endocrinologic <> endok
endocrinological <> endok
endocrinologically <> endok
endocrinologist <> endok
endocrinologists <> endok
endocrinology <> endok
endocrinology <> iç 
endocrinopathies <> endok
endocrinopathy <> endok
endocytic <> endos
endocytosis <> endos
endodontic <> endod
endodontically <> endod
endodontics <> Endod
endogamy <> aile
endogamy <> endog
endogamy <> içerd
endogen <> endoj
endogenic <> endoj
endogenous <> endoj
endogenously <> endoj
endolith <> Endol
endolymphatic <> endol
endome <> endom
endometriosis <> Endom
endometritis <> endom
endomorphic <> endom
endomorphism <> Endom
endomorphisms <> endom
endomorphy <> Endom
endomyocardial <> endom
endomyometritis <> endom
endomysial <> endom
endoneurial <> endon
endonuclease <> endon
endonucleases <> endon
endoparasite <> asala
endoparasite <> içpar
endoparasites <> endo
endopeptidase <> endop
endopeptidases <> endop
endophthalmitis <> endof
endophytic <> endof
endoplasmic <> endop
endoprosthesis <> endop
endorectal <> endor
endorphin <> endor
endorphins <> endor
endorse <> arkas
endorse <> ciro
endorse <> deste
endorse <> haval
endorse <> onayl
endorsed <> onayl
endorsee <> ciro
endorsee <> lehda
endorsement <> açıkl
endorsement <> ciro
endorsement <> deste
endorsement <> haval
endorsement <> onay
endorsements <> Cirol
endorser <> ciran
endorser <> ciro
endorser <> ciroc
endorses <> onayl
endorsing <> onayl
endosalpingiosis <> Endos
endoscope <> endos
endoscope <> vücut
endoscopes <> endos
endoscopic <> endos
endoscopical <> endos
endoscopically <> endos
endoscopies <> endos
endoscopist <> endos
endoscopists <> endos
endoscopy <> endos
endoskeletal <> iskel
endoskeleton <> iç
endoskeleton <> iç 
endosomes <> endoz
endosperm <> besid
endospermic <> endos
endospores <> endos
endosseous <> endos
endosymbionts <> endos
endosymbiosis <> endos
endosymbiotic <> endos
endothelial <> endot
endothelin <> endot
endothelins <> Endot
endothelium <> endot
endothermic <> endot
endotoxic <> endot
endotoxin <> endot
endotoxins <> endot
endotracheal <> endot
endourology <> Endoü
endovaginal <> endov
endovenous <> endov
endow <> bağış
endow <> bahşe
endow <> gelir
endow <> verme
endowed <> bahşe
endowed <> veril
endowment <> Allah
endowment <> bağış
endowment <> bahşe
endowments <> bağış
endplate <> son
endplates <> uç
endpoint <> son
endpoints <> bitiş
ends <> biter
endurable <> çekil
endurable <> katla
endurance <> dayan
endurance <> devam
endurance <> katla
endurance <> sürek
endurance <> sabır
endurance <> taham
endurant <> dayan
endure <> dayan
endure <> devam
endure <> dişin
endure <> durma
endure <> katla
endure <> sürme
endure <> sabre
endure <> var 
endured <> dayan
endures <> dayan
enduring <> baki
enduring <> dayan
enduring <> sürek
enduring <> sabır
enduring <> uzun
enduringly <> kalıc
endways <> dik 
endways <> uç
endways <> uç 
endways <> ucu 
endwise <> dik 
endwise <> uç
endwise <> uç 
endwise <> ucu 
endymion <> Endym
enema <> lavma
enemas <> lavma
enemies <> düşma
enemy <> düşma
enemy <> hasım
energetic <> çalış
energetic <> enerj
energetic <> faal
energetic <> güçlü
energetic <> kuvve
energetically <> enerj
energetics <> enerj
energic <> enerj
energies <> enerj
energisation <> köprü
energise <> enerj
energise <> güç 
energise <> harek
energised <> akım
energised <> enerj
energises <> enerj
energising <> enerj
energization <> enerj
energize <> enerj
energize <> güç 
energize <> harek
energized <> akım
energized <> enerj
energizer <> Energ
energizers <> ejern
energizes <> enerj
energizing <> enerj
energometer <> Energ
energumen <> cin 
energumen <> fanat
energy <> enerj
energy <> erke
energy <> güç
energy <> gayre
energy <> kuvve
enervate <> cesar
enervate <> gevşe
enervate <> kuvve
enervate <> moral
enervate <> zayıf
enervation <> gevşe
enervation <> moral
enervation <> zayıf
enews <> eNews
enfeeble <> halsi
enfeeble <> kuvve
enfeebled <> zayıf
enfeoff <> tımar
enfeoffment <> tımar
enfilade <> bir 
enfilade <> taram
enfilade <> yan 
enfile <> ENFIL
enfold <> kıvır
enfold <> katla
enfold <> kucak
enfold <> paket
enfold <> sarma
enfolds <> kapla
enforce <> güçle
enforce <> infaz
enforce <> sözün
enforce <> uygul
enforce <> zorla
enforceability <> uygul
enforceable <> dava
enforceable <> uygul
enforceable <> yürür
enforced <> mecbu
enforced <> zorun
enforcedly <> baskı
enforcedly <> mecbu
enforcedly <> zorun
enforcement <> infaz
enforcement <> uygul
enforcement <> zorla
enforcements <> uygul
enforcers <> uygul
enforces <> zorla
enforcing <> uygul
enframe <> çerçe
enfranchise <> azat
enfranchise <> hak 
enfranchise <> kabul
enfranchise <> oy 
enfranchise <> serbe
enfranchise <> sorum
enfranchisement <> azat
enfranchisement <> hak 
enfranchisement <> oy 
enfranchisement <> vatan
engage <> çarpı
engage <> çekme
engage <> bağla
engage <> garan
engage <> işe 
engage <> kulla
engage <> meşgu
engage <> söz 
engage <> tutma
engaged <> bağla
engaged <> dolu
engaged <> meşgu
engaged <> nişan
engaged <> rezer
engaged <> tutul
engagement <> çarpı
engagement <> birbi
engagement <> nişan
engagement <> rande
engagement <> söz
engagement <> sözle
engagement <> sorum
engagement <> taahh
engagement <> uğraş
engagement <> yüküm
engagements <> nişan
engages <> sapma
engaging <> çekic
engaging <> alıml
engaging <> birbi
engaging <> kavra
engaging <> sempa
engender <> doğur
engender <> neden
engendered <> doğur
engendering <> sokar
engine <> alet
engine <> itfai
engine <> lokom
engine <> makin
engine <> motor
engined <> motor
engineer <> çarkç
engineer <> düzen
engineer <> mühen
engineer <> makin
engineer <> tekni
engineer <> yapma
engineered <> mühen
engineering <> istih
engineering <> mühen
engineers <> mühen
engineman <> makin
engineman <> motor
enginer <> Engin
engines <> motor
engird <> kemer
engird <> kuşat
engirdle <> kemer
engirdle <> kuşat
engle <> Engle
english <> İngil
engobe <> Engob
engobes <> astar
engorge <> fazla
engorge <> tıkın
engorge <> tıkam
engorge <> yutma
engorged <> tıkal
engorged <> tıkan
engorgement <> Şişki
engraft <> aşıla
engraft <> dikme
engraft <> sokma
engraft <> yerle
engraftment <> engra
engraftments <> engra
engrain <> boyam
engrain <> ham 
engrain <> içine
engrained <> danis
engrained <> kökle
engrained <> tam
engrained <> yerle
engram <> belle
engram <> hücre
engram <> uyarı
engraulidae <> Engra
engraulis <> Engra
engrave <> hakke
engrave <> işlem
engrave <> kabar
engrave <> oymak
engraved <> kazın
engravement <> öykül
engraver <> hakkâ
engraver <> oymac
engravers <> gravü
engraving <> gravü
engraving <> hakka
engraving <> işlem
engraving <> oyma
engraving <> oymac
engravings <> gravü
engross <> çekme
engross <> cezbe
engross <> dalma
engross <> dikka
engross <> hazır
engross <> resmi
engross <> tekel
engross <> temiz
engrossed <> düşün
engrossed <> dalgı
engrossed <> dalmı
engrossed <> meşgu
engrossing <> çekic
engrossing <> düşün
engrossing <> ilgin
engrossing <> zihni
engrossment <> dalma
engrossment <> meşgu
engrossment <> piyas
engrossment <> stokl
engrossment <> temiz
engulf <> dalıp
engulf <> içine
engulf <> yutma
engulf <> yutul
engulfed <> yuttu
engulfing <> içine
engulfment <> yutul
enhance <> abart
enhance <> artır
enhance <> büyüt
enhance <> yükse
enhanced <> geliş
enhancement <> artış
enhancement <> artır
enhancement <> geliş
enhancements <> geliş
enhancer <> arttı
enhancers <> arttı
enhances <> geliş
enhancing <> artır
enhydrous <> sulu
eniac <> ENIAC
enigma <> anlaş
enigma <> bilme
enigma <> esrar
enigma <> gizem
enigma <> muamm
enigmas <> gizem
enigmatic <> bilme
enigmatic <> esrar
enigmatic <> gizem
enigmatical <> bilme
enigmatical <> esrar
enigmatical <> gizem
enigmatize <> anlaş
enigmatize <> bilin
enigmatize <> bilme
enjoin <> empoz
enjoin <> emret
enjoin <> istem
enjoin <> menet
enjoin <> yasak
enjoined <> farz
enjoineth <> emred
enjoy <> beğen
enjoy <> haz 
enjoy <> hoşla
enjoy <> hoşun
enjoy <> sahip
enjoy <> sevme
enjoy <> tadın
enjoy <> yarar
enjoy <> zevk
enjoyable <> eğlen
enjoyable <> hoş
enjoyable <> tadı
enjoyable <> yenil
enjoyable <> zevkl
enjoyably <> keyif
enjoyed <> zevk
enjoying <> zevk
enjoyment <> ağız
enjoyment <> beğen
enjoyment <> haz
enjoyment <> hoşla
enjoyment <> yarar
enjoyment <> zevk
enjoys <> hoşla
enkephalins <> enkef
enkindle <> alevl
enkindle <> tutuş
enlace <> birbi
enlace <> dolam
enlace <> sarma
enlaces <> Enlac
enlarge <> ayrın
enlarge <> büyüm
enlarge <> büyüt
enlarge <> geliş
enlarge <> geniş
enlarge <> uzatm
enlarged <> geniş
enlargement <> büyüm
enlargement <> büyüt
enlargement <> geniş
enlargement <> yayıl
enlargements <> geniş
enlargening <> geniş
enlarger <> agran
enlarger <> büyüt
enlargers <> agran
enlarges <> büyüt
enlarging <> büyüt
enlevement <> enlèv
enlight <> Enlig
enlighten <> öğret
enlighten <> aydın
enlighten <> bilgi
enlightened <> açık
enlightened <> aydın
enlightened <> kültü
enlightened <> okumu
enlighteners <> Aydın
enlightening <> aydın
enlightenment <> aydın
enlightenment <> ilim
enlightens <> aydın
enlist <> asker
enlist <> gönül
enlist <> kayır
enlist <> kayde
enlist <> sağla
enlisted <> kaydo
enlistment <> asker
enlistment <> elde
enlistment <> gönül
enlistment <> sağla
enliven <> canla
enliven <> ihya
enliven <> neşel
enlivening <> canla
enlivens <> canla
enmesh <> ağa 
enmesh <> tuzağ
enmities <> düşma
enmity <> düşma
enmity <> kin
enmity <> nefre
ennoble <> asill
ennoble <> soylu
ennoble <> yücel
ennoble <> yükse
ennobled <> yücel
ennoblement <> asale
ennoblement <> yücel
ennobling <> asale
ennobling <> yücel
ennui <> bıkkı
ennui <> can
ennui <> can 
enolase <> enola
enolate <> enola
enology <> enolo
enormity <> alçak
enormity <> büyük
enormity <> cinay
enormity <> iğren
enormity <> irili
enormity <> kötül
enormous <> azman
enormous <> büyük
enormous <> dağ 
enormous <> kocam
enormous <> kosko
enormous <> muazz
enormously <> çok
enormousness <> büyük
enormousness <> kocam
enosis <> Enosi
enough <> bıktı
enough <> kâfi
enough <> yeter
enounce <> öne
enounce <> öne 
enounce <> açıkç
enounce <> ifade
enow <> Enow
enoxaparin <> enoks
enplane <> uçağa
enqueued <> kuyru
enquire <> araşt
enquire <> sorma
enquire <> soruş
enquire <> soru
enquired <> sordu
enquirer <> Enqui
enquires <> sorgu
enquiries <> araşt
enquiries <> bilgi
enquiries <> kayna
enquiries <> soruş
enquiries <> soru
enquiring <> merak
enquiring <> soran
enquiring <> soruş
enquiry <> anket
enquiry <> araşt
enquiry <> bahis
enquiry <> danış
enquiry <> sorgu
enquiry <> soruş
enquiry <> soru
enquiry <> tahki
enquiry <> yokla
enrage <> çiled
enrage <> kızdı
enrage <> kudur
enraged <> çiled
enraged <> öfkel
enraged <> kızdı
enraged <> kudur
enrapt <> kendi
enrapt <> mest
enrapture <> aklın
enrapture <> mest
enrapture <> sevin
enraptured <> başım
enrich <> değer
enrich <> güçle
enrich <> koyul
enrich <> süsle
enrich <> yücel
enrich <> zengi
enriched <> zengi
enriches <> zengi
enriching <> zengi
enrichment <> kuvve
enrichment <> süs
enrichment <> süsle
enrichment <> zengi
enrichments <> zengi
enrobe <> elbis
enrobe <> giydi
enrober <> giydi
enrobing <> Kapla
enrol <> üye 
enrol <> adını
enrol <> asker
enrol <> kabul
enrol <> kayde
enrol <> yazıl
enrol <> yazma
enroll <> üye 
enroll <> adını
enroll <> asker
enroll <> kabul
enroll <> kayde
enroll <> yazıl
enroll <> yazma
enrolled <> alınd
enrolled <> kayde
enrollee <> Katıl
enroller <> kaydo
enrolling <> kayıt
enrollment <> asker
enrollment <> başvu
enrollment <> kütük
enrollment <> kayıt
enrollment <> kayde
enrollment <> kaydo
enrollment <> sicil
enrollment <> yazıl
enrollments <> kayıt
enrolls <> öğren
enrolment <> asker
enrolment <> başvu
enrolment <> kütük
enrolment <> kayıt
enrolment <> kayde
enrolment <> kaydo
enrolment <> sicil
enrolment <> yazıl
enrolments <> kayıt
ens <> soyut
ens <> var
ens <> var 
ensconce <> yerle
ensemble <> birli
ensemble <> döpiy
ensemble <> grup
ensemble <> toplu
ensemble <> uyuml
ensembles <> toplu
enshrine <> kutsa
enshrine <> sakla
enshrines <> tesis
enshroud <> örtme
enshroud <> gizle
enshroud <> kefen
ensign <> bayra
ensign <> deniz
ensign <> işare
ensign <> nişan
ensign <> rütbe
ensign <> sanca
ensign <> simge
ensilage <> ambar
ensilage <> siloy
ensilage <> yemle
ensile <> siloy
ensile <> yemle
ensiled <> silol
ensiling <> Silol
enslave <> esir
enslave <> köle
enslaved <> köle
enslavement <> esare
enslavement <> kölel
enslavement <> körü
enslaver <> esir
enslaver <> köle
enslaves <> kölel
enslaving <> kölel
ensnare <> kapan
ensnare <> tuzağ
enstatite <> ensta
ensue <> ardın
ensue <> doğma
ensue <> sonra
ensue <> sonuc
ensued <> ortay
ensuing <> ardın
ensuing <> ertes
ensuing <> sonra
ensure <> garan
ensure <> sağla
ensure <> sigor
ensured <> sağla
ensures <> sağla
ensuring <> sağla
entablature <> saçak
entablement <> kaide
entail <> şarta
entail <> gerek
entail <> kaosa
entail <> mülki
entail <> satıl
entail <> yol 
entailed <> gerek
entailing <> gerek
entailment <> gerek
entails <> gerek
entamoeba <> Entam
entangle <> başın
entangle <> bulaş
entangle <> dolaş
entangle <> karış
entangled <> çapra
entangled <> bulaş
entangled <> dolaş
entangled <> karış
entangled <> karma
entanglement <> diken
entanglement <> dolaş
entanglement <> engel
entanglement <> gönül
entanglement <> karma
entanglement <> zorlu
entangling <> sapla
entente <> Antan
entente <> anlaş
entente <> itila
entente <> uyuşm
ententes <> antan
enter <> gümrü
enter <> giriş
enter <> girme
enter <> içeri
enter <> katıl
enter <> kayde
enter <> kaydo
enter <> sahne
enter <> sokma
enter <> yazıl
enter <> yazma
enterally <> enter
enterectomy <> enter
entered <> girdi
enterer <> Giriş
entereth <> girme
enteric <> bağır
enteric <> ince
entering <> girme
enteritis <> enter
enteritis <> ince
enterobacter <> Enter
enterobacteria <> Enter
enterobacteriaceae <> Enter
enterobius <> Enter
enterocele <> enter
enterochromaffin <> enter
enteroclysis <> enter
enterococcal <> enter
enterococci <> enter
enterococcus <> enter
enterocolitis <> enter
enterocutaneous <> Enter
enterocyte <> enter
enterocytes <> enter
enteroendocrine <> enter
enterogastric <> enter
enterogastritis <> enter
enterogastritis <> mide-
enterohemorrhagic <> enter
enterohepatic <> enter
enteron <> bağır
enteropathic <> enter
enteropathica <> enter
enteropathogenic <> enter
enteropathy <> enter
enterostomy <> enter
enterotoxigenic <> enter
enterotoxin <> enter
enterotoxins <> enter
enterovirus <> enter
enteroviruses <> enter
enterprise <> atılı
enterprise <> atılg
enterprise <> cesar
enterprise <> giriş
enterprise <> kurul
enterprise <> kurum
enterprise <> teşeb
enterpriser <> müteş
enterprisers <> müteş
enterprises <> işlet
enterprising <> atılg
enterprising <> cesur
enterprising <> giriş
enterprising <> uyanı
enters <> girer
entertain <> ağırl
entertain <> aklın
entertain <> eğlen
entertain <> misaf
entertain <> oyala
entertained <> ağırl
entertainer <> ağırl
entertainer <> eğlen
entertainer <> göste
entertainers <> eğlen
entertaining <> eğlen
entertainment <> ağırl
entertainment <> alem
entertainment <> davet
entertainment <> eğlen
entertainment <> göste
entertainment <> misaf
entertainment <> ziyaf
entertainments <> eğlen
entertains <> eğlen
enthalpies <> ental
enthalpy <> ental
enthalpy <> toplu
enthesis <> entez
enthesitis <> entez
enthral <> büyül
enthral <> bağla
enthral <> esir
enthral <> etkil
enthrall <> büyül
enthrall <> bağla
enthrall <> esir
enthrall <> etkil
enthralled <> büyül
enthralling <> çekic
enthralling <> büyül
enthralling <> hayra
enthrallment <> büyül
enthrallment <> esare
enthrallment <> kölel
enthrallment <> kendi
enthralment <> büyül
enthralment <> esare
enthralment <> kölel
enthralment <> kendi
enthrals <> büyül
enthrone <> başın
enthrone <> gökle
enthrone <> taç 
enthrone <> tahta
enthroned <> baş
enthronement <> taç
enthronement <> taç 
enthronement <> tahta
enthuse <> azmet
enthuse <> balla
enthuse <> bayıl
enthuse <> coşma
enthuse <> coştu
enthuse <> gayre
enthuse <> hayra
enthusiasm <> şevk
enthusiasm <> coşku
enthusiasm <> gayre
enthusiasm <> hayra
enthusiasm <> heves
enthusiasm <> heyec
enthusiasm <> istek
enthusiasms <> istek
enthusiast <> ateşl
enthusiast <> coşku
enthusiast <> hayra
enthusiast <> istek
enthusiast <> merak
enthusiastic <> ateşl
enthusiastic <> can 
enthusiastic <> coşku
enthusiastic <> heves
enthusiastic <> istek
enthusiastically <> şevkl
enthusiasts <> merak
entia <> var
entia <> var 
entice <> ayart
entice <> başta
entice <> ikna
entice <> kandı
enticed <> cezbe
enticement <> ayart
enticement <> başta
enticement <> cazib
enticement <> ikna
enticing <> ayart
enticing <> başta
enticing <> cazib
enticing <> cazip
enticing <> fetta
enticing <> işvel
entire <> bütün
entire <> hepsi
entire <> iğdiş
entire <> katış
entire <> saf
entire <> tüm
entire <> tam
entirely <> büsbü
entirely <> bütün
entirely <> başta
entirely <> tümüy
entirely <> tamam
entireness <> bütün
entirety <> bütün
entirety <> tüm
entirety <> tamlı
entisols <> Entis
entities <> kişil
entitle <> ünvan
entitle <> adlan
entitle <> hak 
entitle <> hakkı
entitle <> isiml
entitle <> yetki
entitled <> adlı
entitled <> ismin
entitlement <> ad 
entitlement <> hak
entitlement <> yetki
entitlements <> hakla
entitles <> hakkı
entitling <> hak
entity <> öz
entity <> tüzel
entity <> varlı
entity <> varol
entomb <> gömme
entomb <> mezar
entombed <> Gömül
entombment <> gömme
entombment <> mezar
entombs <> görmü
entomological <> böcek
entomologist <> böcek
entomologist <> entom
entomologists <> entom
entomology <> böcek
entomology <> entom
entomophagous <> entom
entourage <> çevre
entourage <> arkad
entourage <> muhit
entrails <> bağır
entrails <> iç 
entrain <> trene
entrained <> sürük
entrainer <> sürük
entraining <> sürük
entrainment <> sürük
entrance <> antre
entrance <> atılm
entrance <> büyül
entrance <> giriş
entrance <> girme
entrance <> hayra
entrance <> kapı
entrance <> kendi
entrance <> mest
entrance <> sahne
entranced <> kendi
entranced <> mest
entrancement <> büyül
entrancement <> mest
entrances <> giriş
entranceway <> Giriş
entranceways <> giriş
entrancing <> büyül
entrancing <> hayra
entrancing <> mest
entrant <> aday
entrant <> giren
entrant <> giriş
entrant <> kaydo
entrant <> yarış
entrants <> gelen
entrap <> ayart
entrap <> tuzağ
entrap <> yakal
entrapment <> tuzak
entrapped <> hapso
entrapping <> sürük
entreat <> üstel
entreat <> rica
entreat <> yalva
entreated <> Octav
entreaties <> yalva
entreatingly <> yalva
entreaty <> üstel
entreaty <> rica
entreaty <> yalva
entrecote <> antri
entree <> antre
entree <> başla
entree <> giriş
entrees <> mezel
entrench <> sağla
entrench <> siper
entrench <> yerle
entrenched <> değiş
entrenched <> sabit
entrenched <> yerle
entrenchment <> hende
entrenchment <> siper
entrepot <> antre
entrepot <> depo
entrepot <> ticar
entrepots <> antre
entrepreneur <> eğlen
entrepreneur <> giriş
entrepreneur <> mütea
entrepreneurial <> giriş
entrepreneurialism <> giriş
entrepreneurs <> giriş
entrepreneurship <> giriş
entrepreneurships <> Giriş
entresol <> asma
entrez <> Entre
entries <> girdi
entropic <> entro
entropies <> entro
entropion <> entro
entropy <> entro
entropy <> kulla
entrust <> emane
entrust <> görev
entrusted <> emane
entrusting <> görev
entrusts <> emane
entry <> antre
entry <> girdi
entry <> giriş
entry <> girme
entry <> kalem
entry <> kapı
entry <> katıl
entry <> kayıt
entry <> madde
entry <> sahne
ents <> velil
entwine <> bükme
entwine <> dolaş
entwine <> kıvır
entwine <> sarma
entwine <> tırma
entwined <> dolaş
entwining <> Kordo
entwist <> örmek
entwist <> bükme
entwist <> burma
entwist <> kıvır
entwist <> sarma
enucleate <> çıkar
enucleate <> açıkl
enucleate <> almak
enucleate <> aydın
enucleated <> enükl
enucleation <> enükl
enumerate <> belir
enumerate <> birer
enumerate <> sayıp
enumerate <> sayma
enumerated <> numar
enumerates <> numar
enumerating <> numar
enumeration <> döküm
enumeration <> sayım
enumerations <> numar
enumerator <> sayım
enumerators <> Sayim
enunciate <> bildi
enunciate <> iddia
enunciate <> ilan
enunciate <> ileri
enunciate <> kesin
enunciate <> söyle
enunciated <> alıma
enunciating <> ileri
enunciation <> ifade
enunciation <> ilan
enunciation <> ileri
enunciative <> belir
enunciative <> ifade
enure <> alışt
enure <> yürür
enuresis <> idrar
enuretic <> Enüre
enuretics <> olanl
envelop <> örtme
envelop <> kapla
envelop <> kuşat
envelop <> sarma
envelope <> örtü
envelope <> kılıf
envelope <> torba
envelope <> zarf
enveloped <> zarfl
envelopes <> zarfl
enveloping <> zarfl
envelopment <> örtme
envelopment <> kuşat
envelopment <> sarma
envelops <> Zarf
envenom <> aşıla
envenom <> doldu
envenom <> kızış
envenom <> zehir
envenomation <> zehir
envenoming <> zehir
enviable <> gıpta
enviable <> imren
enviable <> kıska
enviably <> gıpta
envie <> Envie
envied <> kıska
envier <> gıpta
envier <> kıska
envies <> kıska
envious <> gıpta
envious <> kıska
enviro <> Çevre
environ <> çevre
environ <> envir
environ <> etraf
environ <> kuşat
environics <> Envir
environment <> çevre
environment <> etraf
environment <> ortam
environmental <> çevre
environmentalism <> çevre
environmentalist <> çevre
environmentalist <> yeşil
environmentalists <> çevre
environmentally <> çevre
environments <> ortam
environs <> çevre
environs <> civar
environs <> dolay
environs <> etraf
envisage <> önced
envisage <> göze
envisage <> kafas
envisage <> tasav
envisaged <> öngör
envisagement <> tasar
envisages <> öngör
envisaging <> öngör
envision <> düşün
envision <> gözün
envisioned <> öngör
envisioning <> öngör
envisions <> öngör
envoi <> Envoi
envoy <> deleg
envoy <> elçi
envoy <> resul
envoy <> temsi
envoy <> yazar
envoys <> elçil
envy <> çekem
envy <> gözü
envy <> gıpta
envy <> haset
envy <> imren
envy <> kıska
envying <> kıska
enwrap <> dolam
enwrap <> sarma
enzian <> Enzia
enzootic <> enzoo
enzym <> enzim
enzymatic <> enzim
enzymatically <> enzim
enzyme <> enzim
enzyme <> ferme
enzymes <> enzim
enzymic <> çözüm
enzymology <> enzim
enzyms <> enzim
eohippus <> Eohip
eolian <> rüzgâ
eolianite <> eolin
eolianites <> eolin
eolithic <> eolit
eolithic <> taş 
eon <> çok 
eon <> ebedi
eon <> evren
eon <> sonsu
eons <> Eons
eosin <> eozin
eosine <> eozin
eosinophil <> eozin
eosinophile <> eozin
eosinophilia <> eozin
eosinophilic <> eozin
eosinophils <> eozin
eosphorite <> Eosfo
eparchy <> pisko
eparchy <> vilay
epaulet <> apole
epaulet <> omuzl
epaulette <> apole
epaulette <> omuzl
epaulettes <> apole
epee <> epe
epee <> eskri
epeeist <> epeci
epeirogenic <> epiro
epen <> Epen
ependymal <> epend
ependymoma <> epend
ependymomas <> epend
epenthesis <> bir 
epenthesis <> ses
epenthesis <> ses 
epergne <> sofra
epexegesis <> aydın
epexegesis <> belir
ephah <> Efa
ephedra <> efedr
ephedrin <> efedr
ephedrine <> efedr
ephelides <> Efeli
ephemera <> bir 
ephemera <> efeme
ephemera <> kısa
ephemeral <> fani
ephemeral <> geçic
ephemeral <> kısa
ephemerides <> yörün
ephemeris <> efeme
ephemeron <> efeme
ephemeron <> kısa
ephemeroptera <> Ephem
ephialtes <> Ephia
ephraim <> Ephra
ephraims <> Efray
epic <> desta
epic <> epik
epic <> epope
epic <> kahra
epical <> epik
epicardial <> epika
epicene <> ünise
epicene <> eril
epicene <> her 
epicenter <> can 
epicenter <> depre
epicenter <> merke
epicenters <> depre
epicentral <> episa
epicentre <> can 
epicentre <> depre
epicentre <> merke
epicentrum <> can 
epicentrum <> depre
epicentrum <> merke
epiclastic <> epikl
epicondylar <> epiko
epicondyle <> epiko
epicondylitis <> epiko
epicontinental <> epiko
epicrisis <> Epikr
epics <> desta
epicure <> damak
epicure <> keyfi
epicurean <> Epikü
epicurean <> yemek
epicurean <> zevk
epicureans <> Epiku
epicures <> düşkü
epicurism <> epikü
epicurism <> zevk
epicurus <> Epikü
epicycle <> dış
epicycle <> dış 
epicyclic <> dış 
epicyclic <> episi
epicycloid <> episi
epidemic <> epide
epidemic <> salgı
epidemic <> yaygı
epidemical <> salgı
epidemical <> yaygı
epidemics <> salgı
epidemiologic <> epide
epidemiological <> epide
epidemiologically <> epide
epidemiologist <> epide
epidemiologists <> epide
epidemiology <> epide
epidemiology <> salgı
epidemy <> epide
epiderm <> Epide
epidermal <> üst 
epidermal <> epide
epidermic <> üst
epidermic <> üst 
epidermis <> üst 
epidermis <> epide
epidermodysplasia <> Epide
epidermolysis <> epide
epidermolytic <> epide
epidermophyton <> Epide
epidiascope <> epidi
epidiascope <> proje
epididymal <> epidi
epididymectomy <> epidi
epididymides <> epidi
epididymidis <> epidi
epididymis <> epidi
epididymitis <> epidi
epididymo <> epidi
epidiorite <> Epidi
epidosite <> Epido
epidote <> epido
epidotization <> epido
epidotized <> epido
epidurals <> epidu
epigaea <> Epiga
epigastric <> epiga
epigastrium <> üst
epigastrium <> üst 
epigene <> üst 
epigene <> yeryü
epigenetic <> epige
epigenetics <> epige
epigenite <> Epije
epiglottic <> epigl
epiglottis <> epigl
epiglottis <> küçük
epiglottitis <> epigl
epigone <> epigo
epigram <> anıt
epigram <> epigr
epigram <> iğnel
epigram <> nükte
epigram <> taşla
epigram <> veciz
epigrammatic <> epigr
epigrammatic <> hiciv
epigrammatic <> nükte
epigrammatist <> nükte
epigrammatist <> veciz
epigrammatize <> epigr
epigrammatize <> hicve
epigrammatize <> nükte
epigraph <> özdey
epigraph <> epigr
epigraph <> kitab
epigraph <> yazıt
epigraphic <> yazıt
epigraphical <> epigr
epigraphies <> rölye
epigraphist <> yazıt
epigraphists <> Epigr
epigraphs <> epigr
epigraphy <> eski
epilate <> epila
epilated <> epila
epilating <> Epila
epilation <> epila
epilator <> epila
epilators <> epila
epilepsia <> epile
epilepsies <> epile
epilepsy <> epile
epilepsy <> sara
epileptic <> epile
epileptic <> saral
epileptic <> saray
epileptics <> epile
epilepticus <> epile
epileptogenic <> epile
epileptology <> epile
epilimnion <> Epili
epilithic <> epili
epilog <> son
epilog <> son 
epilog <> sonuç
epilogue <> son 
epilogue <> sonuç
epimedium <> Epime
epimer <> Epime
epimetheus <> Epime
epinephelus <> Epine
epinephrin <> epine
epinephrine <> epine
epiphanies <> Epiph
epiphany <> Epifa
epiphany <> Tanrı
epiphany <> görün
epiphora <> sulan
epiphyseal <> epifi
epiphyses <> epifi
epiphysiodesis <> epifi
epiphysiolysis <> epifi
epiphysis <> epifi
epiphyte <> asala
epiphytic <> epifi
epiphytotic <> epide
epiploic <> epipl
epiploica <> epipl
epirogenic <> epiro
epirubicin <> epiru
episcleral <> episk
episcleritis <> episk
episcopacy <> pisko
episcopal <> pisko
episcopalian <> pisko
episcopate <> pisko
episcope <> Pisko
episiotomy <> Epizy
episode <> bölüm
episode <> kısım
episode <> olay
episode <> perde
episodes <> bölüm
episodic <> aralı
episodic <> bölüm
episodic <> olayl
episodically <> nöbet
episomal <> epizo
epistatic <> epist
epistaxis <> epist
epistemic <> epist
epistemological <> epist
epistemologically <> epist
epistemologist <> bilgi
epistemology <> bilgi
epistemology <> epist
epistemophobia <> Epist
epistilbite <> Epist
epistle <> Yeni
epistle <> mektu
epistle <> name
epistles <> risal
epistolary <> mektu
epistyle <> sütun
epitaph <> kitab
epitaph <> mezar
epitaphs <> mezar
epitaxial <> epita
epitaxy <> epita
epithalamium <> düğün
epithelial <> epite
epithelialisation <> epite
epithelialization <> epite
epithelialized <> epite
epithelioid <> epite
epithelioma <> epite
epitheliomatous <> epite
epitheliopathy <> epite
epithelisation <> epite
epithelium <> epite
epithelium <> gözel
epithelization <> epite
epithelizing <> Dokul
epitheloid <> epite
epithermal <> epite
epithet <> hakar
epithet <> lakap
epithet <> sıfat
epithets <> lakap
epitome <> öz
epitome <> özet
epitome <> simge
epitome <> somut
epitomise <> örneğ
epitomise <> özetl
epitomised <> özetl
epitomises <> özetl
epitomising <> özetl
epitomize <> örneğ
epitomize <> özetl
epitomized <> özetl
epitomizes <> özetl
epitope <> epito
epitopes <> epito
epizone <> Üstku
epizoon <> dış
epizoon <> dış 
epizootic <> algın
epizootiology <> epizo
epizooty <> Epizo
epoch <> çağ
epoch <> dönem
epoch <> devir
epochal <> çığır
epochal <> yeni
epochs <> epok
eponym <> bir 
eponym <> soyun
epopee <> desta
epopee <> epik
epos <> desta
epos <> manzu
epoxidase <> epoks
epoxidation <> epoks
epoxide <> epoks
epoxides <> epoks
epoxidised <> epoks
epoxies <> epoks
epoxy <> epoks
eproms <> EPROM
epsilon <> epsil
epsilons <> Epsil
epsomite <> Epsom
epure <> Epure
equability <> ılıma
equability <> ılıml
equability <> değiş
equability <> denge
equable <> ılıma
equable <> ılıml
equable <> değiş
equable <> denge
equal <> akran
equal <> aynı
equal <> başab
equal <> bir 
equal <> düzen
equal <> denge
equal <> denk
equal <> dingi
equal <> eş
equal <> eş 
equal <> eşit
equal <> emsal
equal <> hayır
equal <> sakin
equal <> uygun
equal <> yaşıt
equal <> yanlı
equal <> yeter
equal <> yetiş
equaled <> egale
equaling <> eşit
equalisation <> balan
equalisation <> berab
equalisation <> denge
equalisation <> eşitl
equalisation <> uyuşm
equalise <> balan
equalise <> berab
equalise <> denge
equalise <> eşitl
equalised <> eşitl
equaliser <> berab
equaliser <> denge
equaliser <> ekola
equaliser <> taban
equalisers <> equal
equalising <> denge
equalitarian <> eşitl
equalities <> eşitl
equality <> denkl
equality <> eşitl
equality <> eşlik
equality <> seviy
equalization <> balan
equalization <> berab
equalization <> denge
equalization <> eşitl
equalization <> uyuşm
equalize <> balan
equalize <> berab
equalize <> denge
equalize <> eşitl
equalized <> eşitl
equalizer <> berab
equalizer <> denge
equalizer <> ekola
equalizer <> taban
equalizes <> eşitl
equalizing <> denge
equalled <> egale
equalling <> eşit
equally <> aynı
equally <> eşit
equals <> eşitt
equanimity <> ölçül
equanimity <> ağırb
equanimity <> sakin
equanimity <> temki
equant <> Equan
equate <> denkl
equate <> eşit
equate <> eşitl
equate <> kıyas
equated <> equat
equated <> ortal
equates <> eşitt
equation <> denge
equation <> denkl
equation <> eşitl
equations <> denkl
equator <> ekvat
equatorial <> ekvat
equatorially <> ekvat
equerry <> ahır
equerry <> emir
equerry <> kişis
equestrian <> atlı
equestrian <> binic
equestrianism <> Binic
equestrians <> binic
equiangular <> eşit
equidae <> tek
equidistance <> eşit
equidistant <> eşit
equidistant <> paral
equilateral <> eşit
equilateral <> eşken
equilateral <> ikizk
equilibrate <> balan
equilibrate <> denge
equilibrated <> denge
equilibration <> denge
equilibria <> denge
equilibrio <> Equil
equilibrist <> akrob
equilibrist <> denge
equilibrist <> ip
equilibrist <> ip 
equilibrium <> denge
equilibrium <> denkl
equilibrium <> karal
equilibrium <> taraf
equilibriums <> denge
equimolar <> ekimo
equine <> at
equine <> at 
equine <> ata 
equines <> at
equinoctial <> ekino
equinoctial <> ekvat
equinoctial <> gökse
equinoctial <> gündö
equinoctials <> gündö
equinovarus <> ekino
equinox <> ekino
equinox <> gündö
equinox <> gece
equinoxes <> ekino
equip <> donat
equip <> giydi
equip <> hazır
equip <> kuşat
equipage <> atlı
equipage <> donan
equipage <> teçhi
equipage <> yolcu
equiped <> donan
equiped <> donat
equiped <> kuşan
equipment <> araç
equipment <> doğuş
equipment <> donan
equipment <> ekipm
equipment <> gereç
equipment <> teçhi
equipments <> ekipm
equipoise <> denge
equipoise <> eşit
equipoise <> karşı
equipoise <> karar
equipollent <> eşgüç
equiponderant <> eşit
equipotent <> eşgüç
equipotential <> eşgüç
equipotentiality <> potan
equipped <> donan
equipped <> donat
equipped <> kuşan
equipper <> donat
equipping <> donat
equips <> donat
equitability <> eşitl
equitable <> adale
equitable <> adil
equitable <> eşitl
equitable <> insaf
equitable <> taraf
equitableness <> adale
equitableness <> taraf
equitably <> adila
equitation <> binic
equites <> equit
equities <> Hisse
equity <> öz
equity <> öz 
equity <> adale
equity <> aktör
equity <> eşitl
equity <> taraf
equivalence <> denkl
equivalence <> eşitl
equivalence <> karşı
equivalences <> eşdeğ
equivalencies <> eşitl
equivalency <> eşdeğ
equivalent <> bedel
equivalent <> denk
equivalent <> eşdeğ
equivalent <> eşit
equivalent <> eşitl
equivalent <> karşı
equivalently <> eşdeğ
equivalents <> eşdeğ
equivocal <> şüphe
equivocal <> belir
equivocal <> iki 
equivocal <> lasti
equivocalness <> belir
equivocalness <> iki
equivocalness <> iki 
equivocate <> kaçam
equivocate <> kelim
equivocate <> lasti
equivocation <> belir
equivocation <> kaçam
equivocation <> kelim
equivocator <> lasti
era <> çığır
era <> çağ
era <> devir
era <> tarih
eradiate <> ışın
eradiate <> saçma
eradiation <> ışın
eradiation <> saçma
eradicate <> kökün
eradicate <> yok
eradicate <> yok 
eradicated <> eradi
eradicates <> ortad
eradicating <> kökte
eradication <> eradi
eradication <> kökün
eradication <> yok 
eradicator <> silgi
eras <> dönem
erasable <> silin
erase <> öldür
erase <> kazım
erase <> silip
erase <> silme
erase <> temiz
erased <> sildi
eraser <> kazım
eraser <> silgi
erasers <> silgi
erases <> siler
erasing <> silme
erasion <> hasta
erasion <> kazım
erasion <> kazın
erasion <> silin
erasion <> silme
erasure <> kazın
erasure <> silin
erasure <> silme
erasures <> silme
erated <> toler
erathem <> Erate
erating <> garan
erative <> ameli
erato <> Erato
erds <> ERDs
ere <> önce
ere <> evvel
erebus <> Erebu
erect <> dik
erect <> diken
erect <> dikle
erect <> dikme
erect <> dimdi
erect <> ereks
erect <> inşa
erect <> kaldı
erect <> kalkı
erect <> kalkm
erect <> kurma
erected <> dikil
erectile <> dik 
erectile <> dikil
erectile <> ereks
erectile <> erekt
erecting <> dikme
erecting <> kurma
erecting <> monta
erection <> dikle
erection <> dikme
erection <> ereks
erection <> kurma
erection <> yapı
erections <> ereks
erectness <> açıkl
erectness <> dürüs
erectness <> dikle
erectness <> dikli
erector <> dik 
erector <> kuruc
erector <> organ
erectors <> Erect
ered <> kabul
eremitage <> Eremi
eremite <> inziv
erethism <> anorm
erethism <> ereti
eretmochelys <> Eretm
erewhile <> bir
erewhile <> bir 
erewhile <> bunda
erg <> enerj
erg <> erg
ergastic <> ergas
ergo <> bunda
ergo <> dolay
ergodic <> ergod
ergodicity <> ergod
ergogenic <> ergoj
ergoline <> ERGOl
ergometer <> Ergom
ergometers <> ergom
ergometric <> ergom
ergometry <> ergom
ergon <> erg
ergonometric <> ergon
ergonomic <> ergon
ergonomic <> harek
ergonomic <> iş 
ergonomically <> ergon
ergonomics <> ergon
ergonomist <> ergon
ergonomists <> ergon
ergonovine <> ergon
ergot <> çavda
ergotamine <> ergot
ergotherapy <> ergot
ergotic <> ergot
ergotism <> çavda
ergs <> erg
eridanus <> Erida
erin <> İrlan
erin <> erin
erinaceus <> Erina
erinite <> Erini
erins <> Erins
eriobotrya <> Eriob
erionite <> erion
eriophyidae <> Eriop
eristic <> tartı
erk <> hoşla
erme <> Erme
ermes <> Ermes
ermin <> Ermin
ermine <> as
ermine <> as 
ermine <> ermin
erne <> deniz
ernest <> Ernes
ernests <> Ernes
erode <> aşınd
erode <> kemir
erode <> sarsm
erode <> tüket
eroded <> aşınm
erodes <> aşınd
erodibility <> Araşt
eroding <> aşınd
erogenic <> cinse
erogenic <> eroje
erogenous <> cinse
erogenous <> eroje
eros <> aşk 
eros <> havac
erosion <> aşınd
erosion <> aşınm
erosion <> erozy
erosion <> kemir
erosion <> sarsm
erosional <> aşınm
erosions <> erozy
erosive <> aşınd
erotic <> cinse
erotic <> eroti
erotic <> seksi
erotica <> eroti
erotical <> eroti
erotically <> eroti
eroticism <> şehve
eroticism <> eroti
erotics <> Eroti
erotism <> eroti
erotomania <> eroto
err <> günah
err <> hata
err <> yanıl
err <> yanlı
errand <> ayak
errand <> bir 
errand <> getir
errant <> hatal
errant <> macer
errant <> serse
errant <> vefas
errant <> yanlı
errantry <> başıb
errantry <> macer
errantry <> serse
errata <> doğru
erratic <> düzen
erratic <> değiş
erratic <> gezen
erratic <> karar
erratic <> tuhaf
erratically <> düzen
erratum <> dizgi
erratum <> yanlı
erratum <> yazım
erring <> günah
erring <> hatal
erring <> vefas
erring <> yanlı
erroneous <> hatal
erroneous <> yanlı
erroneously <> yanlı
error <> falso
error <> hata
error <> suç
error <> yanıl
error <> yanlı
errorless <> hatas
errors <> hatal
ersatz <> aslın
ersatz <> yapay
ersatz <> yerin
erstwhile <> önced
erstwhile <> bir 
erstwhile <> eski
erstwhile <> eskid
erstwhile <> sabık
erstwhile <> vakti
erucic <> erusi
eructate <> geğir
eructate <> püskü
eructation <> geğir
eructation <> püskü
erudite <> alim
erudite <> bilge
erudite <> bilgi
erudite <> bilim
eruditely <> bilge
eruditely <> bilgi
erudition <> aliml
erudition <> bilge
erudition <> bilgi
erudition <> engin
erupt <> çıkag
erupt <> çıkma
erupt <> fışkı
erupt <> püskü
erupt <> patla
erupted <> patla
erupting <> patla
eruption <> diş 
eruption <> fışkı
eruption <> kabar
eruption <> püskü
eruption <> patla
eruptions <> patla
eruptive <> püskü
eruptive <> patla
eruptives <> erupt
erupts <> sürer
eryngium <> Eryng
erysipelas <> yılan
erysipeloid <> yılan
erysipelothrix <> Erysi
erysiphe <> Erysi
erythema <> iltih
erythema <> kızar
erythemal <> erite
erythemas <> erite
erythematodes <> erite
erythematosus <> erite
erythematous <> erite
erythraeidae <> Eryth
erythrasma <> Eritr
erythrina <> Eryth
erythrine <> Eritr
erythrite <> Eritr
erythrocyte <> alyuv
erythrocyte <> eritr
erythrocytes <> eritr
erythrocytic <> eritr
erythrocytosis <> eritr
erythroderma <> eritr
erythrodermia <> eritr
erythrodysesthesia <> eritr
erythroid <> eritr
erythrokeratoderma <> Eryth
erythrokeratodermia <> Eritr
erythromelalgia <> eritr
erythromycin <> eritr
erythroplakia <> eritr
erythropoiesis <> eritr
erythropoietic <> eritr
erythropoietin <> eritr
erythropoietins <> eritr
erythrose <> eritr
erythrosine <> tartr
erythroxylon <> Eryth
erythroxylum <> Eryth
escadrille <> Escad
escalade <> merdi
escalate <> çıkma
escalate <> artır
escalate <> kızış
escalate <> yükse
escalated <> yükse
escalating <> tırma
escalation <> gergi
escalation <> kızış
escalation <> pahal
escalation <> yükse
escalations <> artma
escalator <> enfla
escalator <> eskal
escalator <> yürüy
escalators <> yürüy
escalope <> şnitz
escalope <> eskal
escalope <> et 
escapade <> çılgı
escapade <> hoppa
escapade <> kaçam
escapades <> macer
escape <> aklın
escape <> atlat
escape <> dinle
escape <> firar
escape <> gözün
escape <> hatır
escape <> kaçış
escape <> kaçıp
escape <> kaçak
escape <> kaçma
escape <> kurtu
escape <> paçay
escape <> sızın
escape <> sızma
escaped <> kaçtı
escapee <> firar
escapee <> kaçak
escapees <> kaçak
escapement <> dakti
escapement <> saat
escaper <> Escap
escapes <> kaçar
escaping <> kaçan
escapism <> gerçe
escapist <> gerçe
escapist <> hayal
escapist <> roman
escapologist <> zinci
escapology <> Escap
escargot <> salya
escarp <> setin
escarpment <> eğiml
escarpment <> sert
escarpment <> setle
eschar <> kabuk
escharotomy <> eskar
eschatological <> eskat
eschatology <> eskat
eschaton <> Escha
escheat <> devle
escheat <> miras
escherichia <> Esche
eschew <> kaçın
eschew <> sakın
eschewed <> kaçın
eschews <> kaçın
eschynite <> Eşini
esclavage <> Escla
escort <> eşlik
escort <> eskor
escort <> korum
escort <> muhaf
escort <> refak
escorted <> eşlik
escorting <> eskor
escorts <> eskor
escot <> Escot
escribano <> Escri
escritoire <> çekme
escrow <> emane
escrow <> malın
escudo <> Esküd
esculapian <> tıbbi
esculapian <> tıp
esculapian <> tıp 
esculent <> yenir
escurial <> ESCUR
escutcheon <> arma
escutcheon <> armal
escutcheon <> isim
esential <> asıl
esential <> başlı
esential <> esans
esential <> esas
esential <> esasl
esential <> gerek
esential <> köklü
esential <> zorun
eskebornite <> Eskeb
esker <> Esker
esky <> Esky
esophageal <> özofa
esophageal <> yemek
esophagectomy <> özofa
esophagi <> özofa
esophagitis <> özofa
esophagogastric <> özofa
esophagogastroduodenoscopy <> özofa
esophagogastroscopy <> özofa
esophagogastrostomy <> özofa
esophagography <> özefa
esophagoscopies <> özofa
esophagoscopy <> özofa
esophagostomy <> özefa
esophagus <> yemek
esophagus <> yutak
esoteric <> özel
esoteric <> belli
esoteric <> ezote
esoteric <> gizli
esoterical <> bâtın
esoterically <> ezote
esotericism <> ezote
esotericists <> ezote
esoterism <> ezote
esotropia <> ezotr
esotropic <> ezotr
espaces <> Espac
espadon <> Espad
espadrilles <> Espad
espagnolette <> ispan
espagnolettes <> ispan
espalier <> kafes
espalier <> meyve
esparto <> sazda
especial <> özel
especial <> ayrı
especial <> baş
especially <> özell
especially <> bilha
esperance <> Esper
espionage <> casus
esplanade <> düzlü
esplanade <> gezin
esplanade <> meyda
espousal <> benim
espousal <> evlen
espousal <> kabul
espousal <> nişan
espousal <> nikâh
espouse <> başgö
espouse <> benim
espouse <> evlen
espouse <> nişan
espoused <> benim
espouses <> deste
espousing <> savun
espressivo <> Espre
espresso <> İtaly
espresso <> espre
espressos <> espre
esprit <> can
esprit <> neşe
esprit <> ruh
espy <> farke
espy <> görme
espy <> gözün
espy <> gözet
esquiline <> Esqui
esquire <> bey
esquire <> beyef
essay <> denem
essay <> giriş
essay <> kalkı
essayist <> denem
essays <> denem
essence <> öz
essence <> cevhe
essence <> esans
essence <> esas
essence <> nitel
essence <> ruh
essences <> esans
essential <> asıl
essential <> başlı
essential <> esans
essential <> esas
essential <> esasl
essential <> gerek
essential <> köklü
essential <> zorun
essentialism <> özcül
essentialist <> özcü
essentiality <> asıl
essentiality <> esas
essentiality <> zorun
essentially <> aslın
essentially <> aslen
essentially <> esase
essexite <> Eseks
establish <> belir
establish <> kanıt
establish <> kurma
establish <> pekiş
establish <> sapta
establish <> yapma
establish <> yerle
established <> belir
established <> kurul
established <> resmi
established <> sabit
established <> yerle
establisher <> kuruc
establishers <> kuruc
establishes <> kurar
establishing <> kuran
establishing <> sapta
establishment <> şirke
establishment <> birli
establishment <> kadro
establishment <> kurma
establishment <> kurul
establishment <> kurum
establishment <> resmi
establishments <> işyer
estaminet <> Estam
estampie <> Estam
estancia <> Estan
estate <> aşama
estate <> arazi
estate <> durum
estate <> emlâk
estate <> hal
estate <> mülk
estate <> malik
estate <> miras
estate <> sınıf
estate <> varlı
estates <> sitel
esteem <> addet
esteem <> değer
esteem <> inanm
esteem <> itiba
esteem <> kanı
esteem <> kanıs
esteem <> rağbe
esteem <> sanı
esteem <> saygı
esteem <> takdi
esteemed <> hatır
esteemed <> saygı
ester <> ester
esterase <> ester
esterases <> ester
esterification <> ester
esterified <> ester
esters <> ester
esthesia <> anest
esthete <> estet
esthete <> güzel
esthetic <> estet
esthetical <> estet
esthetically <> estet
esthetician <> estet
estheticians <> estet
estheticism <> estet
esthetics <> estet
esthetics <> güzel
estimable <> değer
estimable <> muhte
estimable <> saygı
estimate <> ölçüm
estimate <> biçme
estimate <> değer
estimate <> hüküm
estimate <> hesap
estimate <> kesti
estimate <> tahmi
estimate <> takdi
estimated <> tahmi
estimates <> tahmi
estimating <> tahmi
estimation <> değer
estimation <> fikir
estimation <> görüş
estimation <> itiba
estimation <> kanı
estimation <> keşif
estimation <> paha
estimation <> saygı
estimation <> tahmi
estimation <> takdi
estimations <> tahmi
estimator <> değer
estimator <> tahmi
estimators <> tahmi
estop <> önlem
estop <> engel
estop <> menet
estoppel <> öncek
estrade <> yükse
estradiol <> östra
estrange <> soğut
estrange <> uzakl
estrange <> yaban
estranged <> ayrıl
estranged <> soğum
estranged <> uzakl
estrangement <> ayırm
estrangement <> soğum
estrangement <> soğut
estrangement <> uzakl
estrangement <> yaban
estranges <> uzakl
estranging <> uzakl
estreat <> infaz
estreat <> mahke
estrin <> Estri
estriol <> östri
estrogen <> östro
estrogen <> estro
estrogenic <> östro
estrogens <> östro
estrone <> estro
estrous <> östru
estrus <> kızış
ests <> EMKT
estuarial <> haliç
estuaries <> haliç
estuarine <> haliç
estuary <> haliç
estuary <> nehir
esurient <> aç
esurient <> açgöz
esurient <> obur
eta <> Yunan
etage <> Etage
etalon <> Etalo
etalons <> Etalo
etamin <> Etami
etape <> Etape
etas <> ETAla
etatism <> devle
etatist <> devle
etcetera <> falan
etcetera <> ufak
etch <> asitl
etch <> hakke
etch <> iz 
etch <> kabar
etch <> oymak
etch <> yeret
etchant <> aşınd
etchants <> asitl
etched <> kazın
etcher <> hakka
etcher <> oymac
etching <> asitl
etching <> gravü
etching <> oymab
etchings <> gravü
eternal <> ölüms
eternal <> ölmez
eternal <> baki
eternal <> ebedi
eternal <> sonsu
eternalize <> ebedi
eternalize <> sonsu
eternally <> bitip
eternally <> ebedi
eternally <> sonsu
eternals <> ebedi
eterne <> Etern
eternities <> sonsu
eternity <> ölüms
eternity <> ahire
eternity <> ebedi
eternity <> sonsu
eternize <> ebedi
eternize <> sonsu
etesian <> etezy
etesian <> mevsi
etesian <> yıllı
ethambutol <> etamb
ethane <> etan
ethanol <> etano
ethanolamine <> etano
ethene <> etile
ethenol <> etano
ethenyl <> etani
ethephon <> Ethep
ether <> eter
ether <> gökyü
ether <> lokma
ethereal <> eter
ethereal <> eteri
ethereal <> gökse
ethereal <> hafif
ethereal <> ruhan
etherealize <> etere
etherealize <> ruhla
etheric <> eteri
etherification <> eteri
etherified <> eterl
etherize <> etere
etherize <> eterl
ethers <> eterl
ethic <> ahlâk
ethic <> etik
ethic <> reçet
ethic <> törel
ethical <> ahlâk
ethical <> etik
ethical <> reçet
ethical <> törel
ethically <> etik
ethicist <> ahlâk
ethics <> Etik
ethics <> ahlâk
ethics <> töreb
ethidium <> etidy
ethinyl <> etini
ethinylestradiol <> etini
ethiopia <> Etiyo
ethiopia <> Habeş
ethmoid <> kalbu
ethmoidal <> etmoi
ethnic <> ırksa
ethnic <> etnik
ethnical <> ırksa
ethnical <> etnik
ethnically <> etnik
ethnicism <> etnis
ethnicities <> etnik
ethnicity <> etnis
ethnics <> etnik
ethnobotanical <> Etnob
ethnobotany <> Etnob
ethnocentric <> etnos
ethnocentrism <> ırkçı
ethnocentrism <> yaban
ethnocides <> etnik
ethnocultural <> etnok
ethnographer <> etnog
ethnographers <> etnog
ethnographic <> etnog
ethnographical <> etnog
ethnographically <> etnog
ethnographies <> etnog
ethnography <> etnog
ethnography <> kavim
ethnolinguistics <> etnol
ethnologic <> etnol
ethnological <> etnol
ethnologist <> ırkbi
ethnologist <> etnol
ethnology <> ırkbi
ethnology <> etnol
ethnomusicologist <> etnom
ethnomusicology <> etnom
ethnopharmacology <> Etnof
ethnopsychology <> Etnop
ethological <> etolo
ethologist <> etolo
ethology <> etolo
ethology <> hayva
ethos <> ahlâk
ethos <> kültü
ethoxy <> etoks
eths <> Eths
ethyl <> etil
ethylamine <> etila
ethylbenzene <> etilb
ethylene <> etile
ethylenediamine <> etile
ethylenedioxy <> etile
ethylenes <> etile
ethylhexyl <> etilh
ethylmaleimide <> etilm
ethylparaben <> etilp
etic <> etik
etidronate <> etidr
etiolate <> ışıks
etiolate <> soldu
etiolated <> solmu
etiolation <> güneş
etiolation <> soldu
etiolation <> zayıf
etiologic <> etyol
etiological <> etyol
etiologically <> Etyol
etiologies <> neden
etiology <> etyol
etiology <> hasta
etiology <> neden
etiopathogenesis <> etyop
etiopathology <> etyop
etiquette <> etike
etiquette <> görgü
etiquettes <> kural
etodolac <> Etodo
etoiles <> Yıldı
etomidate <> etomi
etoposide <> etopo
etranger <> étran
etrangere <> étran
etrangers <> Etran
ettringite <> etren
etude <> etüt
etude <> tetki
etudes <> etüdl
etui <> Etui
etymologic <> etimo
etymologic <> kökte
etymological <> etimo
etymologically <> etimo
etymologies <> etimo
etymologist <> etimo
etymologist <> kökte
etymology <> dilin
etymology <> etimo
etymology <> kökte
etymon <> kök
etymon <> köken
etymon <> sözcü
eubacteria <> Eubac
eucalyptol <> ökali
eucalyptus <> okali
eucaryotes <> Ökary
eucaryotic <> ökary
euchre <> baskı
euchre <> bir 
euchre <> kurna
euclid <> Öklit
euclidean <> Öklid
euclidian <> Öklit
eudemon <> Eudem
eudemonism <> mutlu
eudemons <> Eudem
eudiometer <> gazöl
eudiometer <> odiyo
euge <> Euge
eugenia <> Eugen
eugenic <> insan
eugenicists <> ırkın
eugenics <> öjeni
eugenics <> genet
eugenolate <> öjeno
eugeosynclinal <> öjeos
euglena <> Eugle
euglenophyta <> Eugle
euglobulin <> öglob
euhemerism <> efsan
eukarya <> Ökary
eukaryote <> ökary
eukaryotes <> ökary
eukaryotic <> ökary
eukaryots <> Ökary
eulerian <> Euler
eulogies <> kasid
eulogised <> eulog
eulogising <> eulog
eulogist <> övgü
eulogist <> kasid
eulogist <> methi
eulogistic <> öven
eulogistic <> övgü
eulogize <> övmek
eulogize <> methe
eulogy <> övgü
eulogy <> övme
eulogy <> kasid
eulogy <> methi
eumenides <> Eumen
eunuch <> hadım
eunuch <> harem
eunuchoidal <> önüko
eupepsia <> iyi
eupepsia <> iyi 
eupepsia <> sindi
eupeptic <> şen
eupeptic <> hazme
eupeptic <> neşel
eupeptic <> sindi
euphemia <> Fırat
euphemism <> örtme
euphemism <> edebi
euphemisms <> değiş
euphemistic <> örtme
euphemistical <> örtme
euphemistically <> üstü
euphemize <> örtme
euphemize <> edebi
euphone <> Eupho
euphonic <> ahenk
euphonic <> kulağ
euphonious <> ahenk
euphonious <> hoş 
euphonium <> bakır
euphonium <> tüba
euphony <> ahenk
euphony <> kulağ
euphony <> ses 
euphorbia <> sütle
euphorbiaceae <> Eupho
euphoria <> öfori
euphoria <> mutlu
euphoria <> yerin
euphoria <> zinde
euphoric <> öfori
euphoric <> sevin
euphoric <> yerin
euphory <> öfori
euphory <> sevin
euphory <> yerin
euphrasy <> göz
euphrasy <> göz 
euphuism <> dolam
euphuism <> süslü
euphuism <> yapma
euphuistic <> süslü
euphuistic <> yapma
eureka <> buldu
eurhythmic <> ritmi
eurhythmic <> uyuml
eurhythmics <> ritmi
eurhythmics <> uyuml
euro <> euro
eurocheques <> Euro
euroland <> Eurol
europium <> Öropi
euros <> euro
euryarchaeota <> Eurya
eurydice <> Euryd
eurythmics <> Euryt
eustachian <> östak
eustatic <> östat
eutectic <> ötekt
eutectoid <> ötekt
euterpe <> Euter
euthanasia <> ötena
euthanasia <> ümits
euthanasia <> acısı
euthanatized <> ötena
euthanized <> ötena
euthymic <> ötimi
euthynnus <> Euthy
euthyroid <> ötiro
euthyroidism <> ötiro
eutrophic <> ötrof
eutrophication <> ötrof
euxine <> Euxin
evacuant <> müshi
evacuate <> boşal
evacuate <> tahli
evacuate <> vücut
evacuated <> tahli
evacuates <> tahli
evacuating <> tahli
evacuation <> boşal
evacuation <> dışkı
evacuation <> kaka
evacuation <> tahli
evacuations <> tahli
evacuator <> tahli
evacuee <> felâk
evacuee <> olağa
evacuees <> kurta
evade <> başın
evade <> kaçın
evade <> kaçam
evade <> kayta
evade <> kurtu
evade <> sakın
evade <> savuş
evade <> yan 
evaded <> yapma
evader <> kaçam
evader <> yırta
evader <> yan 
evaders <> kaçır
evading <> Evadi
evaginate <> içini
evaginate <> tersy
evaluate <> ölçme
evaluate <> değer
evaluate <> paha
evaluated <> değer
evaluates <> değer
evaluating <> değer
evaluation <> ölçüm
evaluation <> değer
evaluation <> paha
evaluations <> değer
evaluative <> değer
evaluator <> değer
evaluators <> değer
evanesce <> gözde
evanesce <> silin
evanesce <> yok 
evanescence <> evane
evanescence <> gözde
evanescence <> silin
evanescence <> yok 
evanescent <> fani
evanescent <> gözde
evanescent <> unutu
evangel <> İncil
evangel <> iyi 
evangel <> müjde
evangelic <> İncil
evangelic <> Prote
evangelical <> İncil
evangelical <> Prote
evangelicals <> Evang
evangeline <> Evang
evangelisation <> İncil
evangelism <> İncil
evangelism <> Prote
evangelism <> evang
evangelist <> İncil
evangelist <> evang
evangelist <> gezic
evangelistic <> Evang
evangelists <> misyo
evangelium <> Evang
evangelization <> İncil
evangelize <> İncil
evangelize <> Hrist
evangelized <> Hıris
evaporable <> Uçucu
evaporate <> buhar
evaporate <> uçmak
evaporate <> uçup
evaporate <> yok 
evaporated <> buhar
evaporated <> kısme
evaporates <> buhar
evaporating <> uçucu
evaporation <> buğul
evaporation <> buhar
evaporation <> uçup
evaporations <> buhar
evaporative <> evapo
evaporator <> buhar
evaporator <> evapo
evaporators <> buhar
evaporite <> evapo
evaporites <> evapo
evaporitic <> evapo
evapotranspiration <> evapo
evasion <> bahan
evasion <> kaçın
evasion <> kaçır
evasion <> kaçam
evasion <> sakın
evasions <> kacin
evasive <> başta
evasive <> kaçam
evasively <> kaçam
evasiveness <> başta
evasiveness <> kaçam
eve <> Havva
eve <> akşam
eve <> arife
even <> çift
even <> üstel
even <> başab
even <> bile
even <> düz
even <> düz 
even <> düzen
even <> düzle
even <> dahi
even <> denge
even <> eşit
even <> fit 
even <> hatta
even <> sakin
even <> tam
evenements <> événe
evenes <> Evene
evenfall <> Evenf
evenhandedness <> taraf
evening <> akşam
evening <> son 
evening <> suare
evenings <> Akşam
evenly <> başab
evenly <> düz 
evenly <> eşit
evenly <> hizal
evenly <> tam 
evenly <> yatay
evenness <> dürüs
evenness <> düzlü
evenness <> doğru
evenness <> eşitl
evenness <> huzur
evenness <> taraf
evens <> eşitl
evensong <> akğam
evensong <> akşam
event <> akıbe
event <> durum
event <> hadis
event <> hal
event <> karşı
event <> maç
event <> olay
event <> olgu
event <> sonuç
event <> vaka
event <> yarış
eventful <> öneml
eventful <> ciddi
eventful <> macer
eventful <> olayl
eventide <> akşam
eventless <> olays
eventration <> evant
events <> olayl
eventual <> muhte
eventual <> nihai
eventual <> olası
eventual <> son 
eventual <> sonuç
eventualities <> olası
eventuality <> ihtim
eventuality <> olası
eventually <> netic
eventually <> nihay
eventually <> sonuç
eventually <> sonun
eventuate <> çıkma
eventuate <> meyda
eventuate <> olmak
eventuate <> sonuç
eventuated <> gerçe
ever <> asla
ever <> daima
ever <> gider
ever <> gitgi
ever <> hep
ever <> her 
ever <> hiç
ever <> olabi
everafter <> Evera
everchanging <> Everc
everglade <> batak
everglades <> Everg
evergreen <> ölmey
evergreen <> eskim
evergreen <> hep 
evergreen <> unutu
evergreen <> yapra
evergreens <> herde
everich <> Everi
everlasting <> ölüms
everlasting <> bitme
everlasting <> devam
everlasting <> ebedi
everlasting <> kurut
everlasting <> sık 
everlasting <> sonsu
everlasting <> uzun
everlastingly <> ebedi
everlastingly <> sürek
everlastingly <> sonsu
evermore <> daima
evermore <> devam
evermore <> ebedi
evermore <> hep
evermore <> her 
evermore <> sürek
eversion <> içini
eversion <> ters
eversion <> tersy
evert <> içini
evert <> ters
evert <> tersy
everted <> evert
everting <> kapak
everts <> Evert
every <> Her
every <> bütün
every <> her
every <> her 
everybody <> herke
everyday <> adi
everyday <> basit
everyday <> günde
everyday <> günlü
everyday <> her 
everyday <> olağa
everyday <> orta
everyday <> vasat
everydayness <> günde
everydays <> hergü
everyman <> sırad
everyman <> sokak
everyone <> her 
everyone <> herke
everyones <> herke
everyplace <> Every
everything <> en 
everything <> her
everything <> her 
everythings <> Herşe
everywhere <> her
everywhere <> her 
everywoman <> Every
evict <> mahke
evict <> tahli
evict <> yasal
evicted <> tahli
eviction <> kanun
eviction <> mahke
eviction <> tahli
evictions <> tahli
evidence <> şahit
evidence <> açıkl
evidence <> belir
evidence <> bulgu
evidence <> delil
evidence <> göste
evidence <> göze
evidence <> ifade
evidence <> ispat
evidence <> iz
evidence <> kanıt
evidence <> tanık
evidenced <> kanıt
evidences <> delil
evidencing <> dair
evident <> açık
evident <> aşikâ
evident <> apaçı
evident <> belir
evident <> besbe
evident <> ortad
evidential <> aşikâ
evidential <> apaçı
evidential <> delil
evidential <> inand
evidential <> kanıt
evidential <> ortad
evidentiary <> aşikâ
evidentiary <> apaçı
evidentiary <> delil
evidentiary <> inand
evidentiary <> kanıt
evidentiary <> ortad
evidently <> açıkç
evidently <> aşikâ
evidently <> apaçı
evidently <> besbe
evidently <> gözle
evil <> şanss
evil <> aksi
evil <> belâ
evil <> dert
evil <> fena
evil <> günah
evil <> kötü
evil <> kötül
evil <> kem
evil <> musib
evil <> tâlih
evil <> uğurs
evil <> zarar
evilly <> kötü
evils <> kötül
evince <> açığa
evince <> açıkç
evince <> belli
evirate <> hadım
evirate <> zayıf
eviscerate <> bağır
eviscerate <> en 
eviscerate <> içini
eviscerated <> parça
evisceration <> bağır
evisceration <> içini
evitable <> kaçın
evocation <> çağrı
evocation <> akla
evocation <> hatır
evocation <> ruh
evocation <> ruh 
evocative <> çağır
evocative <> andır
evocative <> hatır
evocator <> Çagir
evocators <> Çağır
evohe <> Evohe
evoke <> çağrı
evoke <> anıms
evoke <> hatır
evoke <> ruh 
evoke <> uyand
evoke <> yol 
evoked <> uyarı
evokes <> çağrı
evoking <> çağrı
evolute <> evolü
evolution <> açılı
evolution <> açılm
evolution <> arka
evolution <> evrim
evolution <> geliş
evolution <> kök 
evolution <> verme
evolution <> yayma
evolutional <> evrim
evolutionally <> evrim
evolutionarily <> evrim
evolutionary <> evrim
evolutionary <> geliş
evolutionism <> evrim
evolutionist <> evrim
evolutionists <> Evrim
evolutions <> açılı
evolve <> çıkar
evolve <> açmak
evolve <> evrim
evolve <> geliş
evolve <> yayma
evolved <> evrim
evolver <> Evolv
evolves <> geliş
evolving <> geliş
ewe <> koyun
ewe <> marya
ewer <> ibrik
ewers <> ibrik
ewes <> Koyun
ewk <> EWK
ewt <> EWT
ex <> öncek
ex <> -de t
ex <> -den
ex <> -sız
ex <> -siz
ex <> eski
ex <> olmad
ex <> olmak
ex <> sabık
exabyte <> Exaby
exacerbate <> şidde
exacerbate <> alevl
exacerbate <> azdır
exacerbate <> kötül
exacerbate <> kızdı
exacerbate <> sinir
exacerbated <> şidde
exacerbating <> kötül
exacerbation <> şidde
exacerbation <> alevl
exacerbation <> azdır
exacerbation <> sinir
exacerbations <> alevl
exact <> ısrar
exact <> dakik
exact <> dayat
exact <> doğru
exact <> gerçe
exact <> gerek
exact <> istem
exact <> kati
exact <> kesin
exact <> sert
exact <> tamı
exact <> tam
exact <> titiz
exact <> zorla
exacta <> Exact
exacting <> detay
exacting <> hoşgö
exacting <> müşkü
exacting <> sert
exacting <> titiz
exacting <> zahme
exacting <> zor
exacting <> zor 
exaction <> ısrar
exaction <> haraç
exaction <> zorla
exactitude <> doğru
exactitude <> katiy
exactitude <> kesin
exactitude <> tamlı
exactly <> çok 
exactly <> aynen
exactly <> doğru
exactly <> kesin
exactly <> tamı
exactly <> tam
exactly <> tam 
exactly <> tamam
exactly <> titiz
exactness <> doğru
exactness <> hatas
exactness <> kesin
exactness <> tamlı
exacts <> bakin
exaggerate <> şişir
exaggerate <> aşırı
exaggerate <> abart
exaggerate <> büyüt
exaggerate <> ileri
exaggerated <> şişir
exaggerated <> aşırı
exaggerated <> abart
exaggeratedly <> şişir
exaggeratedly <> aşırı
exaggeratedly <> abart
exaggerates <> abart
exaggerating <> abart
exaggeration <> aşırı
exaggeration <> abart
exaggeration <> büyüt
exaggeration <> mübâl
exaggerations <> abart
exaggerative <> abart
exaggerator <> abart
exaggerator <> bire
exalt <> övmek
exalt <> artır
exalt <> güçle
exalt <> gurur
exalt <> heyec
exalt <> yücel
exalt <> yükse
exaltation <> övme
exaltation <> coşku
exaltation <> heyec
exaltation <> yücel
exaltation <> yükse
exalted <> övgü
exalted <> büyük
exalted <> coşku
exalted <> engin
exalted <> yüce
exalted <> yükse
exalting <> yücel
exalts <> dalga
exam <> imtih
exam <> muaye
exam <> sınav
examination <> incel
examination <> kontr
examination <> muaye
examination <> sınav
examination <> soruş
examination <> tahki
examination <> tefti
examination <> tetki
examination <> yokla
examinations <> sınav
examine <> denet
examine <> eleşt
examine <> incel
examine <> muaye
examine <> sınam
examine <> sınav
examine <> sorgu
examine <> yokla
examined <> muaye
examinee <> sınan
examinee <> sınav
examinees <> sınav
examiner <> müfet
examiner <> muaye
examiner <> sınav
examiner <> sınay
examiner <> sorgu
examiners <> sınav
examines <> incel
examining <> incel
examplar <> Examp
examplary <> Örnek
example <> Örneğ
example <> örnek
example <> ders
example <> ibret
example <> misal
exampled <> örnek
examples <> örnek
exampling <> örnek
exams <> Sınav
exanimate <> ölü
exanimate <> cansı
exanthem <> egzan
exanthema <> çiçek
exanthema <> eksan
exanthema <> kabar
exanthematic <> EKSAN
exanthematous <> ekzan
exanthems <> dökün
exarch <> pisko
exarch <> vali
exarchate <> pisko
exarchate <> vilay
exasperate <> öfked
exasperate <> şidde
exasperate <> deli
exasperate <> kızdı
exasperated <> bıkkı
exasperating <> çiled
exasperating <> öfkel
exasperation <> çiled
exasperation <> öfke
exasperation <> hidde
excalibur <> Excal
excavate <> kazı
excavate <> kazma
excavate <> oymak
excavated <> Kazıl
excavates <> kazdı
excavating <> kazı
excavation <> çukur
excavation <> hafri
excavation <> kazı
excavation <> kazma
excavation <> oyuk
excavations <> hafri
excavations <> kazı
excavator <> ekska
excavator <> hafri
excavator <> kazı
excavator <> kazma
excavators <> ekska
exceed <> aşırı
exceed <> aşmak
exceed <> geçme
exceed <> haddi
exceed <> ileri
exceed <> sınır
exceedance <> aşım
exceedances <> aşmal
exceeded <> aşıld
exceeding <> ölçüs
exceeding <> aşırı
exceeding <> aşan
exceeding <> olağa
exceedingly <> fazla
exceedingly <> son
exceedingly <> son 
exceeds <> aşıyo
excel <> üstün
excel <> excel
excel <> gölge
excel <> geçme
excel <> sivri
excelled <> sivri
excellence <> üstün
excellence <> mükem
excellences <> mükem
excellencies <> Eksel
excellency <> Eksel
excellency <> hazre
excellent <> üstün
excellent <> kusur
excellent <> mükem
excellent <> nefis
excellent <> seçki
excellently <> mükem
excelling <> mükem
excels <> üstün
excelsior <> daha
excelsior <> talaş
excelsior <> yonga
except <> ayırm
except <> başka
except <> dışın
except <> hariç
except <> haric
except <> itira
except <> karşı
except <> olmaz
except <> yoksa
excepted <> hariç
excepting <> başka
excepting <> dışın
excepting <> hariç
exception <> ayrım
exception <> hariç
exception <> istis
exception <> kural
exception <> sırad
exceptionable <> itira
exceptionable <> yakış
exceptional <> ender
exceptional <> fevka
exceptional <> istis
exceptional <> nadir
exceptional <> olağa
exceptionalism <> istis
exceptionally <> fevka
exceptionally <> istis
exceptionally <> son
exceptionally <> son 
exceptions <> istis
excepts <> olağa
excerpt <> özel
excerpt <> alınt
excerpt <> seçme
excerpta <> Excer
excerpts <> alınt
excess <> ölçüs
excess <> aşırı
excess <> fazla
excess <> ilave
excess <> taşkı
excesses <> aşırı
excessive <> ölçüs
excessive <> aşırı
excessive <> azgın
excessive <> fahiş
excessive <> fazla
excessive <> haddi
excessive <> lüzum
excessive <> taşkı
excessively <> çok 
excessively <> aşırı
excessively <> fazla
excessiveness <> aşırı
exchange <> çevir
exchange <> Döviz
exchange <> almak
exchange <> borsa
exchange <> bozdu
exchange <> bozma
exchange <> değiş
exchange <> kambi
exchange <> karşı
exchange <> santr
exchange <> takas
exchange <> tramp
exchangeable <> değiş
exchangeable <> takas
exchanged <> alışv
exchangees <> mübad
exchanger <> değiş
exchangers <> değiş
exchanges <> borsa
exchanging <> değiş
exchequer <> hazin
exchequer <> mali
exchequer <> maliy
excimer <> Excim
excipient <> Yardı
excipients <> Yardı
excisable <> vergi
excise <> almak
excise <> kesme
excise <> tüket
excise <> temiz
excise <> vergi
excised <> eksiz
exciseman <> vergi
excises <> maktu
excising <> eksiz
excision <> alına
excision <> alma
excision <> eksiz
excision <> kesip
excisional <> eksiz
excisions <> eksiz
excitability <> heyec
excitability <> telaş
excitable <> heyec
excitable <> kolay
excitable <> telaş
excitant <> uyarı
excitation <> heyec
excitation <> ikaz
excitation <> tahri
excitation <> uyarm
excitations <> uyarı
excitator <> eksit
excitatory <> eksit
excite <> azdır
excite <> heyec
excite <> kışkı
excite <> neden
excite <> tahri
excite <> telaş
excite <> uyand
excite <> uyarm
excited <> coşku
excited <> harar
excited <> heyec
excited <> telaş
excited <> uyarı
excitedly <> heyec
excitement <> coşku
excitement <> heyec
excitement <> telaş
excitement <> uyarı
excitement <> uyarm
excitements <> heyec
exciter <> uyarı
excites <> heyec
exciting <> heyec
exciting <> ilgin
exciting <> uyarı
excitingly <> heyec
exciton <> exito
excitonic <> Eksit
excitons <> eksit
excitotoxic <> eksit
exclaim <> bağır
exclaim <> haykı
exclaimed <> diye
exclaimer <> Excla
exclaims <> haykı
exclamation <> ünlem
exclamation <> bağır
exclamation <> haykı
exclamation <> nida
exclamations <> ünlem
exclamatory <> ünlem
excludability <> dışla
excludable <> Devre
exclude <> çıkar
exclude <> dışın
exclude <> dışla
exclude <> dahil
exclude <> hariç
exclude <> içeri
exclude <> kovma
excluded <> hariç
excludes <> dışla
excluding <> hariç
exclusion <> çıkar
exclusion <> dışın
exclusion <> hariç
exclusion <> kovma
exclusionary <> dışla
exclusions <> istis
exclusive <> özel
exclusive <> ayrıc
exclusive <> hariç
exclusive <> herke
exclusive <> seçki
exclusive <> tek
exclusively <> özell
exclusively <> sırf
exclusively <> sadec
exclusively <> yalnı
exclusiveness <> özel
exclusiveness <> ayrıc
exclusiveness <> seçki
exclusiveness <> tek 
exclusivist <> dışla
exclusivity <> münha
excogitate <> çıkar
excogitate <> düşün
excommunicate <> aforo
excommunicated <> aforo
excommunication <> aforo
excommunications <> anate
excoriate <> şidde
excoriate <> deris
excoriate <> suçla
excoriating <> deris
excoriation <> deris
excoriation <> eleşt
excoriation <> suçla
excoriations <> eksko
excreation <> ekskr
excrement <> bok
excrement <> dışkı
excrement <> kaka
excrement <> pisli
excrements <> dışkı
excrescence <> fazla
excrescence <> ur
excrescence <> yumru
excrescences <> lezyo
excrescent <> anorm
excrescent <> gereğ
excrescent <> gerek
excrescent <> yumru
excreta <> çiş
excreta <> dışkı
excreta <> kaka
excreta <> pisli
excrete <> çıkar
excrete <> boşal
excrete <> salgı
excreted <> atılı
excretion <> boşal
excretion <> dışkı
excretion <> salgı
excretory <> boşal
excruciate <> acı 
excruciate <> eziye
excruciate <> işken
excruciating <> ızdır
excruciating <> acı 
excruciating <> eziye
exculpate <> aklam
exculpate <> suçsu
exculpate <> temiz
exculpation <> aklam
exculpation <> aklan
exculpation <> beraa
exculpation <> suçsu
exculpation <> temiz
excursion <> çeliş
excursion <> ayrıl
excursion <> farkl
excursion <> gezi
excursion <> gezin
excursion <> sapma
excursionist <> geziy
excursionists <> Günüb
excursions <> Gezil
excursive <> düzen
excursive <> dolaş
excursive <> geliş
excursive <> konud
excusable <> affed
excusable <> hoş 
excusable <> hoşgö
excusable <> mazur
excuse <> özür
excuse <> affet
excuse <> bağış
excuse <> bahan
excuse <> dökün
excuse <> göz 
excuse <> gerek
excuse <> hoşgö
excuse <> izin
excuse <> kusur
excuse <> mazer
excuse <> mazur
excuse <> muaf
excused <> mazur
excuses <> bahan
excusing <> af
execrable <> berba
execrable <> iğren
execrate <> belâ
execrate <> iğren
execrate <> lanet
execrate <> nefre
execration <> iğren
execration <> lanet
execration <> nefre
execration <> tiksi
executable <> çalış
executables <> yürüt
executant <> icra
executant <> konse
executant <> sergi
execute <> düzen
execute <> gerçe
execute <> idam
execute <> infaz
execute <> ortay
execute <> sergi
execute <> yürüt
execute <> yapma
execute <> yerin
executed <> idam
executer <> Yürüt
executes <> yürüt
executing <> infaz
execution <> düzen
execution <> icra
execution <> idam
execution <> infaz
execution <> sergi
execution <> uygul
execution <> yapma
execution <> yerin
execution <> yorum
executional <> icra
executioner <> cella
executioner <> gol 
executioner <> golcü
executioners <> cella
executions <> infaz
executive <> hüküm
executive <> icra
executive <> idare
executive <> uygul
executive <> yönet
executive <> yürüt
executive <> yetki
executives <> Yönet
executor <> vasiy
executors <> vasiy
executory <> ileri
executory <> yürüt
executrix <> vasiy
exedras <> eksed
exegesis <> Kutsa
exegesis <> yorum
exegete <> yorum
exegetic <> yorum
exegetics <> tefsi
exegetics <> yorum
exemplar <> örnek
exemplar <> kopya
exemplar <> model
exemplar <> sembo
exemplar <> simge
exemplar <> suret
exemplarily <> örnek
exemplars <> örnek
exemplary <> örnek
exemplary <> ibret
exemple <> Örneğ
exemple <> örnek
exemple <> ders
exemple <> ibret
exemple <> misal
exemplification <> örnek
exemplification <> resmi
exemplified <> örneğ
exemplifies <> örnek
exemplify <> örnek
exemplify <> resmi
exemplify <> temsi
exemplifying <> örnek
exempt <> çürüğ
exempt <> özgür
exempt <> muaf
exempt <> serbe
exempted <> muaf
exempting <> muaf
exemption <> çürüğ
exemption <> bağış
exemption <> muafi
exemption <> serbe
exemptions <> dokun
exemptions <> haciz
exemptions <> muafi
exempts <> muaf
exenteration <> ekzen
exequatur <> tanım
exequies <> cenaz
exercisable <> azınl
exercise <> çalış
exercise <> alışt
exercise <> egzer
exercise <> göste
exercise <> idman
exercise <> kulla
exercise <> tören
exercise <> talim
exercise <> uygul
exercise <> yapma
exercise <> yerin
exercise <> yorum
exercised <> icra
exerciser <> egzer
exercisers <> egzer
exercises <> egzer
exercising <> egzer
exergue <> maden
exert <> harca
exert <> kulla
exert <> uygul
exerted <> sarf
exerting <> uygul
exertion <> çaba
exertion <> emek
exertion <> gayre
exertion <> sarfe
exertion <> uğraş
exertion <> zahme
exertional <> Efor
exerts <> uygul
exes <> gider
exes <> harca
exes <> masra
exeunt <> sahne
exfoliate <> pul
exfoliate <> pul 
exfoliated <> Pullu
exfoliates <> eksfo
exfoliating <> Peeli
exfoliation <> pul
exfoliation <> pul 
exfoliations <> eksfo
exfoliativa <> Exfol
exfoliative <> eksfo
exgirlfriend <> Exgir
exhalation <> buhar
exhalation <> gaz
exhalation <> koku
exhalation <> nefes
exhalation <> oh 
exhalation <> soluk
exhale <> çıkar
exhale <> nefes
exhale <> oh
exhale <> oh 
exhale <> yayma
exhaled <> eksha
exhange <> Doviz
exhanges <> Para
exhaust <> çürük
exhaust <> çıkar
exhaust <> bitir
exhaust <> boşal
exhaust <> egzoz
exhaust <> kurut
exhaust <> tüket
exhaust <> yorma
exhaust <> yorul
exhausted <> bezgi
exhausted <> bitap
exhausted <> bitki
exhausted <> bitmi
exhausted <> canı
exhausted <> derma
exhausted <> halsi
exhausted <> tüken
exhausted <> takât
exhausted <> turşu
exhauster <> aspir
exhauster <> gaz 
exhaustible <> biter
exhaustible <> tüken
exhausting <> boşal
exhausting <> tüket
exhausting <> yoruc
exhausting <> zahme
exhaustion <> bitki
exhaustion <> boşal
exhaustion <> derma
exhaustion <> tüken
exhaustion <> takât
exhaustion <> yorgu
exhaustive <> ayrın
exhaustive <> detay
exhaustive <> etraf
exhaustive <> kapsa
exhaustive <> yoruc
exhaustive <> zahme
exhausts <> egzoz
exhibit <> göste
exhibit <> ibraz
exhibit <> ortay
exhibit <> sergi
exhibit <> sunma
exhibit <> teşhi
exhibited <> sergi
exhibiting <> sergi
exhibition <> burs
exhibition <> göste
exhibition <> ibraz
exhibition <> sergi
exhibition <> sunma
exhibition <> teşhi
exhibitionism <> sergi
exhibitionism <> teşhi
exhibitionist <> göste
exhibitionist <> teşhi
exhibitionistic <> teşhi
exhibitions <> sergi
exhibitor <> Katıl
exhibitor <> sergi
exhibitor <> sinem
exhibitors <> Katıl
exhibits <> sergi
exhilarant <> uyarı
exhilarate <> canla
exhilarate <> coştu
exhilarate <> neşel
exhilarated <> canlı
exhilarated <> coşku
exhilarated <> neşel
exhilarates <> arkam
exhilarating <> canla
exhilarating <> neşel
exhilaration <> canlı
exhilaration <> keyif
exhilaration <> neşe
exhort <> öğüt
exhort <> cesar
exhort <> tavsi
exhort <> tembi
exhort <> uyarm
exhort <> yürek
exhortation <> tavsi
exhortation <> teşvi
exhortation <> tembi
exhortation <> uyarı
exhorted <> öğütl
exhorts <> öğütl
exhumation <> mezar
exhume <> deşme
exhume <> mezar
exhume <> yenid
exhumed <> mezar
exies <> Exies
exigence <> acil
exigence <> gerek
exigence <> ihtiy
exigence <> mecbu
exigence <> zorun
exigencies <> zorun
exigency <> acil
exigency <> gerek
exigency <> ihtiy
exigency <> mecbu
exigency <> zorun
exigent <> acil
exigent <> müşkü
exigent <> titiz
exigent <> zorla
exiguity <> azlık
exiguity <> darlı
exiguity <> kıtlı
exiguity <> yoklu
exiguous <> dar
exiguous <> kıt
exiguous <> yeter
exile <> kovma
exile <> sürül
exile <> sürgü
exile <> sürme
exiled <> sürgü
exiles <> sürgü
exiling <> sürgü
exine <> Eksin
exist <> bulun
exist <> olmak
exist <> var
exist <> var 
exist <> yaşam
existed <> var
existence <> ömür
existence <> hayat
existence <> olma
existence <> varlı
existence <> varol
existences <> varlı
existent <> bugün
existent <> mevcu
existent <> var 
existential <> varol
existentialism <> varol
existentialist <> varol
existentialists <> varol
existentially <> varol
existing <> bugün
existing <> mevcu
existing <> olma
existing <> var 
exists <> var
exit <> çıkış
exit <> çıkma
exit <> ölüm
exit <> ölmek
exit <> sahne
exited <> çıktı
exiting <> Çıkma
exits <> çıkar
exitus <> Exitu
exmoor <> Exmoo
exobiology <> dış
exobiology <> dış 
exocrine <> ekzok
exocytosis <> ekzos
exoderm <> dışde
exoderm <> ekzod
exodeviation <> ekzod
exodus <> akın
exodus <> göç
exodus <> toplu
exogamy <> aile
exogamy <> dışar
exogen <> eksoj
exogenous <> dışsa
exogenously <> eksoj
exomorphism <> Eksom
exon <> ekzon
exonerate <> aklam
exonerate <> muaf
exonerate <> suçsu
exonerate <> temiz
exonerated <> temiz
exoneration <> beraa
exoneration <> muafi
exoneration <> temiz
exons <> ekzon
exophthalmos <> ekzof
exophthalmus <> ekzof
exophytic <> ekzof
exorbitance <> aşırı
exorbitance <> fahiş
exorbitance <> ileri
exorbitant <> çok 
exorbitant <> aşırı
exorbitant <> fahiş
exorcise <> kovma
exorcism <> cinle
exorcism <> dua 
exorcism <> kovma
exorcisms <> Exorc
exorcist <> cinci
exorcist <> dua 
exorcists <> Exorc
exorcize <> cin
exorcize <> cin 
exorcize <> cinle
exorcize <> dua 
exordium <> önsöz
exordium <> başla
exordium <> giriş
exostoses <> ekzos
exostosis <> Ekzos
exoteric <> anlaş
exoteric <> genel
exoteric <> haric
exoteric <> sırad
exoterically <> anlaş
exoterically <> genel
exoterically <> haric
exotherm <> Egzot
exothermal <> ekzot
exothermic <> ısı
exothermic <> ısı 
exothermic <> ekzot
exothermically <> ekzot
exotic <> acayi
exotic <> başka
exotic <> egzot
exotic <> garip
exotic <> yaban
exotically <> egzot
exoticism <> egzot
exoticness <> egzot
exotics <> egzot
exotoxin <> ekzot
exotoxins <> eksot
exotropia <> ekzot
expand <> şişir
expand <> şişme
expand <> açılm
expand <> açmak
expand <> büyüm
expand <> büyüt
expand <> dönüş
expand <> geliş
expand <> geniş
expand <> yayıl
expandability <> geniş
expandable <> geniş
expanded <> geniş
expander <> geniş
expanders <> geniş
expanding <> büyüy
expanding <> geniş
expands <> geniş
expanse <> açılm
expanse <> geniş
expanse <> yayıl
expansible <> geniş
expansile <> ekspa
expansion <> büyüm
expansion <> geliş
expansion <> geniş
expansion <> genle
expansion <> ilerl
expansionary <> geniş
expansionism <> geniş
expansionism <> yayıl
expansionist <> geniş
expansions <> açılı
expansive <> açık
expansive <> geniş
expansive <> taşkı
expansive <> yayıl
expansive <> yaygı
expansiveness <> açık
expansiveness <> açılm
expansiveness <> geniş
expansiveness <> konuş
expansiveness <> yayıl
expansivity <> uzama
expatiate <> ayrın
expatiate <> etraf
expatiation <> etraf
expatriate <> gurbe
expatriate <> sürgü
expatriate <> sürme
expatriate <> yaban
expatriated <> sürül
expatriates <> gurbe
expatriation <> göç
expatriation <> sürgü
expatriation <> vatan
expatriation <> yaban
expats <> gurbe
expect <> ümit
expect <> bekle
expect <> sanma
expect <> ummak
expectance <> ümit
expectance <> bekle
expectance <> umut
expectancies <> bekle
expectancy <> ümit
expectancy <> bekle
expectancy <> umut
expectant <> ümitl
expectant <> bebek
expectant <> bekle
expectant <> gebe
expectant <> hamil
expectant <> miras
expectant <> sabır
expectant <> umutl
expectantly <> bekle
expectation <> ümit
expectation <> bekle
expectation <> miras
expectation <> olası
expectation <> umma
expectation <> umut
expectations <> bekle
expected <> bekle
expectedness <> bekle
expecting <> çocuk
expecting <> bekli
expecting <> gebe
expecting <> hamil
expectings <> bekle
expectorant <> balga
expectorants <> ekspe
expectorate <> öksür
expectorate <> balga
expectorate <> kan 
expectorate <> tükür
expectoration <> balga
expectoration <> tükür
expects <> bekli
expedience <> çıkar
expedience <> çare
expedience <> menfa
expedience <> uygun
expediency <> çıkar
expediency <> çare
expediency <> menfa
expediency <> uygun
expedient <> çıkar
expedient <> çare
expedient <> önlem
expedient <> avant
expedient <> tedbi
expedient <> uygun
expedient <> yerin
expedient <> yol
expedite <> gönde
expedite <> hızla
expedite <> kolay
expedite <> yolla
expedited <> hızla
expedites <> hızla
expediting <> hızla
expedition <> çabuk
expedition <> acele
expedition <> hız
expedition <> sefer
expedition <> sevk
expeditionaries <> ekibi
expeditionary <> sefer
expeditionary <> sevke
expeditions <> sefer
expeditious <> çabuk
expeditious <> eli 
expeditious <> hızlı
expeditious <> tez
expeditiously <> sürat
expeditors <> Exped
expel <> çıkar
expel <> dışar
expel <> kovma
expel <> sürgü
expel <> sürme
expelled <> sınır
expellee <> kovul
expellee <> sürgü
expellees <> Sürgü
expeller <> Expel
expelling <> kovma
expels <> ihraç
expend <> bitir
expend <> harca
expend <> sarfe
expend <> tüket
expendability <> harca
expendable <> gözde
expendable <> gerek
expendable <> harca
expendables <> gerek
expending <> sokma
expenditure <> gider
expenditure <> harca
expenditure <> masra
expenditure <> tüket
expenditures <> harca
expends <> yayıl
expense <> gider
expense <> harca
expense <> masra
expensed <> gider
expenses <> gider
expenses <> harca
expenses <> masra
expensing <> Gider
expensive <> masra
expensive <> pahal
expensively <> pahal
expensiveness <> pahal
experience <> başın
experience <> başa
experience <> denem
experience <> deney
experience <> din 
experience <> görme
experience <> hayat
experience <> karşı
experience <> maruz
experience <> olay
experience <> prati
experience <> tatma
experience <> tecrü
experience <> uğram
experience <> yaşam
experienced <> deney
experienced <> görgü
experienced <> görmü
experienced <> kaşar
experienced <> tecrü
experienced <> usta
experiencers <> Tecrü
experiences <> deney
experiencing <> yaşıy
experiential <> deney
experientialism <> deney
experiment <> denem
experiment <> deney
experimental <> denek
experimental <> denem
experimental <> deney
experimentalism <> deney
experimentalist <> Deney
experimentalists <> deney
experimentally <> deney
experimentation <> denem
experimentation <> deney
experimentation <> tecrü
experimentations <> deney
experimented <> dened
experimenter <> deney
experimenters <> deney
experimenting <> denem
experiments <> deney
expert <> üstâd
expert <> bilir
expert <> ekspe
expert <> erbap
expert <> ihtis
expert <> usta
expert <> uzman
expertise <> bilir
expertise <> ekspe
expertise <> ihtis
expertise <> uzman
expertised <> uzman
expertises <> Faali
expertising <> ekspe
expertize <> uzman
expertly <> ustal
expertness <> mahir
expertness <> ustal
expertness <> uzman
experts <> Uzman
expiable <> cezas
expiate <> cezas
expiate <> kefar
expiation <> cezas
expiation <> kefar
expiatory <> kefar
expirated <> son
expiration <> bitiş
expiration <> nefes
expiration <> süre
expiration <> son
expiration <> sona
expiration <> vade
expirations <> sona
expiratory <> ekspi
expiratory <> nefes
expire <> ölmek
expire <> bitme
expire <> expir
expire <> geçer
expire <> geçme
expire <> nefes
expire <> son 
expire <> sona
expire <> vades
expired <> geçer
expired <> süres
expires <> sona
expiring <> süres
expiry <> bitiş
expiry <> süre
expiry <> son
expiry <> sona
expiry <> vade
explain <> açıkl
explain <> anlat
explain <> hesap
explain <> izah
explainable <> açıkl
explainable <> anlat
explained <> açıkl
explaining <> açıkl
explaining <> hesap
explains <> açıkl
explanation <> açıkl
explanation <> anlam
explanation <> izah
explanation <> manâ
explanation <> tanım
explanation <> yorum
explanations <> açıkl
explanative <> açıkl
explanatory <> açıkl
explant <> ekspl
explantation <> ekspl
explanted <> ekspl
explants <> ekspl
expletive <> boşlu
expletive <> gerek
expletive <> küfür
expletive <> pekiş
expletive <> tamam
expletives <> Exple
explicable <> açıkl
explicable <> anlat
explicate <> açıkl
explicate <> anlat
explicate <> yorum
explicated <> irdel
explicating <> açıkl
explication <> açıkl
explication <> izah
explication <> yorum
explications <> irdel
explicit <> açık
explicit <> aşikâ
explicit <> belir
explicit <> belli
explicitly <> açıkç
explodable <> patla
explode <> çürüt
explode <> aksin
explode <> bozma
explode <> havay
explode <> infil
explode <> köpür
explode <> kırıl
explode <> patla
explode <> yıkma
exploded <> patla
explodes <> patla
exploding <> patla
exploit <> üstün
exploit <> fayda
exploit <> işlet
exploit <> istis
exploit <> kötüy
exploit <> kahra
exploit <> kulla
exploit <> macer
exploit <> sömür
exploit <> yiğit
exploitability <> yarar
exploitable <> sömür
exploitation <> işlet
exploitation <> istis
exploitation <> kötüy
exploitation <> kulla
exploitation <> sömür
exploitative <> sömür
exploited <> sömür
exploiter <> işlet
exploiter <> istis
exploiter <> kulla
exploiter <> sömür
exploiters <> sömür
exploiting <> istis
exploiting <> sömür
exploitive <> sömür
exploits <> patla
exploiture <> sömür
exploration <> araşt
exploration <> arama
exploration <> keşif
explorations <> keşif
explorative <> araşt
explorative <> arama
explorative <> keşif
exploratory <> araşt
exploratory <> keşif
explore <> araşt
explore <> keşfe
explore <> kontr
explore <> muaye
explored <> araşt
explorer <> araşt
explorer <> kâşif
explorers <> kaşif
explores <> araşt
exploring <> keşfe
explosible <> patla
explosion <> artış
explosion <> ateş
explosion <> infil
explosion <> kudur
explosion <> parla
explosion <> patla
explosion <> tepes
explosions <> patla
explosive <> çiled
explosive <> patla
explosive <> tartı
explosively <> patla
explosives <> patla
exponent <> üs
exponent <> beyan
exponent <> ifade
exponent <> katsa
exponent <> kuvve
exponent <> yorum
exponential <> Üstel
exponential <> üsse
exponential <> katsa
exponentially <> katla
exponentials <> üstel
exponentiated <> güçle
exponentiation <> üs
exponents <> üstle
export <> dışar
export <> dışsa
export <> ihraç
export <> ihrac
exportable <> ihraç
exportation <> ihraç
exportation <> ihrac
exported <> ihraç
exporter <> ihrac
exporters <> ihrac
exporting <> ihrac
exports <> ihrac
expos <> olası
expose <> ışığa
expose <> ışıkl
expose <> açığa
expose <> bırak
expose <> göste
expose <> gerçe
expose <> karşı
expose <> kirli
expose <> maruz
expose <> ortad
expose <> ortay
expose <> sergi
expose <> teşhi
expose <> terke
exposed <> ışığa
exposed <> açık
exposed <> korun
exposed <> maruz
exposed <> ortad
exposer <> pozla
exposes <> ortay
exposing <> teşhi
exposition <> açıkl
exposition <> sergi
exposition <> teşhi
exposition <> yorum
expositions <> fuarl
expositor <> açıkl
expositor <> yorum
expository <> açıkl
expository <> izah
expository <> yorum
expostulate <> öğüt
expostulate <> eleşt
expostulate <> itira
expostulate <> sitem
expostulate <> uyarm
expostulation <> dostç
expostulation <> eleşt
expostulation <> itira
expostulation <> sitem
exposure <> açığa
exposure <> açıkt
exposure <> bırak
exposure <> cephe
exposure <> maruz
exposure <> ortad
exposure <> ortay
exposure <> poz
exposure <> sergi
exposure <> teşhi
exposures <> maruz
expound <> açıkl
expound <> yorum
express <> özel
express <> açığa
express <> açık
express <> açıkl
express <> anlat
express <> belli
express <> ekspr
express <> hızlı
express <> ifade
express <> kesin
express <> nakli
express <> sürat
express <> sıkıp
expressage <> nakli
expressed <> ifade
expresses <> ifade
expressible <> ifade
expressing <> ifade
expression <> anlat
expression <> deyim
expression <> eda
expression <> ibare
expression <> ifade
expression <> söz
expression <> tabir
expression <> yüz 
expressional <> anlat
expressionism <> dışav
expressionism <> ekspr
expressionist <> dışav
expressionist <> ekspr
expressionistic <> dışav
expressionistically <> dışav
expressionists <> ekspr
expressionless <> anlam
expressionless <> boş
expressionless <> ifade
expressions <> ifade
expressive <> anlam
expressive <> canlı
expressive <> dokun
expressive <> etkil
expressive <> ifade
expressively <> anlam
expressiveness <> anlam
expressivity <> anlat
expressly <> özell
expressly <> açıkç
expressly <> açık
expressly <> bilha
expressly <> kesin
expresso <> espre
expressway <> ekspr
expressway <> otoba
expressways <> ekspr
expropriate <> istim
expropriate <> kamul
expropriate <> malın
expropriated <> Kamul
expropriates <> kamul
expropriating <> kamul
expropriation <> el 
expropriation <> istim
expropriation <> kamul
expropriations <> kamul
expropriators <> elkoy
expulsed <> kalka
expulsion <> çıkar
expulsion <> çıkma
expulsion <> akma
expulsion <> kovma
expulsion <> kovul
expulsions <> sınır
expulsive <> çıkar
expulsive <> kovan
expunge <> çıkar
expunge <> silme
expurgate <> arıtm
expurgate <> sansü
expurgate <> temiz
expurgation <> sansü
expurgation <> temiz
exquisite <> şidde
exquisite <> aşırı
exquisite <> hassa
exquisite <> keski
exquisite <> kibar
exquisite <> nazik
exquisite <> nefis
exquisitely <> zarif
exsanguination <> Exsan
exsolution <> eksol
exstrophy <> ekstr
extacy <> Eksta
extant <> geçer
extant <> halâ
extant <> kaybo
extasy <> Extas
extemporaneous <> anınd
extemporaneous <> doğaç
extemporaneous <> hazır
extemporaneously <> doğaç
extemporary <> anınd
extemporary <> doğaç
extemporary <> hazır
extempore <> anınd
extempore <> hazır
extemporize <> doğaç
extemporize <> hazır
extemporize <> uydur
extemporizer <> doğaç
extemporizer <> hazır
extend <> avcı
extend <> büyüm
extend <> devam
extend <> geniş
extend <> uzama
extend <> uzatm
extend <> verme
extend <> yardı
extend <> yayma
extendable <> uzatı
extended <> büyük
extended <> büyüt
extended <> geniş
extended <> uzatı
extended <> uzaya
extended <> uzun
extended <> yayıl
extender <> geniş
extenders <> Uzatı
extendibility <> geniş
extendible <> uzatı
extending <> uzana
extending <> uzatm
extends <> uzatı
extensibility <> geniş
extensibility <> uzama
extensibility <> uzaya
extensible <> geniş
extensile <> açılı
extensile <> geniş
extensile <> uzatı
extension <> artır
extension <> dahil
extension <> ek
extension <> eklem
extension <> geniş
extension <> ilave
extension <> temdi
extension <> uzant
extension <> uzatı
extension <> uzatm
extensional <> geniş
extensions <> uzant
extensity <> yaygı
extensive <> engin
extensive <> geniş
extensive <> uzatı
extensive <> yaygı
extensively <> geniş
extensively <> uzatı
extensively <> yaygı
extensiveness <> yaygı
extensometer <> ekste
extensometers <> eksta
extensor <> ekste
extensor <> uzatı
extensors <> eksta
extent <> ölçü
extent <> alan
extent <> boyut
extent <> derec
extent <> geniş
extent <> kapsa
extent <> uzunl
extent <> yükse
extents <> uzant
extenuate <> ciddi
extenuate <> hafif
extenuate <> mazur
extenuating <> hafif
extenuation <> ciddi
extenuation <> hafif
exterior <> dış
exterior <> dış 
exterior <> dışar
exterior <> haric
exteriorization <> ekste
exteriorly <> dışar
exteriors <> dış
exterminate <> öldür
exterminate <> imha
exterminate <> kökün
exterminate <> mahve
exterminate <> yok
exterminate <> yok 
exterminated <> imha
exterminating <> imha
extermination <> imha
extermination <> yok 
exterminator <> imha
exterminator <> yok
exterminator <> yok 
exterminators <> Exter
extern <> gündü
extern <> stajy
extern <> yatıl
externa <> ekste
external <> dış
external <> dışar
external <> haric
external <> yaban
externalisation <> dışsa
externalised <> skala
externalising <> dışa
externalities <> dışsa
externality <> dışsa
externalization <> dışsa
externalize <> açığa
externalize <> dışa
externalize <> dışla
externalize <> maddi
externalize <> yansı
externalized <> tabur
externalizing <> dışa
externally <> dışta
externally <> hariç
externally <> haric
externals <> dış 
externals <> forma
externs <> exter
exterritorial <> ülken
exterritorial <> diplo
exterritoriality <> diplo
exterritoriality <> dokun
extinct <> nesli
extinct <> sönük
extinct <> sönmü
extinct <> soyu
extinct <> tüken
extinct <> varis
extinct <> yok 
extincting <> soyu
extinction <> feshe
extinction <> imha
extinction <> nesli
extinction <> söndü
extinction <> sönme
extinction <> yok 
extinctions <> nesli
extinguish <> ödeye
extinguish <> baskı
extinguish <> bastı
extinguish <> ortad
extinguish <> söndü
extinguish <> tüket
extinguish <> yıkma
extinguish <> yok 
extinguishant <> söndü
extinguished <> sönük
extinguished <> sönmü
extinguisher <> şamda
extinguisher <> kül 
extinguisher <> yangı
extinguishers <> söndü
extinguishes <> söndü
extinguishing <> söndü
extinguishment <> söndü
extirpate <> imha
extirpate <> kökün
extirpate <> kesip
extirpate <> yok 
extirpated <> eksti
extirpation <> imha
extirpation <> kökün
extol <> övmek
extol <> methe
extoll <> övmek
extoll <> methe
extolled <> övdül
extolling <> öven
extort <> gaspe
extort <> kopar
extort <> tehdi
extort <> zorla
extorted <> zorla
extortion <> fahiş
extortion <> gasp
extortion <> haraç
extortion <> zorba
extortion <> zorla
extortionate <> aşırı
extortionate <> fahiş
extortionate <> zor 
extortioner <> kazık
extortioner <> zorba
extortionist <> kazık
extortionist <> zorba
extortions <> gasp
extra <> üstün
extra <> İlave
extra <> ayrıc
extra <> ek
extra <> ek 
extra <> ekstr
extra <> fazla
extra <> figür
extra <> ilave
extra <> olağa
extra <> zam
extraamniotic <> ekstr
extraarticular <> eklem
extracapsular <> ekstr
extracardiac <> ekstr
extracellular <> ekstr
extracellularly <> ekstr
extracerebral <> ekstr
extrachromosomal <> ekstr
extracoronal <> Extra
extracorporeal <> ekstr
extracorporeally <> ekstr
extracranial <> ekstr
extract <> çıkar
extract <> çekme
extract <> özünü
extract <> özüt
extract <> öz
extract <> özet
extract <> alınt
extract <> almak
extract <> esas
extract <> ihraç
extract <> sağla
extract <> seçer
extract <> seçme
extract <> tatma
extractability <> ekstr
extractable <> ekstr
extractant <> ekstr
extracted <> Ayıkl
extracting <> ayıkl
extraction <> çıkar
extraction <> çekme
extraction <> özütü
extraction <> öz
extraction <> alma
extraction <> asıl
extraction <> ihraç
extraction <> köken
extraction <> kare
extraction <> nesil
extraction <> sızdı
extraction <> soy
extractions <> ekstr
extractive <> çıkar
extractives <> ekstr
extractor <> çıkar
extractor <> ekstr
extractor <> sökme
extractors <> sıkıc
extracts <> ekstr
extracurricular <> branş
extracurricular <> ders
extracutaneous <> ekstr
extraditable <> iade
extraditable <> iadey
extradite <> iade
extradite <> suçlu
extradited <> iade
extradites <> iade
extraditing <> iade
extradition <> iade
extradition <> suçlu
extraditions <> iade
extradural <> ekstr
extragenital <> ekstr
extrahepatic <> ekstr
extraintestinal <> ekstr
extrajudicial <> dava
extrajudicial <> mahke
extralobar <> Ekstr
extramarital <> evlil
extramedullary <> ekstr
extramural <> kent
extramural <> okul
extraneous <> dışar
extraneous <> ikinc
extraneous <> konu
extranets <> extra
extraocular <> ekstr
extraoral <> Ekstr
extraordinarily <> özel
extraordinarily <> olağa
extraordinariness <> sıra
extraordinary <> özel
extraordinary <> fevka
extraordinary <> olağa
extraordinary <> sırad
extraperitoneal <> ekstr
extrapleural <> ekstr
extrapolate <> sonuc
extrapolate <> tahmi
extrapolate <> veril
extrapolated <> çıkıl
extrapolation <> ekstr
extraprostatic <> ekstr
extrapulmonary <> ekstr
extrapyramidal <> ekstr
extrarenal <> ekstr
extras <> ekstr
extras <> ilave
extrasensory <> olağa
extrasolar <> güneş
extraspinal <> ekstr
extrasystole <> ekstr
extrasystoles <> ekstr
extratemporal <> Ekstr
extraterrestrial <> dünya
extraterrestrial <> yeryü
extraterrestrials <> uzayl
extraterritorial <> ülke
extraterritorial <> dokun
extraterritoriality <> dış 
extraterritoriality <> dokun
extrathoracic <> ekstr
extrathyroidal <> dışı
extrauterine <> ekstr
extravagance <> aşırı
extravagance <> boşa
extravagance <> delil
extravagance <> israf
extravagance <> saçma
extravagance <> savur
extravagance <> taşkı
extravagancy <> israf
extravagant <> ölçüs
extravagant <> aşırı
extravagant <> fahiş
extravagant <> müsri
extravagant <> savur
extravaganza <> fante
extravaganza <> serbe
extravaganza <> zengi
extravaginal <> ekstr
extravasated <> ekstr
extravasation <> ekstr
extravasations <> Ekstr
extravascular <> ekstr
extraversion <> dışad
extravert <> dışa
extraverted <> dışad
extrema <> uç
extremal <> ekstr
extreme <> çıkma
extreme <> ölçüs
extreme <> şidde
extreme <> aşırı
extreme <> en 
extreme <> kesin
extreme <> mutlâ
extreme <> olağa
extreme <> sınır
extreme <> son 
extreme <> tezat
extremely <> aşırı
extremely <> fazla
extremely <> son
extremely <> son 
extremes <> aşırı
extremism <> aşırı
extremist <> ölçüy
extremist <> aşırı
extremists <> aşırı
extremities <> ekstr
extremities <> eller
extremities <> uzant
extremity <> aşırı
extremity <> ekstr
extremity <> had
extremity <> sınır
extremity <> son
extremity <> son 
extremity <> uç
extremum <> ekstr
extricate <> çıkar
extricate <> açığa
extricate <> ayrış
extricate <> kurta
extricate <> salıv
extricate <> serbe
extricate <> zor 
extrication <> ayrış
extrication <> kurta
extrication <> salıv
extrication <> serbe
extrinsic <> dış
extrinsic <> dışta
extrinsic <> eğret
extrinsic <> geçic
extrinsic <> ikinc
extrinsically <> dışsa
extrophy <> ekstr
extroversion <> dışa
extrovert <> dışa
extroverted <> dışad
extroverts <> dışa
extrude <> çıkar
extrude <> çıkma
extrude <> geçir
extrude <> ihraç
extrude <> pırtl
extrude <> presl
extrude <> sıkıp
extrude <> sıkma
extruded <> ekstr
extruder <> ekstr
extruders <> ekstr
extruding <> ekstr
extrusion <> çıkar
extrusion <> ekstr
extrusion <> ihraç
extrusion <> kalıp
extrusion <> sıkma
extrusions <> ekstr
extrusive <> ekstr
extubated <> ekstü
extubation <> ekstü
exuberance <> bollu
exuberance <> coşku
exuberance <> laf 
exuberance <> taşkı
exuberancy <> bollu
exuberancy <> coşku
exuberancy <> laf 
exuberancy <> taşkı
exuberant <> çok
exuberant <> berek
exuberant <> bol
exuberant <> canlı
exuberant <> coşku
exuberant <> hayat
exuberant <> taşkı
exuberant <> verim
exudate <> eksud
exudates <> eksüd
exudation <> eksud
exudative <> eksud
exudativum <> eksud
exude <> çıkar
exude <> belir
exude <> dışar
exude <> kaçır
exude <> sızdı
exude <> sızma
exude <> terle
exude <> yayma
exudes <> sızar
exuding <> eksüd
exult <> çok 
exult <> övünm
exult <> bayra
exult <> iftih
exult <> sevin
exultant <> çok
exultant <> çok 
exultant <> sevin
exultation <> iftih
exultation <> sevin
exulting <> sevin
exurb <> şehir
exurbanite <> şehir
exurbia <> şehir
exuviate <> deri
exuviate <> kabuk
exuviate <> tüy
exuviate <> tüy 
exuviation <> dökül
exuviation <> deri
exuviation <> tüy 
eyalet <> Eyale
eye <> bakış
eye <> dikka
eye <> görüş
eye <> göz
eye <> gözet
eye <> ilik
eye <> ilmik
eye <> izlem
eye <> kanı
eye <> kuşku
eye <> nazar
eye <> süzme
eye <> tomur
eyeball <> göz
eyeball <> göz 
eyeballs <> gözbe
eyebeam <> eyeBe
eyebolt <> mapa
eyebolts <> Mapa
eyebrow <> kaş
eyebrows <> kaşla
eyecup <> Vizör
eyed <> gözlü
eyedropper <> Damla
eyedroppers <> damla
eyedrops <> damla
eyeful <> göz 
eyeful <> güzel
eyeglass <> gözlü
eyeglass <> tek 
eyeglasses <> gözlü
eyehole <> göz
eyehole <> göz 
eyeing <> bakar
eyelash <> kirpi
eyelashes <> kirpi
eyeless <> gözsü
eyelet <> gözcü
eyelet <> küçük
eyelet <> kopça
eyelets <> delik
eyelid <> gözka
eyelids <> göz
eyeliners <> Eyeli
eyelines <> eyeli
eyen <> Eyen
eyepiece <> merce
eyepiece <> oküle
eyepieces <> göz
eyes <> gözle
eyeshade <> güneş
eyeshadow <> far
eyeshadows <> göz
eyeshield <> Eyesh
eyeshot <> görüş
eyesight <> görüş
eyesight <> görme
eyesore <> göz 
eyesore <> göze
eyestrain <> göz
eyestrain <> göz 
eyetooth <> köpek
eyewash <> aldat
eyewash <> göz
eyewash <> göz 
eyewash <> palav
eyewash <> saçma
eyewash <> zırva
eyewear <> gözlü
eyewitness <> görgü
eyewitnesses <> görgü
eying <> süzer
eyle <> Eyle
eyne <> Eyne
eyot <> adacı
eyre <> devir
eyre <> seyah
eyrie <> karta
eyrie <> kuş 
eyry <> karta
fab <> çok 
fab <> fab
fab <> kocam
fab <> muazz
fable <> efsan
fable <> kıssa
fable <> masal
fabled <> efsan
fabled <> uydur
fables <> Masal
fabric <> çatı
fabric <> bünye
fabric <> bez
fabric <> dokum
fabric <> inşa
fabric <> kumaş
fabric <> yapı
fabricate <> üretm
fabricate <> atmak
fabricate <> sahte
fabricate <> uydur
fabricate <> yalan
fabricated <> fabri
fabricates <> imala
fabricating <> imala
fabrication <> üretm
fabrication <> bir 
fabrication <> imal
fabrication <> sahte
fabrication <> uydur
fabrication <> yalan
fabrications <> imala
fabricator <> fabri
fabricator <> imala
fabricator <> sahte
fabricator <> uydur
fabricator <> yalan
fabricators <> imala
fabrics <> kumaş
fabulist <> fabl
fabulist <> hayal
fabulist <> uydur
fabulist <> yalan
fabulosity <> Fabul
fabulous <> şahan
fabulous <> harik
fabulous <> hayal
fabulous <> imkân
fabulous <> inanı
fabulous <> müthi
fabulous <> uydur
facade <> cephe
facade <> dış 
facades <> cephe
face <> çehre
face <> ön
face <> önyüz
face <> üst 
face <> şekil
face <> astar
face <> bakma
face <> biçim
face <> cephe
face <> dönme
face <> eda
face <> göğüs
face <> görün
face <> göze
face <> hal
face <> itiba
face <> kadra
face <> kapla
face <> karşı
face <> katla
face <> onur
face <> resim
face <> sima
face <> surat
face <> tavır
face <> yönel
face <> yüzün
face <> yüz
face <> yüz 
face <> yüzey
face <> yüzle
facecloth <> elbez
facecloth <> yüz 
faced <> kaplı
faced <> yüzlü
facedown <> güç 
facedown <> resim
facedown <> ters
facedown <> yüzük
facedown <> yüzle
faceless <> görün
faceless <> meçhu
faceless <> yüzü
facelifted <> makya
facelifting <> Facel
facemask <> Yüz
facemasks <> yüz
faceoff <> Faceo
facepieces <> yüz
faceplate <> aynas
facer <> bekle
facer <> darbe
facer <> yüzü
facer <> yüz 
facer <> yüze
faces <> yüzle
facet <> elmas
facet <> faset
facet <> görün
facet <> taraf
facet <> yön
facetectomy <> faset
faceted <> yönlü
facetious <> şakac
facetious <> alayc
facetious <> espri
facetious <> yerli
facetiously <> şaka
facetiousness <> şakac
facetiousness <> alayc
facets <> yönle
facetted <> yüze
facettes <> Façet
facia <> ad 
facia <> kontr
facia <> tabel
facial <> cilt
facial <> yüz
facial <> yüz 
facial <> yüze
faciei <> Fasiy
facies <> fasiy
facieses <> fasiy
facile <> akıcı
facile <> basit
facile <> becer
facile <> kolay
facile <> rahat
facile <> saf
facile <> usta
facile <> uysal
facilely <> akıcı
facilely <> kolay
facilely <> saf 
facilely <> uysal
facilitate <> hafif
facilitate <> kolay
facilitate <> olana
facilitate <> rahat
facilitated <> kolay
facilitates <> kolay
facilitating <> kolay
facilitation <> basit
facilitation <> kolay
facilitation <> rahat
facilitations <> kolay
facilitative <> kolay
facilitator <> kolay
facilitators <> kolay
facilities <> imkân
facilities <> kolay
facilities <> tesis
facility <> araç
facility <> fırsa
facility <> imkân
facility <> kolay
facility <> olana
facility <> rahat
facility <> tesis
facility <> ustal
facility <> vasıt
facility <> yeten
facing <> üst 
facing <> dönüş
facing <> dönme
facing <> kapla
facing <> karşı
facing <> koruy
facing <> sıvam
facings <> nişan
facings <> süs
facings <> sırma
facs <> FACS
facsimile <> aynı
facsimile <> aynıs
facsimile <> kopya
facsimiles <> faks
fact <> durum
fact <> eylem
fact <> gerçe
fact <> hakik
fact <> olay
fact <> olgu
fact <> unsur
factice <> yapay
facticity <> olgus
faction <> ayrıl
faction <> grupl
faction <> hizip
faction <> nifak
factional <> hizip
factionalism <> hizip
factionalism <> parti
factionist <> bölüc
factionist <> fitne
factionist <> hizip
factionist <> kışkı
factions <> hizip
factious <> ara 
factious <> ayrım
factious <> bölüc
factious <> fesat
factious <> hizip
factious <> kışkı
factitial <> fakti
factitious <> düzme
factitious <> sahte
factitious <> yapay
factitious <> yapma
factitive <> ettir
factoid <> Facto
factor <> çarpa
factor <> öğe
factor <> aracı
factor <> değiş
factor <> elema
factor <> etken
factor <> etmen
factor <> faktö
factor <> finan
factor <> kâhya
factor <> kalıt
factor <> katsa
factor <> tambö
factorage <> aracı
factored <> faktö
factorial <> faktö
factorials <> faktö
factories <> fabri
factoring <> Fakto
factoring <> finan
factorization <> çarpa
factorizations <> Çarpa
factorize <> çarpa
factors <> faktö
factory <> dış 
factory <> fabri
factory <> imala
factotum <> hizme
factotum <> kâhya
factotum <> uşak
facts <> gerçe
factsheet <> bülte
factual <> eksik
factual <> fiili
factual <> gerçe
factual <> harfi
factual <> olayl
factual <> tam
factuality <> Gerçe
factually <> gerçe
facultative <> ihtiy
facultative <> isteğ
facultative <> seçme
facultative <> zorun
facultatively <> fakül
faculties <> fakül
faculty <> Allah
faculty <> ayrıc
faculty <> becer
faculty <> fakül
faculty <> imtiy
faculty <> kabil
faculty <> yapma
faculty <> yeten
faculty <> yeti
faculty <> yetki
fad <> çılgı
fad <> garip
fad <> heves
fad <> merak
fad <> moda
fad <> tuhaf
faddish <> heves
faddish <> moday
faddist <> garip
faddist <> heves
faddy <> garip
faddy <> heves
fade <> açmak
fade <> fade
fade <> gözde
fade <> güçte
fade <> gevşe
fade <> kaçma
fade <> karar
fade <> rengi
fade <> sıvış
fade <> sarar
fade <> soldu
fade <> solma
fade <> uçmak
fade <> unutu
fade <> zayıf
fadeaway <> Fadea
faded <> güzel
faded <> geçki
faded <> rengi
faded <> solgu
faded <> solmu
faded <> soluk
faded <> zayıf
fadein <> FadeI
fadeless <> ölmez
fadeless <> ebedi
fadeless <> solma
faden <> Faden
fader <> görün
fader <> ses
fader <> ses 
faders <> fader
fades <> silin
fading <> açıla
fading <> açılm
fading <> fani
fading <> geçic
fading <> rengi
fading <> sesin
fading <> solan
fading <> solma
fading <> tüken
fading <> yorul
fading <> zayıf
fady <> Fady
faecal <> Dışkı
faecal <> atıl
faecal <> dışkı
faecal <> pisli
faecal <> tortu
faeces <> atık
faeces <> bok
faeces <> dışkı
faeces <> kaka
faeces <> pisli
faeces <> posa
faeces <> tortu
faena <> Faena
faerie <> hayal
faerie <> masal
faerie <> peri
faerie <> peril
faery <> hayal
faery <> masal
faery <> peri
faery <> peril
faff <> Faff
fag <> angar
fag <> bitki
fag <> bitme
fag <> canı
fag <> canın
fag <> didin
fag <> homos
fag <> ibne
fag <> sigar
fag <> yorgu
fag <> yorma
fag <> yoruc
fag <> yorul
fagged <> yorgu
fagging <> alt
fagging <> alt 
faggot <> çalı-
faggot <> homos
faggot <> ibne
faggot <> sakat
faggot <> top
fagin <> Fagin
fagot <> çalı-
fagot <> homos
fagot <> ibne
fagot <> sakat
fagot <> top
fagots <> faggo
fah <> Fah
fahrenheit <> Fahre
faience <> çini
faience <> fayan
faiences <> fayan
faik <> Faik
fail <> ümidi
fail <> açmam
fail <> ateş
fail <> bırak
fail <> başar
fail <> batma
fail <> becer
fail <> boşa
fail <> bozul
fail <> fiyas
fail <> iflas
fail <> ihmal
fail <> kalma
fail <> suya
fail <> tüken
fail <> yüzüs
fail <> yapam
fail <> yapma
fail <> zayıf
failed <> başar
failer <> Faile
failing <> şaşan
failing <> aksay
failing <> ayıp
failing <> başar
failing <> eksik
failing <> hata
failing <> kusur
failing <> olmaz
failing <> yanıl
failing <> yoklu
failing <> zaaf
failing <> zayıf
failings <> başar
faille <> Faill
fails <> başar
failure <> aksat
failure <> başar
failure <> batma
failure <> bozuk
failure <> bulun
failure <> dinme
failure <> eksik
failure <> fiyas
failure <> hayal
failure <> iflas
failure <> ihmal
failure <> kıtlı
failure <> kusur
failure <> sekte
failure <> tüken
failure <> yapma
failure <> yetme
failure <> yoklu
failures <> başar
fain <> mecbu
fain <> memnu
fained <> koroz
faint <> çekin
faint <> ürkek
faint <> bayıl
faint <> baygı
faint <> belli
faint <> bir 
faint <> bitki
faint <> cesar
faint <> hali
faint <> halsi
faint <> korka
faint <> sönük
faint <> soluk
faint <> uçuk
faint <> zayıf
fainted <> baygı
fainter <> sönük
faintest <> sönük
faintheart <> korka
faintheart <> yürek
fainthearted <> çekin
fainthearted <> ödlek
fainthearted <> ürkek
fainthearted <> cesar
fainthearted <> korka
faintheartedly <> çekin
faintheartedly <> ürkek
faintheartedly <> korka
fainting <> bayıl
fainting <> baygı
faintish <> olduk
faintly <> zayıf
faintness <> zayıf
faints <> bayıl
fair <> çarşı
fair <> çok
fair <> şirin
fair <> açık
fair <> adil
fair <> adila
fair <> büsbü
fair <> beyaz
fair <> dürüs
fair <> doğru
fair <> dosdo
fair <> efend
fair <> festi
fair <> fuar
fair <> güzel
fair <> harfi
fair <> hassa
fair <> insaf
fair <> iyi
fair <> iyice
fair <> kapla
fair <> kayda
fair <> kesme
fair <> lunap
fair <> makul
fair <> namus
fair <> nazik
fair <> okuna
fair <> orta
fair <> panay
fair <> sarış
fair <> sevim
fair <> tamam
fair <> temiz
fair <> uygun
fair <> vasat
fair <> yaban
fair <> yontm
fairer <> adil
fairest <> adil
fairground <> panay
fairgrounds <> fuar
fairie <> Fairi
fairies <> peril
fairing <> kapla
fairings <> grena
fairless <> Dövüş
fairly <> açıkç
fairly <> adeta
fairly <> adila
fairly <> büsbü
fairly <> dürüs
fairly <> dosdo
fairly <> epey
fairly <> epeyc
fairly <> güzel
fairly <> harfi
fairly <> olduk
fairly <> safça
fairly <> tam 
fairly <> taraf
fairly <> temiz
fairly <> uygun
fairness <> açıkl
fairness <> adale
fairness <> beyaz
fairness <> dürüs
fairness <> güzel
fairness <> içten
fairness <> insaf
fairness <> sarış
fairness <> taraf
fairs <> Fuarl
fairwater <> Fairw
fairway <> çim 
fairway <> çimen
fairway <> serbe
fairways <> Fairw
fairy <> eşcin
fairy <> homos
fairy <> nonoş
fairy <> peri
fairy <> peril
fairy <> top
fairydom <> peril
fairyland <> masal
fairyland <> peril
fairytales <> masal
faith <> bağlı
faith <> din
faith <> güven
faith <> iman
faith <> inanç
faith <> niyet
faith <> söz
faith <> sadak
faith <> vâât
faithful <> bağlı
faithful <> dürüs
faithful <> doğru
faithful <> güven
faithful <> içten
faithful <> imanl
faithful <> mümin
faithful <> sadık
faithful <> vefal
faithfull <> inanı
faithfully <> şidde
faithfully <> bağlı
faithfully <> dürüs
faithfully <> doğru
faithfully <> içten
faithfully <> inanç
faithfully <> kati
faithfully <> samim
faithfulness <> bağlı
faithless <> dinsi
faithless <> güven
faithless <> hain
faithless <> hilek
faithless <> imans
faithless <> namus
faithlessness <> inanç
faiths <> inanç
fajitas <> fajit
fake <> şarla
fake <> aldat
fake <> dolan
fake <> hile
fake <> numar
fake <> olduğ
fake <> sağ 
fake <> sahte
fake <> takli
fake <> uydur
faked <> sahte
faker <> şarla
faker <> dolan
faker <> göste
faker <> numar
faker <> sahte
faker <> yalan
fakers <> Sahte
fakes <> sahte
faking <> takli
fakir <> Hint
fakir <> dervi
fakir <> dolan
fakir <> fakir
fakir <> numar
fakir <> sahte
falaj <> Falaj
falangist <> Falan
falangist <> faşis
falangists <> iktid
falbala <> süs
falbala <> saçak
falcate <> hilal
falcate <> kanca
falcate <> orak
falchion <> orak
falciform <> orak
falcon <> şahin
falcon <> doğan
falconer <> şahin
falconer <> doğan
falconet <> küçük
falconiformes <> Falco
falconry <> şahin
falconry <> doğan
falcons <> karta
falderal <> boş 
falderal <> değer
faldstool <> küçük
faldstool <> rahle
fall <> çöküş
fall <> çağla
fall <> şelâl
fall <> dökül
fall <> döküm
fall <> düşüş
fall <> düşme
fall <> dağıl
fall <> devri
fall <> eğim
fall <> eğiml
fall <> fırfı
fall <> gece
fall <> hasta
fall <> inme
fall <> inmek
fall <> kötü
fall <> karan
fall <> kat
fall <> oturm
fall <> sonba
fall <> tam 
fall <> tuş
fall <> ucuzl
fall <> yıkıl
fall <> yağış
fall <> yağma
fall <> yamaç
fall <> yapra
fall <> yatağ
fall <> yavru
fallacies <> safsa
fallacious <> aldat
fallacious <> boş
fallacious <> safsa
fallacious <> temel
fallacious <> yanıl
fallacy <> mantı
fallacy <> safsa
fallacy <> yanlı
fallaway <> FallA
fallback <> son
falled <> düşen
fallen <> şehit
fallen <> düşük
fallen <> düşkü
fallen <> düşmü
fallen <> ele 
fallen <> günah
fallen <> kötü
fallen <> yeryü
fallers <> düşen
falleth <> düştü
fallibility <> yanıl
fallible <> hatal
fallible <> yanıl
falling <> düşüş
falling <> düşük
falling <> düşen
fallopian <> fallo
fallout <> atık
fallout <> dökün
fallout <> nükle
fallout <> yan 
fallow <> devet
fallow <> ekilm
fallow <> nadas
fallowed <> izlen
fallowing <> nadas
fallows <> Fallo
falls <> düşüy
fally <> Fally
false <> düzme
false <> falso
false <> göste
false <> hain
false <> haksı
false <> hatal
false <> hilel
false <> iki 
false <> kalp
false <> numar
false <> sahte
false <> suni
false <> takli
false <> takma
false <> uydur
false <> yalan
false <> yanlı
false <> yapma
falsehood <> gerçe
falsehood <> sahte
falsehood <> temel
falsehood <> yalan
falsehoods <> yalan
falsely <> sahte
falsely <> yalan
falsely <> yanlı
falseness <> sahte
falseness <> yalan
falsetto <> öfkey
falsetto <> false
falsetto <> tiz 
falsifiability <> yanlı
falsifiable <> yanlı
falsification <> oynam
falsification <> sahte
falsification <> tahri
falsification <> uydur
falsifications <> tahri
falsified <> sahte
falsifier <> düzen
falsifier <> kalpa
falsifier <> oynam
falsifier <> sahte
falsifier <> tahri
falsifies <> sahte
falsify <> aslı
falsify <> değiş
falsify <> kalpa
falsify <> oynam
falsify <> sahte
falsify <> tahri
falsifying <> sahte
falsity <> hata
falsity <> sahte
falsity <> yalan
falsity <> yanlı
faltboat <> porta
falter <> bocal
falter <> durak
falter <> kekel
falter <> sende
falter <> serse
falter <> tered
falter <> titre
falter <> yalpa
faltered <> durak
faltering <> durak
faltering <> karar
faltering <> kekel
faltering <> tered
faltering <> titre
faltering <> tutuk
falters <> durak
falx <> falks
fame <> ün
fame <> şöhre
fame <> şan
fame <> ad
fame <> nam
fame <> rivay
fame <> söyle
famed <> ünlü
famed <> meşhu
famed <> tanın
fames <> Fames
familial <> ailes
familiar <> aşina
familiar <> alışı
familiar <> arkad
familiar <> bilin
familiar <> doğal
familiar <> içli
familiar <> içten
familiar <> koruy
familiar <> lauba
familiar <> samim
familiar <> senli
familiar <> tanıd
familiar <> tekli
familiar <> yakın
familiar <> yaygı
familiarisation <> alışt
familiarisation <> tanım
familiarisation <> tanıt
familiarise <> alışt
familiarise <> ilişk
familiarise <> tanıt
familiarised <> çalış
familiarising <> tanım
familiarities <> alışk
familiarity <> aşina
familiarity <> iyi 
familiarity <> lauba
familiarity <> samim
familiarity <> yakın
familiarity <> yatkı
familiarization <> alışt
familiarization <> tanım
familiarization <> tanıt
familiarize <> alışt
familiarize <> ilişk
familiarize <> tanıt
familiarized <> çalış
familiarizes <> tanım
familiarizing <> tanım
familiarly <> alışk
familiarly <> tekli
families <> ailel
family <> aile
family <> ailev
family <> ailey
family <> ev 
family <> famil
family <> küme
family <> sülal
family <> soy
famine <> açlık
famine <> kıtlı
famine <> sıkın
famine <> yoklu
famines <> kıtlı
famish <> aç
famish <> aç 
famish <> açlık
famish <> sıkın
famish <> yoklu
famished <> çok
famished <> çok 
famished <> açlık
famishing <> çok 
famishing <> açlık
famotidine <> Famot
famous <> ünlü
famous <> mükem
famous <> meşhu
famous <> tanın
famous <> tatmi
famously <> ünlü
famously <> mükem
famously <> pek 
famulus <> bir
famulus <> bir 
fan <> alevl
fan <> esmek
fan <> fan
fan <> hasta
fan <> hava
fan <> haval
fan <> hayra
fan <> körük
fan <> perva
fan <> tahıl
fan <> tahri
fan <> taraf
fan <> vanti
fan <> yaba
fan <> yayıl
fan <> yelpa
fanal <> Fanal
fanatic <> aşırı
fanatic <> bağna
fanatic <> fanat
fanatic <> hasta
fanatic <> mutaa
fanatic <> sofu
fanatic <> tutuc
fanatical <> aşırı
fanatical <> bağna
fanatical <> fanat
fanatical <> hasta
fanatical <> mutaa
fanatical <> sofu
fanatical <> tutuc
fanatically <> fanat
fanaticism <> bağna
fanaticism <> düşkü
fanaticism <> fanat
fanaticism <> tutuc
fanaticism <> yobaz
fanatics <> fanat
fanatism <> bağna
fanatism <> düşkü
fanatism <> fanat
fanatism <> tutuc
fanatism <> yobaz
fancied <> sanıl
fancier <> merak
fancier <> seven
fanciers <> merak
fancies <> hoşla
fanciful <> acayi
fanciful <> fanta
fanciful <> garip
fanciful <> gerçe
fanciful <> hayal
fanciful <> kapri
fancy <> özel
fancy <> aşırı
fancy <> beğen
fancy <> canı
fancy <> düşün
fancy <> düşgü
fancy <> düşle
fancy <> fahiş
fancy <> fante
fancy <> farze
fancy <> garip
fancy <> hayâl
fancy <> hayal
fancy <> heves
fancy <> hoşla
fancy <> imgel
fancy <> istem
fancy <> kanı
fancy <> kapri
fancy <> kurun
fancy <> merak
fancy <> moda
fancy <> süs
fancy <> süslü
fancy <> sanma
fancy <> sevme
fancy <> tasav
fancy <> zevk
fancying <> hayal
fancywork <> işlem
fancywork <> ince
fandangle <> aşırı
fandangle <> cicil
fandangle <> maska
fane <> kilis
fane <> mabet
fane <> tapın
fanfare <> fanfa
fanfare <> nefes
fanfare <> tanta
fanfares <> korna
fang <> azıdi
fang <> dış 
fang <> kök
fang <> pençe
fang <> uzun
fang <> zehir
fanlight <> kapı
fanned <> Fanlı
fanner <> üfleç
fanner <> haval
fanner <> vanti
fanning <> yelpa
fannings <> Fanni
fanny <> am
fanny <> göt
fanny <> kıç
fanny <> kuku
fannypack <> Fanny
fanon <> Fanon
fans <> fanla
fantasia <> fante
fantasie <> Fanta
fantasies <> fante
fantasise <> dalıp
fantasise <> fante
fantasise <> hayal
fantasised <> hayal
fantasising <> fanta
fantasist <> Fanta
fantasize <> dalıp
fantasize <> fante
fantasize <> hayal
fantasized <> hayal
fantasizing <> fanta
fantastic <> çok 
fantastic <> şahan
fantastic <> acayi
fantastic <> fanta
fantastic <> gülün
fantastic <> garip
fantastic <> harik
fantastic <> hayal
fantastic <> inanı
fantastic <> kaçık
fantastic <> olağa
fantastic <> saçma
fantastical <> çok 
fantastical <> şahan
fantastical <> acayi
fantastical <> fanta
fantastical <> gülün
fantastical <> garip
fantastical <> harik
fantastical <> hayal
fantastical <> inanı
fantastical <> kaçık
fantastical <> olağa
fantastical <> saçma
fantasticality <> acayi
fantasticality <> garip
fantastically <> çok
fantastically <> fevka
fantastically <> garip
fantasticate <> gülün
fantastico <> Fanta
fantasy <> acayi
fantasy <> düş
fantasy <> fante
fantasy <> hayal
fantasy <> imgel
fantasy <> kurgu
fantasy <> kurun
fantasy <> vehim
fantasyland <> Fanta
fantom <> Fanto
fanzine <> fanzi
fanzines <> fanzi
far <> öbür
far <> öteki
far <> ırak
far <> mesaf
far <> uzağa
far <> uzak
far <> uzakt
farad <> elekt
farad <> farad
faradaic <> Farad
faradays <> Farad
faradic <> farad
farads <> farad
farandole <> el
farandole <> el 
faraway <> dalıp
faraway <> dalgı
faraway <> hayal
faraway <> uzak
faraway <> uzun
farce <> fars
farce <> kaba
farce <> maska
farce <> saçma
farcical <> abuk
farcical <> kaba
farcical <> komik
farcical <> saçma
farcry <> FarCr
farcy <> at
farcy <> at 
fard <> farz
fardel <> bohça
fardel <> yük
fare <> başın
fare <> bilet
fare <> gıda
fare <> gitme
fare <> olmak
fare <> tarif
fare <> yiyec
fare <> yol 
fare <> yola
fare <> yolcu
fared <> seyre
fares <> tarif
farest <> Fares
farewell <> elved
farewell <> güle
farewell <> son
farewell <> uğurl
farewell <> veda
farewells <> veda
farfetched <> zorla
farina <> çiçek
farina <> irmik
farina <> mısır
farina <> nişas
farina <> toz
farinaceous <> nişas
farinaceous <> un 
farish <> Faris
farm <> çiftç
farm <> çiftl
farm <> ekip
farm <> işlem
farm <> kiray
farm <> rehab
farm <> yetiş
farmable <> işlen
farmable <> tarım
farmed <> çiftl
farmer <> çiftç
farmer <> çiftl
farmer <> yetiş
farmers <> çiftç
farmhand <> Farmh
farmhouse <> çiftl
farmhouses <> çiftl
farming <> çiftç
farming <> tarım
farmland <> tarım
farmlands <> tarım
farms <> çiftl
farmstay <> Farms
farmstead <> çiftl
farmsteads <> çiftl
farmyard <> çiftl
farmyards <> arsas
farnesene <> farne
farnesyl <> farne
faro <> bir
faro <> bir 
faros <> Faros
farouche <> çekin
farouche <> huysu
farrago <> karış
farrago <> karma
farren <> Farre
farrier <> nalba
farriery <> nalba
farrow <> bir 
farrow <> doğur
farrow <> yavru
farry <> Farry
fars <> Fars
farsa <> Farsa
farse <> Farse
farseeing <> ileri
farseeing <> sağdu
farside <> Farsi
farsight <> Farsi
farsighted <> hiper
farsighted <> ileri
farsighted <> sağdu
farsightedness <> hiper
farsightedness <> ileri
farsightedness <> sağdu
farsightedness <> sağgö
fart <> gaz 
fart <> osurm
fart <> osuru
fart <> yelle
farther <> ötede
farther <> öteye
farther <> ayrıc
farther <> bunda
farther <> daha
farther <> diğer
farther <> ilave
farther <> ilerd
farther <> ileri
farther <> uzakt
farthermost <> en
farthermost <> en 
farthest <> en
farthest <> en 
farthing <> çeyre
farthing <> azıcı
farthing <> metel
farthingale <> çembe
farting <> osuru
fasces <> değne
fasces <> hakim
fascet <> faset
fascia <> şerit
fascia <> bağ
fascia <> bağdo
fascia <> bant
fascia <> kemer
fascia <> sargı
fasciae <> silme
fascial <> fasya
fasciated <> çizgi
fasciated <> birle
fascicle <> demet
fascicle <> evrak
fascicle <> fasik
fascicle <> salkı
fascicles <> fasik
fascicular <> bölüm
fascicular <> fasik
fascicular <> salkı
fasciculate <> bölüm
fasciculate <> fasik
fasciculate <> salkı
fasciculation <> fasik
fasciculations <> fasik
fascicule <> demet
fascicule <> evrak
fascicule <> fasik
fascicule <> salkı
fasciculus <> fasci
fascinate <> büyül
fascinate <> cezbe
fascinate <> hayra
fascinate <> hipno
fascinated <> ağzı
fascinated <> büyül
fascinates <> büyül
fascinating <> çekic
fascinating <> büyül
fascinating <> etkil
fascinatingly <> büyül
fascination <> çekic
fascination <> büyü
fascination <> cazib
fascination <> sihir
fascinations <> büyül
fascinator <> büyül
fasciola <> Fasci
fascioliasis <> fasio
fasciotomies <> fasiy
fasciotomy <> fasyo
fascism <> faşiz
fascist <> despo
fascist <> faşis
fascistic <> faşis
fascists <> faşis
faser <> Faser
fash <> canın
fash <> zahme
fash <> zorlu
fashion <> üslup
fashion <> adet
fashion <> biçim
fashion <> dış 
fashion <> kılık
fashion <> moda
fashion <> tarz
fashion <> uydur
fashion <> yükse
fashion <> yapma
fashionable <> şık
fashionable <> kibar
fashionable <> moda
fashionable <> moday
fashionables <> kibar
fashionably <> Nazik
fashioned <> moda
fashionist <> Fashi
fashionmonger <> moda
fashionmonger <> modac
fashions <> modas
fast <> çabuc
fast <> çabuk
fast <> ayrıl
fast <> dayan
fast <> değiş
fast <> defal
fast <> derin
fast <> eli 
fast <> hızlı
fast <> hızla
fast <> hoppa
fast <> ileri
fast <> oruç
fast <> rengi
fast <> sürat
fast <> sıkı
fast <> sıkıc
fast <> sık 
fast <> sımsı
fast <> sağla
fast <> sabit
fast <> seri
fast <> solma
fast <> su 
fast <> tez 
fast <> uçarı
fastback <> aerod
fastback <> yağsı
fastbreak <> Fastb
fasted <> oruç
fasten <> tuttu
fastened <> tuttu
fastener <> çıtçı
fastener <> ataş
fastener <> bağ
fastener <> fermu
fastener <> kilit
fastener <> manda
fastener <> rapti
fastener <> toka
fasteners <> bağla
fastening <> bağ
fastening <> bağla
fastening <> tuttu
fastening <> tutul
fastenings <> sabit
fastens <> hızla
faster <> daha
faster <> hızla
fastest <> hızlı
fasti <> FASTI
fastidious <> müşkü
fastidious <> titiz
fastidious <> zor 
fastidiously <> titiz
fastidiousness <> müşkü
fastidiousness <> titiz
fastigiate <> huni
fasting <> aç 
fasting <> açlık
fasting <> niyet
fasting <> oruç
fasting <> perhi
fastly <> hızla
fastness <> çabuk
fastness <> dayan
fastness <> emin
fastness <> hızlı
fastness <> haslı
fastness <> sığın
fastness <> sıkıl
fastness <> sağla
fastness <> sabır
fastness <> sebat
fastness <> solma
fastness <> uçarı
fastnesses <> haslı
fasts <> oruç
fat <> şişki
fat <> şişko
fat <> şişma
fat <> berek
fat <> besil
fat <> besiy
fat <> dolgu
fat <> içyağ
fat <> kârlı
fat <> kazan
fat <> kilol
fat <> semir
fat <> semiz
fat <> tombu
fat <> verim
fat <> yağ
fat <> yağ 
fat <> yağlı
fatal <> ölümc
fatal <> ölüml
fatal <> öldür
fatal <> kaçın
fatal <> kader
fatal <> mahve
fatal <> vahim
fatalism <> fatal
fatalism <> kader
fatalist <> fatal
fatalist <> kader
fatalistic <> her 
fatalistic <> kader
fatalities <> ölüm
fatality <> ölüml
fatality <> alın
fatality <> felâk
fatality <> kısme
fatality <> kader
fatality <> kaza
fatality <> kurba
fatality <> mukad
fatality <> tâlih
fatally <> ölümc
fatally <> ölüml
fatally <> kaçın
fate <> akibe
fate <> alın
fate <> ecel
fate <> felâk
fate <> felek
fate <> kısme
fate <> kader
fate <> son
fate <> tâlih
fated <> alına
fated <> kaçın
fated <> kader
fated <> mahvo
fateful <> öldür
fateful <> öneml
fateful <> can 
fateful <> felâk
fateful <> kaçın
fateful <> kader
fateful <> uğurs
fates <> kader
fathead <> ahmak
fathead <> aptal
fathead <> manka
father <> üzeri
father <> Allah
father <> Tanrı
father <> ata
father <> baba
father <> babas
father <> icat
father <> kuruc
father <> papaz
father <> peder
father <> yükle
father <> yapma
father <> yarat
fathered <> babas
fatherhood <> baba
fatherhood <> babal
fathering <> babal
fatherland <> anava
fatherless <> babas
fatherless <> yetim
fatherliness <> babac
fatherly <> baba
fatherly <> babac
fatherly <> babay
fathers <> babal
fathom <> anlam
fathom <> derin
fathom <> içyüz
fathom <> kavra
fathom <> kulaç
fathometer <> akis
fathometer <> derin
fathomless <> anlaş
fathomless <> derin
fathomless <> dipsi
fathoms <> kulaç
fatidical <> kehan
fatigability <> kolay
fatigue <> angar
fatigue <> bitki
fatigue <> dayan
fatigue <> tüken
fatigue <> yorgu
fatigue <> yorma
fatigue <> yorul
fatigued <> Yorgu
fatiguing <> yoruc
fatiguing <> zahme
fatless <> cılız
fatless <> yağsı
fatless <> zayıf
fatling <> besi
fatling <> besil
fatness <> şişma
fatness <> yağlı
fats <> yağ
fatso <> şişko
fatso <> dobiş
fatso <> tombi
fatted <> yağlı
fatten <> şişma
fatten <> besiy
fatten <> gübre
fatten <> semir
fatten <> tombu
fatten <> yağ 
fatten <> yağla
fatten <> yaşla
fattened <> besil
fattened <> semir
fattening <> şişma
fattening <> besi
fattening <> yağ 
fattening <> yağla
fattens <> şişir
fattest <> şişma
fattier <> yağlı
fattiest <> yağlı
fattish <> şişma
fattish <> toplu
fatty <> şişko
fatty <> şişma
fatty <> dobiş
fatty <> tombu
fatty <> yağda
fatty <> yağlı
fatuity <> akıls
fatuity <> anlam
fatuity <> aptal
fatuity <> saçma
fatuous <> akıls
fatuous <> aptal
fatuous <> saçma
fatuously <> akıls
fatuously <> anlam
fatuously <> aptal
fatuously <> saçma
fatuousness <> akıls
fatwa <> fetva
fatwas <> fetva
faucal <> boğaz
fauces <> boğaz
faucet <> bidon
faucet <> fıçı
faucet <> muslu
faucets <> muslu
fauchon <> Fauch
fault <> çatla
fault <> arıza
fault <> ayıpl
fault <> fay
fault <> günah
fault <> hata
fault <> hatas
fault <> kınam
fault <> kabah
fault <> kusur
fault <> suç
fault <> suçu
fault <> yanlı
faulted <> faylı
faultfinder <> eleşt
faultfinder <> her 
faultfinding <> eleşt
faultfinding <> kusur
faultiness <> bozuk
faultiness <> hatal
faultiness <> kusur
faulting <> fayla
faultless <> kusur
faultless <> mükem
faultlessly <> hatas
faultlessness <> kusur
faultlessness <> mükem
faults <> fayla
faulty <> arıza
faulty <> bozuk
faulty <> hatal
faulty <> kusur
fauna <> bölge
fauna <> direy
fauna <> fauna
fauna <> hayva
faunal <> fauna
faunas <> fauna
faunistic <> fauni
faunistically <> fauna
faustian <> Faust
fauvism <> Foviz
fauvist <> Fauvi
favor <> şeref
favor <> ayrıc
favor <> beğen
favor <> benze
favor <> deste
favor <> dikka
favor <> hediy
favor <> iltim
favor <> iyili
favor <> kabul
favor <> kayır
favor <> korum
favor <> lütuf
favor <> sevil
favor <> taraf
favor <> tutma
favor <> yardı
favorable <> avant
favorable <> elver
favorable <> fayda
favorable <> iyi 
favorable <> lehte
favorable <> müsai
favorable <> oluml
favorable <> taraf
favorable <> tatmi
favorable <> uygun
favorably <> hoşnu
favorably <> oluml
favorably <> uygun
favored <> özell
favored <> avant
favored <> ayrıc
favored <> kayır
favored <> terci
favoring <> lehin
favorite <> favor
favorite <> gözde
favorite <> sevgi
favorites <> Sık
favoritism <> adam
favoritism <> iltim
favoritism <> taraf
favors <> iyili
favour <> şeref
favour <> ayrıc
favour <> beğen
favour <> benze
favour <> deste
favour <> dikka
favour <> hediy
favour <> iltim
favour <> iyili
favour <> kabul
favour <> kayır
favour <> korum
favour <> lütuf
favour <> sevil
favour <> taraf
favour <> tutma
favour <> yardı
favourable <> avant
favourable <> elver
favourable <> fayda
favourable <> iyi 
favourable <> lehte
favourable <> müsai
favourable <> oluml
favourable <> taraf
favourable <> tatmi
favourable <> uygun
favourably <> hoşnu
favourably <> oluml
favourably <> uygun
favoured <> özell
favoured <> avant
favoured <> ayrıc
favoured <> kayır
favoured <> terci
favouring <> lehin
favourite <> favor
favourite <> gözde
favourite <> sevgi
favourites <> Sık
favouritism <> adam
favouritism <> iltim
favouritism <> taraf
favours <> iyili
favrile <> Favri
faw <> FAW
fawkner <> Fawkn
fawn <> açık
fawn <> dalka
fawn <> doğur
fawn <> geyik
fawn <> karac
fawn <> kuyru
fawn <> yalta
fawn <> yavru
fawning <> kuyru
fawning <> yalta
fax <> faks
faxed <> faksl
faxes <> faksl
faxing <> faks
fay <> peri
fayalite <> Fayal
fayed <> Fayed
fayence <> FAYEN
fays <> Fays
faze <> Faze
fazed <> olsa
fazenda <> Fazen
fealty <> sadak
fear <> çekin
fear <> Allah
fear <> dehşe
fear <> dert
fear <> endiş
fear <> kaygı
fear <> korkm
fear <> korku
fear <> kuşku
fear <> kurun
fear <> risk
fear <> sıkın
feared <> korku
fearful <> ürkek
fearful <> dehşe
fearful <> endiş
fearful <> hürme
fearful <> kaygı
fearful <> korka
fearful <> korku
fearful <> müthi
fearful <> saygı
fearfully <> hürme
fearfully <> korku
fearfully <> tasay
fearfulness <> korka
fearing <> korka
fearless <> cesur
fearless <> gözüp
fearless <> korku
fearless <> perva
fearlessly <> korku
fearlessness <> cesar
fearlessness <> korku
fears <> şüphe
fears <> endiş
fears <> kaygı
fears <> korku
fears <> kuşku
fears <> kurun
fearsome <> dehşe
fearsome <> korku
feasibilities <> fizib
feasibility <> fizib
feasibility <> imkân
feasibility <> uygul
feasibility <> yapıl
feasible <> mümkü
feasible <> olası
feasible <> uygul
feasible <> yapıl
feasibly <> fizib
feast <> şölen
feast <> ağırl
feast <> bayra
feast <> doya
feast <> eğlen
feast <> festi
feast <> haz 
feast <> tadın
feast <> yortu
feast <> zevk
feast <> ziyaf
feasting <> şölen
feasts <> bayra
feat <> üstün
feat <> başar
feat <> becer
feat <> feat
feat <> kahra
feat <> ustal
feat <> verim
feat <> yiğit
feather <> köpük
feather <> kuştü
feather <> tüy
feather <> tüy 
feather <> tüyle
featherbed <> şımar
featherbed <> işver
featherbed <> keyif
featherbed <> kuştü
featherbed <> nazlı
featherbed <> rahat
featherbedding <> sendi
featherbrained <> kuş
feathered <> kuştü
feathered <> tüylü
featheredge <> keski
featherhead <> Tüyka
feathering <> kürk
feathering <> ok 
feathering <> tüyle
feathering <> yelke
featherless <> tüysü
featherlight <> Feath
featherly <> Feath
feathers <> tüyle
featherweight <> önems
featherweight <> tüy
featherweight <> tüy 
feathery <> tüy 
feathery <> tüylü
feats <> kahra
feature <> önem
feature <> özell
feature <> asıl
feature <> başro
feature <> belir
feature <> karak
feature <> sunuş
feature <> yüzün
feature <> yüz 
feature <> yayın
featured <> özell
featureful <> özell
featureless <> özell
featureless <> nitel
features <> özell
febrifuge <> ateş
febrile <> ateşl
febrile <> heyec
febrile <> humma
fecal <> atıl
fecal <> dışkı
fecal <> fekal
fecal <> pisli
fecal <> tortu
feces <> atık
feces <> bok
feces <> dışkı
feces <> kaka
feces <> pisli
feces <> posa
feces <> tortu
fecit <> taraf
feckless <> aciz
feckless <> becer
feckless <> cansı
feckless <> kayıt
feckless <> sorum
fecklessly <> kayıt
fecklessness <> becer
fecula <> fekül
fecula <> nişas
fecula <> tortu
feculence <> pisli
feculence <> posa
feculence <> tortu
feculent <> tortu
fecund <> berek
fecund <> bol
fecund <> doğur
fecund <> verim
fecundate <> berek
fecundate <> dölle
fecundate <> hamil
fecundating <> berek
fecundation <> dölle
fecundity <> doğur
fecundity <> verim
fed <> besle
fed <> feder
fedayeen <> Feday
federal <> feder
federalisation <> feder
federalism <> feder
federalists <> feder
federally <> feder
federate <> birle
federate <> feder
federated <> feder
federating <> birle
federation <> feder
federation <> ittif
federations <> feder
federative <> feder
fedora <> fötr
fedoras <> fötr
feds <> Sıkın
fee <> ödeme
fee <> ücret
fee <> miras
feeble <> çürük
feeble <> çelim
feeble <> cılız
feeble <> eli 
feeble <> güçsü
feeble <> hafif
feeble <> kötü
feeble <> kuvve
feeble <> zayıf
feebleness <> güçsü
feebleness <> kuvve
feebleness <> zayıf
feed <> bakma
feed <> besle
feed <> doyur
feed <> geçin
feed <> otlam
feed <> otlat
feed <> yedir
feed <> yemek
feedback <> Görüş
feedback <> geri
feedback <> gerib
feedback <> ters
feedbacks <> geri
feeded <> besle
feeder <> besle
feeder <> biber
feeder <> mama
feeders <> besle
feedforward <> ileri
feeding <> bakma
feeding <> besle
feeding <> doyur
feeding <> geçin
feedings <> besle
feedlot <> besi
feeds <> besle
feedstock <> hamma
feedstuff <> yem
feedstuffs <> Yem
feedthrough <> tipte
feedwater <> besle
feel <> anlam
feel <> dokun
feel <> duygu
feel <> duyma
feel <> ellem
feel <> his
feel <> hisse
feel <> sezgi
feel <> sezme
feel <> temas
feel <> yokla
feeler <> anten
feeler <> duyar
feelers <> duyar
feeling <> şefkâ
feeling <> acıma
feeling <> algı
feeling <> bakış
feeling <> canlı
feeling <> dokun
feeling <> duyar
feeling <> duygu
feeling <> görüş
feeling <> hassa
feeling <> his
feeling <> hisse
feeling <> izlen
feeling <> sezgi
feeling <> sezi
feelings <> duygu
feelings <> gönül
feels <> hisse
fees <> ücret
fees <> harç
feet <> feet
feet <> foot
feets <> ayakl
fehling <> Fehli
feign <> numar
feign <> rol 
feign <> uydur
feign <> yalan
feigned <> sahte
feigned <> yapma
feignedly <> sahte
feignedly <> yapma
feijoa <> Feijo
feint <> çalım
feint <> aldat
feint <> hafif
feint <> vurac
feint <> yanıl
feint <> zayıf
feisty <> alıng
feldspar <> feldi
feldspars <> feldi
feldspathic <> feldi
feldspathoids <> feldi
felicitate <> kutla
felicitate <> tebri
felicitation <> kutla
felicitation <> tebri
felicitous <> mutlu
felicitous <> uygun
felicitous <> yerin
felicitously <> yerin
felicity <> mutlu
felicity <> saade
felicity <> uygun
felicity <> yerin
feline <> kedi
feline <> kedil
feline <> kurna
felines <> kedig
fell <> öldür
fell <> düştü
fell <> deri
fell <> dik 
fell <> insaf
fell <> kır
fell <> kesip
fell <> kesme
fell <> merha
fell <> otlak
fell <> post
fell <> tepe
fell <> yere
fell <> zalim
fella <> adam
fellah <> fella
fellaheen <> fella
fellas <> adaml
felled <> kesil
feller <> adam
feller <> arkad
feller <> koca
feller <> sevgi
fellers <> Felle
felloe <> ispit
felloe <> jant
fellow <> adam
fellow <> ahbap
fellow <> akade
fellow <> akran
fellow <> arkad
fellow <> aynı
fellow <> dost
fellow <> eş
fellow <> herif
fellow <> karde
fellow <> koca
fellow <> ortak
fellow <> sevgi
fellow <> tek
fellow <> yolda
fellowman <> hemşe
fellows <> Fello
fellowship <> ünive
fellowship <> arkad
fellowship <> birli
fellowship <> derne
fellowship <> duygu
fellowship <> halde
fellowships <> burs
fells <> hisse
felly <> jant
felodipine <> felod
felon <> cani
felon <> dolam
felon <> suçlu
felon <> zalim
felonies <> ağır
felonious <> canic
felonious <> kasıt
felonious <> suça
felony <> cinay
felony <> suç
felsic <> felsi
felsite <> Felsi
felsitic <> Felsi
felsobanyaite <> Felso
felspar <> feldi
felt <> fötr
felt <> keçe
felt <> keçel
felted <> keçel
felting <> keçe
felts <> keçel
felty <> Felty
felucca <> Feluc
female <> dişi
female <> dişil
female <> kız
female <> kadın
females <> kadın
feme <> kadın
femic <> Femik
feminine <> dişil
feminine <> kadın
femininities <> kadın
femininity <> kadın
feminisation <> kadın
feminised <> Femin
feminism <> femin
feminisms <> Femin
feminist <> femin
feministic <> femin
feminists <> femin
feminity <> kadın
feminization <> femin
feminized <> Dişil
feminizing <> femin
femora <> kalça
femora <> uyluk
femoral <> femor
femoral <> kalça
femoral <> uyluk
femoropopliteal <> Femor
femtosecond <> femto
femur <> femur
femur <> kalça
femur <> uyluk
femurs <> femur
fen <> çayır
fen <> batak
fen <> düzlü
fence <> çalın
fence <> çit
fence <> çit 
fence <> engel
fence <> eskri
fence <> kaçam
fence <> korum
fence <> parma
fence <> savun
fencer <> eskri
fencers <> eskri
fences <> çitle
fencing <> çit
fencing <> eskri
fencing <> kaçam
fencing <> parma
fend <> karşı
fend <> kendi
fender <> çamur
fender <> şömin
fender <> koruy
fender <> tampo
fenders <> çamur
fenestrae <> Fenes
fenestrated <> fenes
fenestration <> delik
fenestration <> delme
fenestration <> pence
fenestrations <> fenes
feni <> Feni
fenis <> Feniş
fenland <> Fenla
fenman <> batak
fenmen <> Fenme
fennec <> çöl
fennec <> çöl 
fennel <> rezen
fennelflower <> çörek
fenny <> batak
fenouillet <> Fenou
fens <> MDBF
fenster <> Fenst
fenstration <> ajur
fent <> Fent
fentanyl <> fenta
fenthion <> Fenth
fenugreek <> boyot
feoff <> tımar
feoffee <> tımar
feoffer <> tımar
feoffor <> tımar
feral <> vahşi
feral <> yaban
ferberite <> Ferbe
fere <> FERE
ference <> arıza
feres <> Feres
feretory <> kutsa
ferghanite <> Ferga
fergusonite <> Fergu
feria <> Feria
ferial <> Feria
ferias <> Féria
fering <> Ferin
fermata <> Ferma
ferment <> ekşim
ferment <> heyec
ferment <> kışkı
ferment <> karış
ferment <> maya
ferment <> mayal
ferment <> tahri
ferment <> telaş
fermentability <> ferme
fermentable <> mayal
fermentation <> ekşim
fermentation <> ferma
fermentation <> heyec
fermentation <> huzur
fermentation <> karış
fermentation <> mayal
fermentations <> ferma
fermentative <> ferme
fermented <> mayal
fermenter <> ferme
fermenting <> ferma
fermentor <> ferme
fermentors <> ferme
ferments <> ferme
fermion <> fermi
fermions <> fermi
fern <> eğrel
fernandinite <> Ferma
ferns <> eğrel
ferny <> eğrel
ferocious <> şidde
ferocious <> aşırı
ferocious <> acıma
ferocious <> gadda
ferocious <> vahşi
ferocious <> yırtı
ferociously <> vahşi
ferocity <> gadda
ferocity <> vahşi
ferrarese <> Ferra
ferrate <> ferra
ferrel <> Ferre
ferreous <> demir
ferrer <> Ferre
ferret <> araşt
ferret <> dağge
ferret <> dedek
ferret <> hafiy
ferreting <> aranı
ferretto <> Ferre
ferric <> demir
ferrichrome <> ferri
ferried <> ferib
ferrier <> Ferri
ferrierite <> ferri
ferries <> ferib
ferriferous <> demir
ferrimagnetism <> ferri
ferrimolybdite <> Ferri
ferrinatrite <> ferri
ferrisicklerite <> Ferri
ferrite <> demir
ferrite <> ferri
ferrites <> ferri
ferritic <> ferri
ferroalloys <> feroa
ferroan <> demir
ferroaugite <> Ferro
ferrochelatase <> ferro
ferrochrome <> ferro
ferrochromium <> ferro
ferroconcrete <> beton
ferrocyanide <> ferro
ferrodolomite <> Ferro
ferroelectric <> ferro
ferroelectricity <> Ferro
ferroelectrics <> Ferro
ferromagnesian <> ferro
ferromagnetic <> ferro
ferromagnetism <> ferro
ferromanganese <> ferom
ferrometer <> Ferro
ferronickel <> Ferro
ferrosilicon <> Feros
ferrosilite <> Ferro
ferrotype <> ferro
ferrous <> demir
ferrozine <> ferro
ferruccite <> Ferük
ferruginous <> demir
ferruginous <> pas 
ferrule <> demir
ferrule <> yüksü
ferruled <> damar
ferrules <> ferül
ferrum <> Ferru
ferry <> araba
ferry <> ferib
ferry <> işlem
ferry <> vapur
ferryboat <> araba
ferryboat <> ferib
ferryboats <> ferib
ferrying <> taşıy
ferryman <> ferib
fersmanite <> Fersm
fertile <> üretk
fertile <> berek
fertile <> doğur
fertile <> verim
fertile <> yarat
fertile <> zengi
fertilisation <> aşıla
fertilisation <> dölle
fertilisation <> gübre
fertilisation <> verim
fertilise <> aşıla
fertilise <> dölle
fertilise <> gübre
fertilise <> verim
fertilised <> Dölle
fertiliser <> gübre
fertiliser <> suni
fertilisers <> gübre
fertilising <> gübre
fertility <> berek
fertility <> doğur
fertility <> verim
fertilization <> aşıla
fertilization <> dölle
fertilization <> gübre
fertilization <> verim
fertilizations <> Gübre
fertilize <> aşıla
fertilize <> dölle
fertilize <> gübre
fertilize <> verim
fertilized <> Dölle
fertilizer <> gübre
fertilizer <> suni
fertilizers <> gübre
fertilizes <> dölle
fertilizing <> gübre
ferula <> Ferul
ferule <> değne
ferule <> sopa
ferule <> sopal
fervanite <> Ferva
fervency <> şevk
fervency <> gayre
fervency <> tutku
fervent <> ateşl
fervent <> coşku
fervent <> gayre
fervent <> harar
fervent <> kızgı
fervent <> sıcak
fervently <> tutku
fervor <> şevk
fervor <> coşku
fervor <> gayre
fervor <> harar
fervor <> kızgı
fervor <> sıcak
fervour <> şevk
fervour <> coşku
fervour <> gayre
fervour <> harar
fervour <> kızgı
fervour <> sıcak
fescue <> çayır
fescue <> işare
fescue <> sopa
festal <> bayra
feste <> Feste
fester <> çürüm
fester <> cerah
fester <> dert
fester <> iltih
fester <> irin
fester <> kafas
fester <> kokma
festival <> şenli
festival <> bayra
festival <> festi
festival <> yortu
festivals <> festi
festive <> şenli
festive <> bayra
festive <> festi
festivities <> festi
festivity <> şenli
festivity <> cümbü
festivity <> eğlen
festivity <> festi
festoon <> çiçek
festoon <> fisto
festoons <> fisto
fests <> Gezil
fetal <> cenin
fetal <> fetal
fetas <> Fetaş
fetch <> çekme
fetch <> almak
fetch <> atmak
fetch <> cezbe
fetch <> geçir
fetch <> getir
fetch <> gidip
fetched <> alına
fetcher <> alıcı
fetchers <> Fetch
fetches <> alır
fetching <> çekic
fetching <> alıml
fetching <> alma
fetching <> büyül
fete <> şölen
fete <> şenli
fete <> ağırl
fete <> bayra
fete <> eğlen
fete <> ziyaf
fetid <> kokmu
fetid <> kokuş
fetid <> pis 
fetidness <> kokmu
fetidness <> pis 
fetish <> fetiş
fetish <> put
fetishism <> fetiş
fetishist <> fetiş
fetishistic <> fetiş
fetishists <> fetiş
fetishization <> fetiş
fetishizes <> hayra
fetlock <> topuk
fetoplacental <> fetop
fets <> FET
fetter <> engel
fetter <> köste
fetter <> zinci
fettered <> zinci
fetterless <> prang
fetterless <> serbe
fetters <> prang
fettes <> Fette
fettle <> durum
fettle <> hal
fettuccine <> Fettu
fettuccini <> Fettu
fettucini <> Fettu
fetus <> cenin
fetus <> dölüt
fetuses <> fetus
feu <> sabit
feud <> anlaş
feud <> düşma
feud <> kan 
feud <> kavga
feud <> tımar
feudal <> dereb
feudal <> feoda
feudalism <> dereb
feudalism <> feoda
feudalist <> feoda
feudalistic <> feoda
feudalists <> tümde
feudality <> dereb
feudality <> feoda
feudality <> tımar
feudatory <> dereb
feudatory <> feoda
feudatory <> tımar
feuding <> Kan
feuds <> daval
feuilleton <> gazet
feuilleton <> tefri
feuilleton <> yazı
fever <> ateş
fever <> ateşl
fever <> harar
fever <> heyec
fever <> humma
fever <> telaş
fever <> yanıp
fevered <> ateşl
fevered <> harar
feverfew <> Fever
feverish <> ateş
feverish <> ateşi
feverish <> ateşl
feverish <> heyec
feverish <> telaş
feverishly <> harar
feverishness <> ateşl
feverishness <> harar
fevers <> ateş
few <> azıcı
few <> az
few <> az 
few <> birka
few <> kıt
fewer <> daha
fewest <> Düsük
fewness <> az 
fewness <> azlık
fey <> ölümü
fey <> gaipt
fey <> kaçık
fey <> kafas
fey <> kapri
fez <> fes
fiacre <> at
fiacre <> at 
fiance <> nişan
fiancee <> nişan
fiancee <> sözlü
fiancees <> nişan
fiances <> Fianc
fiar <> FIAR
fiasco <> bozgu
fiasco <> fiyas
fiat <> emir
fiat <> fiat
fiat <> hüküm
fiat <> irade
fiat <> karar
fiat <> resmi
fiat <> yetki
fib <> atmak
fib <> uydur
fib <> yalan
fib <> zarar
fibber <> uydur
fibber <> yalan
fibbers <> lifle
fiber <> elyaf
fiber <> fiber
fiber <> iplik
fiber <> karak
fiber <> kişil
fiber <> lif
fiber <> tel
fiber <> yapı
fiberboard <> sunta
fiberglass <> cam 
fiberglass <> fiber
fiberless <> karak
fiberless <> lifsi
fiberoptic <> fiber
fiberoptics <> fiber
fibers <> lifle
fiberscope <> Fiber
fibration <> Faybr
fibre <> elyaf
fibre <> fiber
fibre <> iplik
fibre <> karak
fibre <> kişil
fibre <> lif
fibre <> tel
fibre <> yapı
fibreboard <> sunta
fibreboards <> Lif
fibred <> lifli
fibreglass <> cam 
fibreglass <> fiber
fibreless <> Elyaf
fibreoptic <> fiber
fibreoptics <> fiber
fibres <> lifle
fibriform <> lif 
fibriform <> tel
fibriform <> tel 
fibril <> kökcü
fibril <> lifci
fibril <> telci
fibrilla <> elyaf
fibrillar <> elyaf
fibrillary <> fibri
fibrillated <> Fibri
fibrillation <> fibri
fibrillations <> fibri
fibrillose <> elyaf
fibrils <> fibri
fibrin <> fibri
fibrin <> lifli
fibrine <> fibri
fibrinogen <> fibri
fibrinolysis <> fibri
fibrinolytic <> fibri
fibrinopurulent <> fibri
fibrinous <> fibri
fibroadenoma <> fibro
fibroadenomas <> fibro
fibroblastic <> fibro
fibroblasts <> fibro
fibrocartilage <> fibro
fibrocartilaginous <> fibro
fibrocystic <> fibro
fibroepithelial <> fibro
fibrogenesis <> fibro
fibroid <> fibro
fibroid <> lif
fibroid <> lifli
fibroid <> tümör
fibroid <> ur
fibroids <> myom
fibrolite <> Fibro
fibroma <> fibro
fibroma <> tümör
fibromas <> fibro
fibromatosis <> fibro
fibromuscular <> fibro
fibromyalgia <> fibro
fibromyxoma <> Fibro
fibronectin <> fibro
fibropapilloma <> fibro
fibroplasia <> fibro
fibrosa <> fibro
fibrosarcoma <> fibro
fibrose <> fibro
fibrosing <> fibro
fibrosis <> fibro
fibrositis <> doku
fibrositis <> fibro
fibrothorax <> fibro
fibrotic <> fibro
fibrous <> iplik
fibrous <> lif
fibrous <> life
fibrous <> lifli
fibrovascular <> fibro
fibs <> beyaz
fibula <> broş
fibula <> fibul
fibula <> kamış
fibula <> toka
fibulae <> fibul
fibular <> kamış
fibulas <> fibul
fiche <> mikro
fiches <> fişle
fichu <> üçgen
fickle <> dönek
fickle <> değiş
fickle <> gelge
fickle <> karar
fickle <> maymu
fickleness <> dönek
fickleness <> karar
fictile <> şekil
fictile <> topra
fiction <> düş
fiction <> hayâl
fiction <> kurgu
fiction <> masal
fiction <> roman
fiction <> uydur
fictional <> düşse
fictional <> hayal
fictional <> imges
fictional <> roman
fictionalised <> kurgu
fictionalization <> kurgu
fictionalized <> kurgu
fictions <> kurgu
fictious <> hayal
fictious <> imges
fictious <> itiba
fictious <> uydur
fictitious <> hayal
fictitious <> imges
fictitious <> itiba
fictitious <> uydur
fictive <> hayal
fictive <> kurgu
fictive <> uydur
fid <> çelik
fid <> fid
fid <> kama
fiddle <> üçkâğ
fiddle <> üzeri
fiddle <> aylak
fiddle <> ayrın
fiddle <> boş 
fiddle <> dalav
fiddle <> katak
fiddle <> keman
fiddle <> saçma
fiddle <> vakti
fiddle <> zırva
fiddled <> keman
fiddler <> dolan
fiddler <> keman
fiddlers <> Fiddl
fiddles <> keman
fiddlestick <> keman
fiddlesticks <> saçma
fiddlesticks <> zırva
fiddling <> önems
fiddling <> işe
fiddling <> işe 
fiddling <> küçük
fiddly <> keman
fidelities <> SADAK
fidelity <> bağlı
fidelity <> doğru
fidelity <> sadak
fidelity <> uygun
fidelity <> vefa
fides <> Fides
fidget <> huzur
fidget <> kıpır
fidget <> rahat
fidget <> yerin
fidgeted <> zorla
fidgetiness <> yerin
fidgets <> kıpır
fidgety <> kıpır
fidgety <> kurtl
fidgety <> yerin
fids <> FIDS
fiducial <> indir
fiduciary <> emin
fiduciary <> güven
fiduciary <> itiba
fiduciary <> mutem
fie <> yuh
fied <> ğı
fiedlerite <> Fiyed
fief <> tımar
fief <> zeame
fiefdom <> zeame
field <> çalış
field <> alan
field <> bilgi
field <> bilim
field <> cevab
field <> kır
field <> otlak
field <> saha
field <> sahay
field <> savaş
field <> tarla
field <> top 
fielded <> yarış
fielden <> Field
fielder <> meyda
fieldfare <> ardıç
fielding <> Field
fields <> alanl
fieldsman <> meyda
fieldstone <> tarla
fieldstones <> tarla
fieldwork <> saha
fieldy <> Field
fiend <> çılgı
fiend <> şeyta
fiend <> canav
fiend <> kötü
fiend <> tirya
fiend <> uzman
fiend <> zalim
fiendish <> şeyta
fiendish <> acıma
fiendish <> zalim
fiendishness <> şeyta
fiendishness <> gadda
fiendishness <> zalim
fierce <> ateşl
fierce <> azılı
fierce <> azgın
fierce <> berba
fierce <> kötü
fierce <> kızgı
fierce <> sert
fiercely <> şidde
fierceness <> şidde
fierceness <> sertl
fiercer <> şidde
fiercest <> ateşl
fiere <> Fiere
fiery <> atılg
fiery <> ateş
fiery <> ateşl
fiery <> kıpkı
fiery <> kızgı
fiery <> parla
fiery <> yanıc
fiesta <> şenli
fiesta <> bayra
fiesta <> fiest
fiesta <> yortu
fiestas <> festi
fife <> fifre
fife <> yanla
fifer <> fifre
fifteen <> onbeş
fifteenth <> onbeş
fifth <> beşin
fifth <> beşte
fifthly <> beşin
fifths <> beşte
fifties <> Ellil
fiftieth <> ellid
fiftieth <> ellin
fifty <> elli
fiftyfold <> elli
fig <> üst 
fig <> giyim
fig <> incir
figgles <> Figgl
fight <> çekiş
fight <> anlaş
fight <> dövüş
fight <> dalaş
fight <> karşı
fight <> kavga
fight <> mücâd
fight <> savaş
fight <> savun
fight <> uğraş
fighter <> avcı
fighter <> boksö
fighter <> kavga
fighter <> mücâd
fighter <> savaş
fighters <> savaş
fighting <> kavga
fighting <> mücâd
fighting <> savaş
fightings <> savaş
fights <> kavga
figment <> hayal
figment <> uydur
figs <> incir
figtree <> Figtr
figural <> şekil
figurant <> bale
figurant <> figür
figurante <> bale
figurante <> figür
figurate <> biçim
figurated <> figür
figuration <> betim
figuration <> biçim
figuration <> süsle
figurations <> figür
figurative <> betim
figurative <> mecaz
figurative <> süslü
figurative <> sembo
figurative <> simge
figuratively <> mecaz
figure <> şahıs
figure <> şahsi
figure <> şekil
figure <> anlam
figure <> düşün
figure <> desen
figure <> endam
figure <> figür
figure <> fiyat
figure <> ifade
figure <> insan
figure <> rakam
figure <> resim
figure <> resme
figure <> rol 
figure <> süsle
figure <> sayı
figure <> tasvi
figure <> vücut
figure <> yeral
figured <> figür
figurehead <> gemi
figurehead <> kukla
figureheads <> figür
figures <> rakam
figurine <> heyke
figurines <> figür
figuring <> anlam
figwort <> sırac
fike <> Fike
filament <> filam
filament <> ince
filament <> lâmba
filament <> lif
filamentary <> filam
filamentous <> filam
filaments <> filam
filariasis <> filar
filature <> iplik
filatures <> İpek
filbert <> fındı
filch <> çalma
filch <> aşırm
filch <> yürüt
file <> dosya
file <> eğe
file <> eğele
file <> kayda
file <> klasö
file <> pürüz
file <> sıra
file <> törpü
filed <> dosya
filed <> eğele
filed <> kayda
filed <> yayım
filename <> Dosya
filenames <> dosya
files <> resim
filet <> ağ
filet <> file
filet <> filet
filial <> evlât
filially <> evlât
filiation <> dalla
filiation <> evlâd
filiation <> soyu
filibeg <> etek
filibuster <> haydu
filibuster <> korsa
filibuster <> parla
filicide <> filis
filigree <> filig
filigreed <> telka
filigrees <> telka
filing <> dosya
filings <> eğe
filings <> eğe 
fill <> şişir
fill <> şişme
fill <> doldu
fill <> dolgu
fill <> dolma
fill <> dolus
fill <> doyma
fill <> doyum
fill <> doyur
fillable <> doldu
filled <> dolmu
filled <> dolu
filler <> astar
filler <> boş 
filler <> doldu
filler <> geçic
filler <> tıkaç
fillers <> dolgu
fillet <> şerit
fillet <> bant
fillet <> bantl
fillet <> dolgu
fillet <> filet
fillet <> kemik
fillets <> filet
filling <> doldu
filling <> dolgu
filling <> dolma
filling <> doyur
fillings <> dolgu
fillip <> özend
fillip <> fiske
fillip <> hafif
fillip <> harek
fillip <> teşvi
fillowite <> Filov
fills <> doldu
filly <> dişi
filly <> fıkır
filly <> kısra
film <> ölünü
film <> film
film <> filme
film <> ince
film <> kapla
film <> lif
film <> zar
filmed <> filme
filmer <> Filme
filmic <> films
filming <> çekim
filmless <> films
filmmakers <> Yapım
filmmaking <> film
filmography <> Filml
films <> filml
filmstrip <> film
filmy <> şeffa
filmy <> bulan
filmy <> puslu
filmy <> zar 
filos <> Filo
filter <> filtr
filter <> süzül
filter <> süzer
filter <> süzge
filter <> süzme
filterability <> filtr
filterable <> filtr
filteration <> filtr
filtered <> filtr
filtered <> süzül
filtering <> süzme
filters <> filtr
filth <> açık
filth <> ağzı
filth <> kir
filth <> müste
filth <> pisli
filthiest <> kirli
filthily <> aşırı
filthily <> müthi
filthiness <> kirli
filthiness <> pisli
filths <> Arayı
filthy <> açık
filthy <> iğren
filthy <> kirli
filthy <> müste
filthy <> pis
filtrate <> filtr
filtrate <> süzül
filtrate <> süzme
filtrated <> filtr
filtrates <> filtr
filtrating <> süzme
filtration <> süzme
filtrations <> filtr
fimbriae <> fimbr
fimbriated <> püskü
fimbriated <> saçak
fin <> beş 
fin <> el
fin <> kanat
fin <> palet
fin <> yüzge
finagle <> aldat
finagle <> hile
finagle <> kandı
final <> en 
final <> final
final <> kesin
final <> kusur
final <> nihai
final <> son
final <> son 
final <> sonun
finale <> bitiş
finale <> final
finale <> son 
finalisation <> sonla
finalise <> sonuç
finalise <> tamam
finalised <> sonla
finalises <> tamam
finalising <> sonla
finalist <> final
finalists <> Final
finalities <> kesin
finality <> kesin
finality <> son 
finality <> sona
finalization <> sonla
finalize <> sonuç
finalize <> tamam
finalized <> sonla
finalizer <> Final
finalizes <> tamam
finalizing <> sonla
finally <> en 
finally <> nihay
finally <> sözün
finally <> son 
finally <> sonun
finals <> final
finance <> finan
finance <> mali
finance <> maliy
finance <> para
financed <> finan
financement <> Finan
finances <> maliy
financial <> finan
financial <> mali
financial <> paras
financially <> mali
financier <> finan
financier <> maliy
financier <> serma
financier <> yatır
financiers <> finan
financing <> finan
financings <> finan
finary <> Finar
finca <> Finca
finch <> ispin
finches <> ispin
find <> bakma
find <> bulgu
find <> bulma
find <> buluş
find <> bulun
find <> geçin
find <> karar
find <> keşfe
find <> keşif
find <> rastl
find <> sağla
finder <> bulan
finder <> buluc
finders <> buldu
finding <> bulgu
finding <> bulma
finding <> buluş
finding <> karar
finding <> keşif
finding <> sonuç
findings <> araç
findings <> bulgu
findings <> malze
finds <> bulur
fine <> açılm
fine <> arıtm
fine <> berra
fine <> ceza
fine <> güzel
fine <> hassa
fine <> hoş
fine <> ince
fine <> incec
fine <> iyi
fine <> mükem
fine <> narin
fine <> nefis
fine <> para
fine <> saf
fine <> ucu 
fine <> uygun
fined <> ceza
finely <> ince
fineness <> güzel
fineness <> incel
fineness <> zaraf
finer <> ince
finery <> şıklı
finery <> güzel
finery <> hamde
finery <> süs
fines <> ceza
finesse <> becer
finesse <> fines
finesse <> hile
finesse <> incel
finesse <> kurna
finesse <> ustal
finesses <> incel
finest <> iyi
finfish <> yüzge
finger <> çalma
finger <> ele 
finger <> ellem
finger <> ibre
finger <> ispiy
finger <> muhbi
finger <> parma
fingerboard <> keman
fingerboard <> klavy
fingered <> parma
fingerholes <> parma
fingering <> parma
fingerless <> parma
fingerling <> küçük
fingerlings <> finge
fingermark <> parma
fingernail <> tırna
fingernails <> tırna
fingerprint <> parma
fingerprinted <> parma
fingerprinting <> parma
fingerprints <> parma
fingers <> parma
fingerstall <> parma
fingertip <> parma
fingertips <> Parma
finical <> kılı
finical <> titiz
finical <> zor
finical <> zor 
finicking <> kılı
finicking <> titiz
finicking <> zor
finicking <> zor 
finicky <> kılı
finicky <> titiz
finicky <> zor 
fining <> durul
finis <> finis
finis <> son
finish <> bitiş
finish <> bitir
finish <> bitme
finish <> cila
finish <> cilal
finish <> kusur
finish <> mükem
finish <> mahve
finish <> rötuş
finish <> son
finish <> son 
finish <> sona
finish <> sonuç
finish <> tüket
finish <> tamam
finished <> bitmi
finished <> cilal
finished <> hazır
finished <> işlen
finished <> mükem
finished <> sona
finished <> tüken
finished <> tamam
finisher <> ani 
finisher <> cilac
finisher <> darbe
finisher <> son 
finisher <> sonla
finishers <> bitir
finishes <> bitir
finishing <> apre
finishing <> bitir
finishing <> cila
finishing <> son
finishing <> tamam
finishings <> kapla
finitary <> sonlu
finite <> ölçül
finite <> sınır
finite <> sayı
finite <> sonu
finitely <> sonlu
finiteness <> sonu
finitude <> sonlu
finjan <> Finja
fink <> alçak
fink <> grev
fink <> ispiy
fink <> sevil
finnan <> Finna
finned <> kanat
finned <> yüzge
finner <> çatal
finnmark <> Finnm
finny <> balık
finny <> yüzge
finos <> Finos
fins <> palet
fiord <> dar 
fiord <> fiyor
fir <> kökna
fire <> çalış
fire <> ısıtı
fire <> ısıtm
fire <> alev
fire <> ateş
fire <> ateşl
fire <> hırs
fire <> heyec
fire <> işten
fire <> kovma
fire <> ocak
fire <> soru
fire <> soruv
fire <> tutuş
fire <> yakma
fire <> yangı
fire <> yanma
firearm <> ateşl
firearms <> ateşl
fireballs <> Fireb
firebirds <> Fireb
firebolt <> Fireb
firebomb <> bomba
firebombs <> yangı
firebox <> yanma
fireboxes <> hazne
firebrand <> Fireb
firebrick <> ateş
firebricks <> Tuğla
firebug <> kunda
fireclays <> Ateşe
firecrackers <> havai
fired <> ateş
firedamp <> grizu
firedog <> ocak
fireeater <> ateş
fireeater <> kavga
firefall <> Firef
firefight <> çatış
firefighter <> itfai
firefighters <> itfai
firefighting <> Yangı
fireflies <> ateşb
firefly <> ateş
fireguard <> ateş
fireguard <> yangı
firehose <> itfai
firelight <> Ateşi
fireman <> ateşç
fireman <> itfai
firemen <> itfai
fireplace <> şömin
fireplace <> ocak
fireplaces <> şömin
fireplug <> yangı
firepower <> ateş
fireproof <> ateşe
fireproof <> yanma
fireproofing <> Yangı
fires <> yangı
firesafe <> yangı
fireside <> aile
fireside <> ocak
fireside <> yuva
firestone <> Fires
firestorm <> yangı
firetrap <> yangı
firetruck <> Firet
firewalker <> Firew
firewall <> güven
firewalled <> güven
firewalling <> güven
firewalls <> güven
firewarden <> yangı
firewater <> ateşs
firewater <> sert
firewood <> çıra
firewood <> yakac
firewoods <> odunl
firework <> havai
fireworks <> çınga
fireworks <> havai
fireworks <> patla
fireworm <> ateş
firing <> atış
firing <> ateş
firing <> ateşl
firing <> işten
firing <> kovma
firing <> yakac
firing <> yakma
firings <> atışl
firkin <> küçük
firkins <> Firki
firm <> şirke
firm <> canla
firm <> dayan
firm <> ekip
firm <> emin
firm <> firma
firm <> karar
firm <> katı
firm <> kesin
firm <> metin
firm <> pekiş
firm <> sıkı
firm <> sıkıc
firm <> sağlı
firm <> sağla
firm <> sabit
firm <> sert
firm <> yükse
firmament <> gök
firmament <> gök 
firmament <> sema
firmaments <> kata
firman <> ferma
firmans <> ferma
firmer <> sıkı
firming <> sıkıl
firmly <> karar
firmly <> kesin
firmly <> sıkı
firmly <> sıkıc
firmly <> sımsı
firmness <> değiş
firmness <> kesin
firmness <> metân
firmness <> sıkıl
firmness <> sağla
firmness <> sertl
firms <> firma
firmwares <> versi
firn <> Buzka
firs <> kökna
first <> önce
first <> öncel
first <> önde
first <> baş
first <> başla
first <> başta
first <> birin
first <> ilkön
first <> ilk
first <> ilk 
firstborn <> ilk
firstfruits <> çekir
firsthand <> ilk
firstling <> ilk 
firstling <> semer
firstly <> önce
firstly <> birin
firstly <> ilk
firstly <> ilk 
firstly <> ilkin
firsts <> ilkle
firth <> haliç
firth <> körfe
fiscal <> devle
fiscal <> mali
fiscally <> mali
fish <> araşt
fish <> avlam
fish <> balığ
fish <> balık
fish <> bulup
fish <> deniz
fish <> tutma
fishbone <> kılçı
fishbones <> kılçı
fished <> avlan
fisher <> balık
fisheries <> balık
fisherman <> balık
fishermen <> balık
fishers <> balık
fishery <> balık
fishes <> Balık
fishes <> balık
fisheye <> balık
fishhook <> olta
fishhook <> palan
fishing <> ağız
fishing <> balık
fishings <> Balık
fishkill <> Fishk
fishman <> Fishm
fishmeal <> unu
fishmonger <> balık
fishnet <> ağ
fishplates <> Flanş
fishpond <> balık
fishwife <> balık
fishy <> şüphe
fishy <> balık
fishy <> bitye
fissile <> bölün
fissile <> yarıl
fissility <> Dilin
fission <> atom
fission <> bölün
fission <> fizyo
fissionable <> bölün
fissionable <> parça
fissioning <> fisyo
fissural <> fissü
fissure <> çatla
fissure <> yarık
fissured <> çatla
fissures <> çatla
fissuring <> fissü
fist <> avuçl
fist <> el
fist <> el 
fist <> giriş
fist <> teşeb
fist <> yumru
fisted <> eli
fister <> Fiste
fistful <> avuç
fistic <> boks
fistical <> boks
fisticuffs <> yumru
fists <> yumru
fistula <> çıban
fistula <> akarc
fistula <> fistü
fistulae <> fistü
fistulas <> fistü
fistulated <> fistü
fistulation <> fistü
fistule <> fistü
fistules <> fistü
fistulization <> fistü
fistulizing <> fistü
fistulotomy <> fistü
fistulous <> fistü
fit <> formd
fit <> hasta
fit <> heves
fit <> kapri
fit <> kriz
fit <> layık
fit <> oturm
fit <> oturt
fit <> sağlı
fit <> uydur
fit <> uygun
fit <> uyma
fit <> uymak
fit <> yakış
fit <> yerin
fit <> yeten
fit <> yeter
fit <> zinde
fitch <> kokar
fitchew <> kokar
fitful <> aralı
fitful <> düzen
fitful <> değiş
fitment <> mobil
fitment <> parça
fitment <> takım
fitment <> teçhi
fitment <> tesis
fitness <> fitne
fitness <> formd
fitness <> sağlı
fitness <> uygun
fitness <> yeten
fitnesses <> uyumu
fitout <> Tesli
fits <> uyar
fitt <> FITT
fitted <> döşel
fitted <> döşen
fitted <> oturm
fitted <> uygun
fitted <> yerin
fitter <> monta
fitter <> prova
fitter <> tesis
fitters <> tesis
fittest <> Fitte
fitting <> ayarl
fitting <> geçme
fitting <> layık
fitting <> mekan
fitting <> monta
fitting <> prova
fitting <> tesis
fitting <> uydur
fitting <> uygun
fittings <> parça
fittings <> teçhi
fitts <> Fitts
fitty <> tane
fitz <> Fitz
five <> beş
fivefingers <> beşpa
fivefold <> beşli
fiver <> beş
fiver <> beş 
fives <> beşli
fix <> çıkma
fix <> önced
fix <> üstes
fix <> aşırı
fix <> bağla
fix <> düzel
fix <> dik 
fix <> dikka
fix <> dikme
fix <> eroin
fix <> gözün
fix <> güç 
fix <> karar
fix <> rüşve
fix <> sağla
fix <> sapta
fix <> takma
fix <> tamir
fix <> tasar
fix <> tespi
fix <> uyuşt
fix <> yapış
fix <> yerle
fixate <> bağla
fixate <> gözle
fixate <> katıl
fixate <> sabit
fixate <> takma
fixate <> yapış
fixated <> fiksa
fixating <> sabit
fixation <> bağım
fixation <> düşkü
fixation <> katıl
fixation <> sabit
fixation <> tespi
fixations <> fiksa
fixative <> sabit
fixative <> tespi
fixatives <> fiksa
fixator <> fiksa
fixators <> fiksa
fixed <> önced
fixed <> Pazar
fixed <> belir
fixed <> değiş
fixed <> karar
fixed <> oynam
fixed <> sağla
fixed <> sabit
fixed <> solma
fixed <> uçmaz
fixedly <> dik 
fixedly <> gözle
fixedly <> sabit
fixer <> fiksa
fixer <> iş
fixer <> iş 
fixer <> sabit
fixer <> sonuc
fixes <> düzel
fixing <> dikme
fixing <> fiksa
fixing <> sabit
fixing <> tamir
fixing <> tespi
fixings <> akses
fixings <> garni
fixings <> teçhi
fixings <> terti
fixity <> değiş
fixity <> karar
fixity <> sabit
fixme <> FIXME
fixt <> Sabit
fixture <> bağla
fixture <> demir
fixture <> fikst
fixture <> sabit
fixture <> tesis
fixtures <> demir
fizelyite <> Fizel
fizz <> şampa
fizz <> ateş
fizz <> fışır
fizz <> gazlı
fizz <> köpür
fizz <> soda
fizzle <> başar
fizzle <> boşa
fizzle <> fışır
fizzle <> fiyas
fizzle <> suya
fizzy <> fışır
fizzy <> köpük
fizzy <> köpür
fjord <> fiyor
fjords <> fiyor
flabbergast <> şaşır
flabbergast <> afall
flabbergast <> hayre
flabbergasted <> şaşkı
flabbergasted <> hayre
flabbily <> güçsü
flabbily <> gevşe
flabbiness <> gevşe
flabbiness <> irade
flabbiness <> sarkı
flabbiness <> zayıf
flabby <> güçsü
flabby <> gevşe
flabby <> irade
flabby <> sarkı
flabby <> yumuş
flabel <> FLABE
flaccid <> gevşe
flaccid <> irade
flaccid <> sarkı
flaccid <> yumuş
flaccid <> zayıf
flack <> Flack
flacon <> flako
flag <> bandr
flag <> bayra
flag <> etike
flag <> flama
flag <> güçsü
flag <> gevşe
flag <> kaldı
flag <> monot
flag <> nefes
flag <> pörsü
flag <> süsen
flag <> sanca
flag <> sarkm
flag <> zamba
flagella <> kamçı
flagellant <> kendi
flagellata <> Flage
flagellate <> kırba
flagellate <> kamçı
flagellated <> kamçı
flagellates <> kamçı
flagellation <> kırba
flagellation <> kamçı
flagellum <> kamçı
flageolet <> bir 
flageolet <> flajo
flageolet <> küçük
flagged <> Bayra
flagging <> cansı
flagging <> geniş
flagging <> gevşe
flagging <> taşla
flagging <> zayıf
flagitious <> ağır
flagitious <> berba
flagitious <> habis
flagitious <> rezil
flagman <> Flagm
flagon <> aşai
flagon <> büyük
flagon <> kulpl
flagpole <> bayra
flagpoles <> bayra
flagrancy <> çirki
flagrancy <> göze
flagrancy <> kabak
flagrancy <> suçun
flagrant <> çirki
flagrant <> aşikâ
flagrant <> göze
flagrant <> rezil
flags <> bayra
flagship <> amira
flagship <> en 
flagship <> mükem
flagship <> sanca
flagships <> amira
flagstaff <> bayra
flagstaff <> gönde
flagstick <> bayra
flagstick <> gönde
flagstone <> kaldı
flagstones <> kaldı
flail <> dövme
flail <> harma
flail <> patak
flailing <> uçurs
flair <> kabil
flair <> sezgi
flair <> sezme
flair <> yeten
flak <> fırça
flak <> sert
flak <> uçaks
flake <> acayi
flake <> balık
flake <> ince
flake <> kar 
flake <> kuşba
flake <> lapa
flake <> pul
flake <> pul 
flake <> tanec
flake <> yolma
flaked <> ince
flaked <> kuşba
flaked <> pul 
flaker <> Flake
flakes <> gevre
flakey <> Flake
flakiness <> pul
flakiness <> pul 
flaking <> dökül
flaky <> acayi
flaky <> ince
flaky <> lapa
flaky <> tuhaf
flam <> davul
flam <> hile
flam <> uydur
flam <> yalan
flamable <> Alev
flambeau <> şamda
flambeau <> fener
flambeau <> meşal
flamboyance <> abart
flamboyance <> fante
flamboyance <> ihtiş
flamboyance <> parla
flamboyance <> süs
flamboyant <> ateşl
flamboyant <> göste
flamboyant <> göz 
flamboyant <> göze
flamboyant <> hidde
flamboyant <> parla
flamboyant <> süslü
flame <> alev
flame <> alevl
flame <> göz 
flame <> hidde
flame <> kıpkı
flame <> kızar
flame <> parla
flame <> sevgi
flamed <> Alevl
flameless <> alevs
flamenco <> flame
flamencos <> Flame
flameproof <> alev
flamer <> Flame
flames <> Alevl
flamethrower <> alev
flamethrowers <> alev
flaming <> şidde
flaming <> Allah
flaming <> alev
flaming <> ateşl
flaming <> kızgı
flaming <> kahro
flaming <> parla
flaming <> süslü
flaming <> yanan
flamingo <> flami
flamingoes <> flami
flamingos <> flami
flamm <> Alev
flammability <> alev
flammable <> alev
flammable <> parla
flammable <> yanıc
flammables <> Yanıc
flamming <> Alev
flan <> reçel
flan <> tart
flan <> turta
flanerie <> Flane
flange <> flanş
flange <> kenar
flange <> yaka
flanged <> flanş
flanges <> flanş
flank <> böğür
flank <> kanat
flank <> sınır
flank <> yanın
flank <> yan
flank <> yan 
flanked <> çevri
flanking <> kanat
flanking <> komşu
flanking <> sınır
flanking <> yan
flanking <> yanda
flanks <> kanat
flannel <> fanil
flannel <> flane
flannel <> zevze
flannelet <> flane
flannelette <> flane
flannels <> flane
flans <> börek
flap <> çırpm
flap <> çarpm
flap <> ayakk
flap <> heyec
flap <> kanat
flap <> kapak
flap <> saçma
flap <> salla
flap <> savur
flap <> sinir
flap <> telaş
flap <> zırva
flapdoodle <> saçma
flapdoodle <> zırva
flapjack <> küçük
flapjack <> yüz 
flapper <> dağın
flapper <> el
flapper <> geniş
flapper <> kekli
flapper <> mente
flapper <> sinek
flapping <> Kanat
flappy <> Flapp
flaps <> flepl
flare <> çan 
flare <> öfke
flare <> İspan
flare <> ışık
flare <> ışıkl
flare <> ışıma
flare <> alevl
flare <> deniz
flare <> geniş
flare <> işare
flare <> küple
flare <> parla
flare <> sinir
flare <> titre
flared <> alevl
flares <> fişek
flaring <> ışıl
flaring <> göz 
flaring <> parla
flary <> Flary
flaser <> Flase
flash <> çakma
flash <> çarpı
flash <> ışık
flash <> ışılt
flash <> şık
flash <> şidde
flash <> şimşe
flash <> akla
flash <> an
flash <> ani
flash <> ani 
flash <> atmak
flash <> aydın
flash <> böbür
flash <> cep 
flash <> flaş
flash <> flash
flash <> görün
flash <> göste
flash <> haval
flash <> parla
flash <> uyuşt
flash <> yıldı
flash <> yakma
flashback <> geçmi
flashback <> geriy
flashbacks <> flash
flashbulb <> flaş
flashbulbs <> Flaş
flashcard <> Flash
flashcards <> Flash
flashed <> parla
flasher <> çeris
flashers <> flaşö
flashes <> yanıp
flashflood <> Flash
flashguns <> Flash
flashier <> pırıl
flashily <> çarpı
flashily <> göste
flashily <> parla
flashiness <> göste
flashiness <> parla
flashing <> yanıp
flashless <> çapak
flashlight <> el
flashlight <> işare
flashlights <> fener
flashpoint <> Flash
flashpoints <> patla
flashy <> çarpı
flashy <> göste
flashy <> parla
flask <> barut
flask <> cep
flask <> cep 
flask <> imbik
flask <> küçük
flasks <> matar
flat <> açık
flat <> apart
flat <> asıl
flat <> bütün
flat <> bemol
flat <> boğuk
flat <> boş
flat <> boşal
flat <> düz
flat <> düz 
flat <> düzlü
flat <> durgu
flat <> faizs
flat <> gazı
flat <> harek
flat <> havas
flat <> kısık
flat <> kat
flat <> kati
flat <> kesat
flat <> kesin
flat <> patla
flat <> sabit
flat <> tam 
flat <> tatsı
flat <> tekdü
flat <> yassı
flat <> yatay
flatbread <> gözle
flatbreads <> lavaş
flatcar <> açık
flatfile <> Yatay
flatfish <> yassı
flatfoot <> aynas
flatfoot <> düzta
flatfoot <> polis
flatiron <> ütü
flatiron <> yassı
flatirons <> Flati
flatland <> Flatl
flatlander <> Dünya
flatlanders <> Flatl
flatlet <> küçük
flatlet <> tek 
flatline <> Flatl
flatliners <> Flatl
flatlines <> ölür
flatly <> açıkç
flatly <> düped
flatly <> kesin
flatmate <> ev
flatmates <> yaşad
flatness <> aziml
flatness <> düzlü
flatness <> karar
flatness <> kesat
flatness <> monot
flatness <> tekdü
flatness <> yassı
flatnesses <> düzlü
flats <> daire
flatshare <> Flats
flatten <> dümdü
flatten <> düzle
flatten <> keyfi
flatten <> matla
flatten <> yasla
flatten <> yassı
flatten <> yerle
flattened <> basık
flattener <> düzle
flattening <> düzle
flattens <> düzle
flatter <> övmek
flatter <> gökle
flatter <> gurur
flatter <> kompl
flatter <> olduğ
flatter <> pohpo
flatter <> yağ 
flatterer <> dalka
flatterer <> yağcı
flatterers <> dalka
flattering <> methe
flattering <> olduğ
flattering <> pohpo
flattering <> yalta
flatters <> yağ
flattery <> övme
flattery <> dalka
flattery <> kompl
flattery <> pohpo
flattery <> yalta
flattie <> aynas
flattie <> polis
flatting <> zımpa
flattop <> uçak
flatulence <> gazı
flatulence <> gaz
flatulence <> hava
flatulence <> mided
flatulence <> tanta
flatulence <> yükse
flatulent <> abart
flatulent <> göste
flatulent <> gazı
flatulent <> gaz 
flatulent <> haval
flatus <> mide
flatus <> rüzgâ
flatware <> düz 
flatware <> sofra
flatways <> düz
flatways <> düzle
flatwise <> düz
flatwise <> düzle
flatwork <> Bantl
flaunt <> övüne
flaunt <> açıkç
flaunt <> azame
flaunt <> göste
flaunt <> hava
flaunts <> havas
flautist <> flütç
flavescent <> sarım
flavescent <> sarar
flavin <> sarı
flavine <> sarı
flavins <> flavi
flavobacterium <> Flavo
flavones <> flavo
flavonoids <> flavo
flavonols <> flavo
flavor <> çeşni
flavor <> hava
flavor <> koku
flavor <> lezze
flavor <> tad
flavor <> tat
flavor <> tat 
flavored <> çeşni
flavored <> bahar
flavored <> lezze
flavored <> tadın
flavoring <> lezze
flavoring <> tat 
flavorings <> tatla
flavorless <> lezze
flavorless <> tatsı
flavorous <> lezze
flavors <> tatla
flavour <> çeşni
flavour <> hava
flavour <> koku
flavour <> lezze
flavour <> tad
flavour <> tat
flavour <> tat 
flavoured <> çeşni
flavoured <> bahar
flavoured <> lezze
flavoured <> tadın
flavourful <> lezze
flavouring <> lezze
flavouring <> tat 
flavourings <> tatla
flavourless <> lezze
flavourless <> tatsı
flavours <> tatla
flavoursome <> lezze
flaw <> çatla
flaw <> özür
flaw <> üreti
flaw <> defo
flaw <> hasar
flaw <> hata
flaw <> kusur
flaw <> noksa
flaw <> sakat
flaw <> yarma
flaw <> zarar
flawed <> kusur
flawless <> defos
flawless <> kusur
flawless <> lekes
flawlessly <> kusur
flawlessness <> kusur
flaws <> kusur
flax <> keten
flaxen <> keten
flaxen <> lepis
flaxen <> soluk
flaxseed <> keten
flaxseeds <> keten
flay <> çok 
flay <> deris
flay <> payla
flay <> sert
flay <> soyma
flay <> verip
flea <> pire
fleas <> pire
flecainide <> fleka
fleche <> FLECH
fleck <> çil
fleck <> benek
fleck <> leke
fleck <> lekel
fleck <> nokta
fleck <> parça
fleck <> tanec
flecked <> Benek
flecken <> Fleck
flecker <> benek
flecker <> lekel
flecks <> benek
flection <> çekim
flection <> bükül
flection <> esnem
flection <> kıvrı
flector <> Flect
fled <> kaçtı
fledge <> tüy 
fledge <> tüyle
fledged <> teşek
fledgeling <> acemi
fledgeling <> tüyle
fledgeling <> yavru
fledgling <> acemi
fledgling <> tüyle
fledgling <> yavru
flee <> acele
flee <> akıp
flee <> kaçın
flee <> kaçma
flee <> sıvış
flee <> tüyme
flee <> terke
fleece <> beyaz
fleece <> kırkm
fleece <> kapla
fleece <> kazık
fleece <> koyun
fleece <> pöste
fleece <> soyma
fleece <> soyup
fleece <> tüylü
fleece <> yün 
fleecy <> yün 
fleecy <> yünde
fleecy <> yumuş
fleed <> kaçtı
fleeing <> kaçan
flees <> kaçar
fleet <> çevik
fleet <> alay
fleet <> donan
fleet <> fani
fleet <> filo
fleet <> hızlı
fleet <> kısa
fleet <> kısac
fleet <> seri
fleeting <> çabuk
fleeting <> fani
fleeting <> kısa
fleeting <> kısac
fleetness <> çevik
fleetness <> fanil
fleetness <> geçic
fleets <> filol
fleming <> Flama
fleming <> Flemi
flemish <> Flama
flench <> ayıba
flench <> balin
flench <> yağın
flense <> ayıba
flense <> balin
flense <> yağın
flensed <> Flens
flesh <> çiğ 
flesh <> şehve
flesh <> ayrın
flesh <> beden
flesh <> deris
flesh <> et
flesh <> insan
flesh <> vücut
fleshed <> etli
fleshiness <> şişma
fleshiness <> tombu
fleshing <> Etlem
fleshings <> baler
fleshings <> ten 
fleshless <> etsiz
fleshly <> şehve
fleshly <> beden
fleshly <> dünye
fleshpot <> bollu
fleshpot <> lüks
fleshpots <> bollu
fleshpots <> lüks
fleshy <> şişma
fleshy <> et 
fleshy <> etli
fleshy <> kemik
fleshy <> kilol
fleshy <> semiz
fleshy <> tombu
fletch <> Fletc
fletcher <> Fletc
fleury <> Fleur
flew <> uçtu
flews <> köpeğ
flex <> bükme
flex <> eğmek
flex <> esnek
flex <> esnet
flex <> flex
flex <> kasma
flexed <> fleks
flexes <> şişir
flexibilities <> esnek
flexibility <> bükül
flexibility <> elast
flexibility <> esnek
flexibility <> uysal
flexible <> değiş
flexible <> eğile
flexible <> elast
flexible <> esnek
flexible <> harek
flexible <> sabit
flexible <> uysal
flexible <> yumuş
flexibly <> esnek
flexile <> değiş
flexile <> esnek
flexile <> harek
flexile <> uysal
flexile <> yumuş
flexing <> esnem
flexion <> çekim
flexion <> bükül
flexion <> dirse
flexion <> esnem
flexion <> kıvrı
flexional <> çekim
flexographers <> fleks
flexographic <> fleks
flexography <> fleks
flexor <> bükül
flexor <> fleks
flexors <> fleks
flextime <> esnek
flexuous <> kıvrı
flexural <> eğilm
flexure <> eğilm
flexures <> bükül
flibbertigibbet <> dedik
flibbertigibbet <> hoppa
flick <> şakla
flick <> ani 
flick <> film
flick <> fiske
flick <> hafif
flick <> parma
flicked <> fiske
flicker <> ürper
flicker <> alevl
flicker <> geçic
flicker <> hızla
flicker <> titre
flickered <> titre
flickering <> titre
flickerless <> titre
flickers <> titri
flicking <> Flick
flicks <> sinem
flied <> uçtuğ
flier <> ekspr
flier <> el 
flier <> hızlı
flier <> havac
flier <> pilot
flier <> trape
flier <> uçan
fliers <> el
flies <> sinek
flight <> akış
flight <> böcek
flight <> firar
flight <> geri
flight <> kaçış
flight <> kaçma
flight <> kuş 
flight <> uçma
flight <> uçuş
flight <> yağmu
flighter <> Fligh
flightiness <> düşün
flightiness <> gelge
flightiness <> hoppa
flightiness <> karar
flightiness <> maymu
flightiness <> sorum
flightiness <> uçarı
flightless <> uçama
flights <> Uçuşl
flighty <> aklı
flighty <> düşün
flighty <> gelge
flighty <> hoppa
flighty <> karar
flighty <> maymu
flighty <> sorum
flighty <> uçarı
flimflam <> boş 
flimflam <> dolan
flimflam <> dolap
flimflam <> hile
flimflam <> kandı
flimflam <> saçma
flimflam <> zırva
flimsies <> bankn
flimsies <> kâğıt
flimsiness <> çürük
flimsiness <> akla
flimsiness <> dayan
flimsiness <> eksik
flimsiness <> inand
flimsiness <> yeter
flimsy <> çürük
flimsy <> bankn
flimsy <> dayan
flimsy <> inand
flimsy <> ince
flimsy <> kâğıt
flimsy <> pelür
flimsy <> sudan
flinch <> çekin
flinch <> kaçın
flinch <> korkm
flinch <> sakın
flinch <> yüzme
flinched <> geri
flinders <> kıymı
flinders <> parça
fling <> İskoç
fling <> ani 
fling <> atış
fling <> atılm
fling <> atma
fling <> atmak
fling <> binic
fling <> denem
fling <> doya
fling <> fırla
fling <> giriş
fling <> kurtl
fling <> savur
flings <> atar
flinkite <> Flink
flint <> çakma
flint <> taş
flintlock <> çakma
flintstone <> Çakma
flintstones <> Flint
flinty <> çakma
flinty <> acıma
flinty <> sert
flinty <> zalim
flip <> çıldı
flip <> çevir
flip <> aklın
flip <> arsız
flip <> bir 
flip <> ciddi
flip <> fiske
flip <> küsta
flip <> kısa
flip <> peren
flip <> salto
flip <> saygı
flipbook <> Anlık
flipbooks <> Flipb
flipcharts <> flipc
flipflop <> Flipf
flippancy <> arsız
flippancy <> havai
flippancy <> küsta
flippancy <> saygı
flippancy <> uçarı
flippant <> arsız
flippant <> hoppa
flippant <> küsta
flippant <> saygı
flippant <> uçarı
flippantly <> arsız
flippantly <> hoppa
flippantly <> saygı
flipped <> saygı
flipper <> kol
flipper <> palet
flipper <> yüzge
flippers <> palet
flipping <> lanet
flippy <> Flipp
flipside <> Flips
flirt <> çıkma
flirt <> çapkı
flirt <> fırla
flirt <> flört
flirt <> kur
flirt <> kur 
flirt <> macer
flirt <> salla
flirtation <> flört
flirtation <> kur
flirtation <> kur 
flirtation <> macer
flirtations <> flört
flirtatious <> çapkı
flirtatious <> fingi
flirtatious <> oynak
flirtatiously <> cilve
flirted <> flört
flirting <> flört
flirty <> Uçuşa
flit <> başka
flit <> geçip
flit <> taşın
flit <> uçuşm
flit <> uçup
flitch <> dil 
flitch <> domuz
flitch <> uzun
flite <> Flite
flivver <> başar
flivver <> fiyas
flivver <> külüs
flix <> Flix
float <> şaman
float <> batma
float <> döner
float <> dalga
float <> dolaş
float <> duba
float <> kurma
float <> mala
float <> olta
float <> piyas
float <> süzül
float <> sal
float <> su 
float <> yüzdü
float <> yüzen
float <> yüzme
float <> yayma
floatable <> suda
floatable <> yüzeb
floatation <> flota
floated <> süzül
floatel <> Float
floater <> aptal
floater <> devle
floater <> enayi
floater <> hata
floater <> kuruc
floater <> sürek
floater <> sağla
floater <> yüzen
floaters <> FLOTÖ
floating <> döner
floating <> dalga
floating <> değiş
floating <> gezic
floating <> sabit
floating <> yüzen
floating <> yüzer
floatplane <> deniz
floats <> şaman
floc <> flok
flocculant <> Topak
flocculants <> Flokü
floccular <> flokü
flocculate <> flokü
flocculation <> flokü
flocculent <> tifti
flocculent <> top 
flocculent <> yün 
flocculus <> floku
floccus <> saç
floccus <> saç 
floccus <> tüy 
flock <> üşüşm
flock <> akın
flock <> cemaa
flock <> kalab
flock <> sürü
flock <> topla
flock <> yün 
flock <> yığın
flocked <> akın
flocker <> Flock
flocking <> akın
flocks <> koyun
flocks <> sürül
flocks <> yün 
floe <> yüzen
floes <> kütle
flog <> dövme
flog <> dayak
flog <> kırba
flog <> kamçı
flog <> kanun
flogged <> kırba
flogging <> dayak
flogging <> kırba
flogging <> kamçı
flogging <> sopa
flon <> Flon
flood <> akın
flood <> basma
flood <> bollu
flood <> istil
flood <> sel
flood <> sel 
flood <> su 
flood <> taşkı
flood <> tufan
flood <> yağdı
floodable <> suyun
flooded <> sular
flooder <> flood
flooders <> flood
floodgate <> bent
floodgate <> set
floodgates <> baraj
flooding <> rahim
flooding <> sel
flooding <> su 
flooding <> tufan
floodings <> su
floodlight <> proje
floodlighting <> aydın
floodlights <> Proje
floodlit <> ışıkl
floodlit <> proje
floodplain <> taşkı
floodplains <> sel
floods <> sel
floodwater <> Sel
flook <> Flook
floor <> şaşır
floor <> afall
floor <> döşem
floor <> düzlü
floor <> kökle
floor <> kat
floor <> pist
floor <> taban
floor <> tam 
floor <> yenme
floor <> yere
floor <> zemin
floorcovering <> Döşem
floorcoverings <> yer
floored <> ağzı
floored <> afall
floored <> katlı
flooring <> döşem
floorings <> zemin
floors <> Kat
floorwalker <> kat
floorwalker <> kat 
floozy <> fahiş
floozy <> hoppa
floozy <> orosp
flop <> çırpı
flop <> şlap
flop <> başar
flop <> cup
flop <> cup 
flop <> düşür
flop <> düşüv
flop <> düşme
flop <> fiyas
flop <> flop
flop <> suya
flop <> uyuya
flop <> yığıl
flop <> yatak
flophouse <> gecel
flophouse <> serse
flophouse <> ucuz
floppies <> diske
floppy <> diske
floppy <> gevşe
floppy <> sarkı
floppy <> yumuş
flops <> flopl
flora <> belli
flora <> bitki
flora <> flora
floral <> çiçek
florals <> çiçek
floran <> Flora
florans <> Flora
floras <> Flora
floreal <> Flore
floren <> Flore
florence <> Flora
florens <> Flore
florentine <> Flora
florentines <> Flore
florescence <> çiçek
florescent <> flore
floret <> çiçeğ
floret <> çiçek
floriated <> çiçek
floricultural <> çiçek
floriculture <> çiçek
florid <> çiçek
florid <> dinç
florid <> kırmı
florid <> süslü
florid <> sağlı
florid <> yüzü
floridan <> Flori
florin <> eski
florin <> flori
florin <> gulde
florins <> flori
florissant <> Flori
florist <> çiçek
floristic <> flori
floristry <> çiçek
florists <> çiçek
flory <> Flory
floss <> ayva
floss <> cüruf
floss <> cam 
floss <> diş
floss <> diş 
floss <> floş
floss <> ham 
floss <> hav
floss <> incec
floss <> ipek
flossie <> Floss
flossing <> diş
flossy <> şataf
flossy <> göste
flossy <> ince
flossy <> ipek
flossy <> ipekl
flossy <> ipeks
flota <> Flota
flotage <> gemi
flotage <> gemin
flotage <> yüzen
flotage <> yüzme
flotation <> iş 
flotation <> su 
flotation <> tahvi
flotation <> yüzdü
flotation <> yüzme
flotilla <> filot
flotilla <> küçük
flotsam <> ıvır
flotsam <> ayakt
flotsam <> gemi
flotsam <> serse
flotsam <> yüzen
flounce <> öfke
flounce <> azame
flounce <> fırfı
flounce <> fırla
flounce <> farba
flounce <> sabır
flounce <> volan
flounder <> şaşır
flounder <> bata
flounder <> boşun
flounder <> bocal
flounder <> debel
flounder <> dere
flour <> öğütm
flour <> un
flour <> un 
flour <> unlam
floured <> unlu
flourish <> abart
flourish <> büyüm
flourish <> dalga
flourish <> fanfa
flourish <> göste
flourish <> güzel
flourish <> geliş
flourish <> süs
flourish <> süslü
flourish <> süsle
flourish <> sağlı
flourish <> salla
flourish <> savru
flourish <> savur
flourish <> sergi
flourish <> tören
flourish <> yıldı
flourished <> geliş
flourishing <> bayın
flourishing <> geliş
flourishing <> iyi 
flourishing <> mamur
flours <> unlar
floury <> un 
floury <> unlu
flout <> alay
flout <> burun
flout <> küçüm
flout <> takma
flow <> adet
flow <> akış
flow <> akıcı
flow <> akım
flow <> akın
flow <> akınt
flow <> akan
flow <> akmak
flow <> aybaş
flow <> basma
flow <> bastı
flow <> cerey
flow <> dökül
flow <> debi
flow <> dolaş
flow <> kabar
flow <> met
flow <> met 
flow <> regl
flow <> süzül
flow <> taşma
flow <> yükse
flowable <> akışk
flowchart <> akış
flowcharting <> iş
flowcharts <> akış
flowed <> aktı
flower <> çiçek
flower <> şeref
flower <> açılm
flower <> bahar
flower <> geliş
flower <> olgun
flower <> süs
flower <> seçki
flower <> serpi
flowerbeds <> çiçek
flowered <> çiçek
flowering <> çiçeğ
flowering <> çiçek
flowering <> parla
flowerpot <> saksı
flowerpots <> saksı
flowers <> çiçek
flowery <> çiçek
flowery <> süslü
flowing <> akıcı
flowing <> akan
flowing <> akma
flowing <> döküm
flowing <> dalga
flowing <> kolay
flowing <> kulla
flowmeter <> debi
flowmeters <> debim
flowmetry <> flowm
flown <> uçtu
flows <> akışl
flowsheet <> akım
flowsheets <> devre
floxuridine <> floks
flu <> grip
flub <> falso
flub <> gaf
flub <> gaf 
flub <> pot 
flubber <> Flubb
flubdub <> boş 
flubdub <> palav
flubdub <> saçma
flubdub <> safsa
fluconazole <> fluko
fluctuant <> flukt
fluctuate <> bocal
fluctuate <> düzen
fluctuate <> dalga
fluctuate <> inip
fluctuate <> karar
fluctuated <> dalga
fluctuates <> dalga
fluctuating <> bocal
fluctuating <> dalga
fluctuating <> inip
fluctuating <> karar
fluctuation <> bocal
fluctuation <> dalga
fluctuation <> değiş
fluctuation <> karar
fluctuation <> oynam
fluctuation <> tered
fluctuations <> dalga
flucytosine <> flusi
fludrocortisone <> fludr
flue <> baca
flue <> bir 
flue <> borul
flue <> ince
flue <> kırpı
flueless <> bacas
fluellite <> Flüel
fluence <> fluen
fluency <> akıcı
fluent <> akıcı
fluent <> düzgü
fluent <> sürük
fluently <> akıcı
fluently <> bülbü
fluently <> düzgü
fluently <> pürüz
flues <> Bacal
fluff <> ayva
fluff <> berba
fluff <> bozma
fluff <> fıstı
fluff <> hata
fluff <> işvel
fluff <> kötü
fluff <> kabar
fluff <> söyle
fluff <> tüy
fluff <> tüy 
fluff <> yüzün
fluffier <> kabar
fluffing <> kabar
fluffs <> Tüy
fluffy <> göste
fluffy <> iddia
fluffy <> kabar
fluffy <> tüy 
fluffy <> yumuş
flugel <> Flüge
fluid <> akışk
fluid <> akıcı
fluid <> değiş
fluid <> istik
fluid <> sıvı
fluidic <> akışk
fluidics <> Fluid
fluidised <> sıvıl
fluidity <> akışk
fluidity <> akıcı
fluidity <> değiş
fluidity <> istik
fluidization <> akışk
fluidized <> Akışk
fluidly <> akıcı
fluids <> sıvıl
fluke <> şans
fluke <> balin
fluke <> bekle
fluke <> dil
fluke <> dil 
fluke <> ok 
fluke <> sürpr
fluke <> sonda
fluke <> yassı
fluke <> zıpkı
flukes <> kurtl
flukey <> şans
flukey <> şansa
flukey <> dönek
flukey <> karar
flukey <> tesad
fluky <> şans
fluky <> şansa
fluky <> dönek
fluky <> karar
fluky <> tesad
flume <> kanal
flume <> suyol
flumes <> su
flummery <> anlam
flummery <> boş 
flummery <> palav
flummery <> unlu
flummery <> yalta
flummery <> yulaf
flummox <> çuval
flummox <> şaşır
flummox <> afall
flump <> güm
flump <> güm 
flump <> pat
flump <> pat 
flunarizine <> fluna
flung <> fırla
flunk <> çakma
flunk <> başar
flunk <> kalma
flunk <> okuld
flunk <> sınıf
flunkey <> dalka
flunkey <> evet
flunkey <> uşak
flunkeydom <> dalka
flunkeydom <> uşak
flunkeyism <> dalka
flunkeyism <> yalta
flunky <> dalka
flunky <> evet
flunky <> uşak
flunkydom <> dalka
flunkydom <> uşak
flunkyism <> dalka
flunkyism <> yalta
fluoborite <> Flüob
fluocerite <> Flüos
fluor <> kalsi
fluorapatite <> Flüor
fluoresce <> flüor
fluoresce <> flore
fluorescein <> flöre
fluorescence <> flüor
fluorescence <> flore
fluorescences <> flore
fluorescent <> flore
fluorescents <> flüor
fluorid <> flor
fluoridation <> florü
fluoride <> florü
fluoride <> fluor
fluorides <> florü
fluorinated <> florl
fluorine <> flori
fluorine <> fluor
fluorite <> flüor
fluorite <> flori
fluorocarbon <> floro
fluorochrome <> floro
fluorohydrocarbons <> floro
fluorometer <> flori
fluorometers <> Fluor
fluorometric <> floro
fluorometry <> Flori
fluoroplastic <> floro
fluoropolymer <> floro
fluoropolymers <> Floro
fluoroquinolone <> floro
fluoroquinolones <> fluor
fluoroscope <> fluor
fluoroscope <> röntg
fluoroscopic <> floro
fluoroscopically <> floro
fluoroscopy <> floro
fluorosilicate <> floro
fluorosis <> floro
fluorouracil <> fluor
fluors <> Fluor
fluorspar <> kalsi
fluoxetine <> fluok
flupentixol <> flupe
fluphenazine <> flufe
flurried <> heyec
flurried <> telaş
flurries <> Mevzi
flurry <> ani 
flurry <> balin
flurry <> bora
flurry <> herke
flurry <> heyec
flurry <> iki 
flurry <> kısa
flurry <> sağan
flurry <> telaş
flush <> çıkın
flush <> ağzın
flush <> aşırı
flush <> ankas
flush <> ateş
flush <> bir 
flush <> boşlu
flush <> bol
flush <> cömer
flush <> coşku
flush <> coştu
flush <> düz
flush <> düzle
flush <> fışkı
flush <> floş
flush <> gömme
flush <> harar
flush <> heyec
flush <> kırmı
flush <> kızar
flush <> kaçır
flush <> kanat
flush <> paral
flush <> renk
flush <> sifon
flush <> su 
flush <> taşkı
flush <> uçmak
flush <> yüzü
flushable <> yıkan
flushed <> kızar
flusher <> lağım
flusher <> sifon
flushes <> basma
flushing <> kızar
fluster <> bocal
fluster <> heyec
fluster <> iki 
fluster <> sarho
fluster <> telaş
flustered <> Flust
flutamide <> fluta
flute <> farba
flute <> fitil
flute <> flütç
flute <> flüt
flute <> oluk
flute <> pli
flute <> pli 
flute <> yiv
flute <> yiv 
fluted <> flütl
fluted <> yivli
flutes <> flütl
fluting <> flüt
fluting <> pli
fluting <> yiv 
flutings <> yivle
flutist <> flütç
flutter <> çırpı
flutter <> çarpı
flutter <> düzen
flutter <> dalga
flutter <> heyec
flutter <> küçük
flutter <> kanat
flutter <> pırpı
flutter <> telaş
flutter <> titre
fluttered <> dalga
fluttering <> çırpı
flutters <> çırpı
fluvial <> nehir
fluviatile <> akars
fluvoxamine <> fluvo
flux <> akış
flux <> akı
flux <> akınt
flux <> akma
flux <> değiş
flux <> met
flux <> yükse
fluxes <> akıla
fluxion <> Fluxi
fluxional <> değiş
fluxional <> karar
fluxions <> alırs
fly <> çadır
fly <> üzeri
fly <> açıkg
fly <> atılm
fly <> atlay
fly <> ayar
fly <> dalga
fly <> firar
fly <> haval
fly <> kaçma
fly <> kiral
fly <> olta
fly <> panto
fly <> saçıl
fly <> savru
fly <> sinek
fly <> uçakl
fly <> uçma
fly <> uçmak
fly <> uçuş
fly <> uçuşm
fly <> uçurm
fly <> uyanı
flyable <> uçula
flyaway <> hoppa
flyaway <> kalkı
flyaway <> rüzgâ
flyaway <> uçuşa
flyback <> Flyba
flyblow <> sinek
flyblown <> bozuk
flyblown <> bozul
flyblown <> kötü
flyblown <> kokmu
flyblown <> sinek
flyboys <> Flybo
flybridge <> güver
flyby <> alçak
flyby <> göste
flycatcher <> sinek
flyer <> pilot
flyer <> uçan
flyers <> el
flying <> acele
flying <> dalga
flying <> geçic
flying <> hızla
flying <> havac
flying <> kısa
flying <> savru
flying <> uçak
flying <> uçan
flying <> uçma
flying <> uçuş
flyover <> köprü
flyovers <> üst
flypaper <> sinek
flysch <> fliş
flyswatter <> sinek
flyswatters <> sinek
flyweight <> sinek
flywheel <> çark
flywheel <> volan
flywheels <> volan
fo <> çünkü
fo <> amacı
fo <> doğru
fo <> dolay
fo <> göre
fo <> için
fo <> karşı
fo <> neden
fo <> sebeb
fo <> uygun
fo <> yönün
fo <> yaray
fo <> zira
foal <> doğur
foal <> sıpa
foal <> tay
foal <> yavru
foalfoot <> devet
foals <> tayla
foam <> köpük
foam <> köpür
foam <> sünge
foamed <> köpük
foamed <> sünge
foaming <> köpür
foamless <> Köpük
foams <> köpük
foamy <> köpük
fob <> güver
fob <> hile
fob <> köste
fob <> kazık
fob <> saat
fob <> yuttu
focal <> merke
focal <> odak
focal <> odaks
focalize <> odağı
focalize <> odakl
focally <> fokal
foci <> odakl
focus <> bir 
focus <> dikka
focus <> odağı
focus <> odak
focus <> odakl
focusable <> odakl
focused <> odakl
focuses <> odakl
focusing <> odakl
focussed <> odakl
focusses <> odakl
focussing <> odakl
fodder <> kuru
fodder <> saman
fodder <> yem
fodder <> yem 
fodder <> yemle
fodders <> yemle
foe <> düşma
foe <> hasım
foe <> rakip
foeniculum <> Foeni
foes <> düşma
foetal <> cenin
foetal <> fetal
foeticide <> fetic
foetus <> cenin
foetus <> dölüt
foetuses <> fetus
fog <> bulan
fog <> donuk
fog <> duman
fog <> karar
fog <> pus
fog <> sis
fog <> sis 
fogbound <> sise
fogbound <> siste
fogey <> eski
fogeyish <> demod
fogeyish <> eski
fogeyish <> modas
fogged <> buğul
fogger <> sisle
foggers <> Sisle
fogginess <> belir
fogginess <> sisli
fogging <> sisle
foggy <> belir
foggy <> bulan
foggy <> duman
foggy <> karan
foggy <> mahmu
foggy <> serse
foggy <> sisli
foghorn <> sis
foghorn <> sis 
foglamps <> fogla
fogs <> Sisle
fogy <> eski
fogyish <> demod
fogyish <> eski
fogyish <> modas
fohn <> Föhn
foible <> boş 
foible <> zaaf
foible <> zayıf
foid <> feldi
foil <> önlem
foil <> bozma
foil <> engel
foil <> eskri
foil <> folyo
foil <> itmek
foil <> kıyas
foil <> meç
foil <> sır
foiled <> folyo
foils <> folyo
foilsman <> eskri
foist <> mal 
foist <> sokuş
foist <> yükle
foist <> yamam
foist <> yuttu
foisted <> sokuş
folate <> folat
folates <> folat
fold <> çökme
fold <> çırpm
fold <> ağıl
fold <> ağıla
fold <> aile
fold <> bükül
fold <> büklü
fold <> bükme
fold <> cemaa
fold <> kıvır
fold <> kıvrı
fold <> kapan
fold <> kat
fold <> katla
fold <> kavuş
fold <> kilis
fold <> pli
fold <> sürü
fold <> sarma
fold <> yuva
foldable <> katla
foldaway <> katla
foldaway <> porta
folded <> kıvrı
folded <> katla
folder <> broşü
folder <> dosya
folder <> kırma
folder <> katla
folder <> klâsö
folder <> klasö
folders <> klasö
folding <> çiftk
folding <> açılı
folding <> katla
folding <> porta
foldings <> kıvrı
folds <> kıvrı
folia <> Folia
foliaceous <> yapra
foliage <> ağaç
foliage <> yapra
foliage <> yeşil
foliaged <> yapra
foliar <> yapra
foliate <> bol
foliate <> bol 
foliate <> yapra
foliated <> yapra
foliation <> yapra
foliations <> folia
folic <> Folik
folies <> Folie
folinic <> folin
folio <> büyük
folio <> karşı
folio <> katla
folio <> yapra
folios <> Yapra
folk <> ırk
folk <> ahali
folk <> halk
folk <> insan
folk <> mille
folklife <> Folkl
folklore <> folkl
folklore <> halkb
folklores <> folkl
folkloric <> folkl
folklorism <> halkb
folklorist <> folkl
folklorist <> halk
folkloristic <> folkl
folklorists <> folkl
folks <> arkad
folks <> ev 
folks <> insan
folks <> yakın
folksinger <> folk
folksong <> türkü
folksongs <> türkü
folksy <> gelen
folksy <> halk
folksy <> köy 
folksy <> samim
folksy <> tekli
folktale <> masal
folktales <> Masal
folkways <> Folkw
folles <> folli
follicle <> bezci
follicle <> folik
follicle <> saç 
follicle <> tek 
follicles <> folik
follicular <> folik
follicularis <> folik
follicule <> Folik
folliculin <> folli
folliculitis <> folik
follies <> revü
follow <> bilar
follow <> dinle
follow <> dolay
follow <> izlem
follow <> izley
follow <> sürdü
follow <> sonra
follow <> sonuc
follow <> takip
follow <> uymak
followed <> takip
follower <> baskı
follower <> havar
follower <> hayra
follower <> hizme
follower <> mürit
follower <> peyk
follower <> takip
follower <> taraf
follower <> yanda
followers <> takip
following <> Aşağı
following <> ardın
following <> ertes
following <> hayra
following <> izlem
following <> izley
following <> mütea
following <> sonra
following <> taraf
followings <> aşağı
follows <> aşağı
followup <> takip
followups <> Sonra
folly <> çılgı
folly <> aptal
folly <> dekor
folly <> delil
fomalhaut <> Fomal
foment <> fesat
foment <> kışkı
foment <> sıcak
fomentation <> kışkı
fomentation <> sıcak
fomentation <> tahri
fomented <> kışkı
fomenter <> hizip
fomenter <> kışkı
fomenter <> tahri
fomenting <> kışkı
fond <> aşırı
fond <> abart
fond <> düşkü
fond <> perva
fond <> seven
fonda <> Fonda
fondant <> şeker
fondant <> fonda
fondation <> Fonda
fondations <> Vakıf
fondle <> okşam
fondle <> sevme
fondly <> aşırı
fondly <> aptal
fondly <> sever
fondness <> şefkâ
fondness <> düşkü
fondness <> muhab
fondness <> sevgi
fondness <> terci
fondu <> Fondu
fondue <> eritm
fondue <> fondü
fondues <> fondü
font <> font
font <> kayna
font <> lâmba
font <> memba
font <> pınar
font <> vafti
fontanel <> bıngı
fontanelle <> bıngı
fontanels <> fonta
fontina <> Fonti
fonts <> yazı
food <> besin
food <> gıda
food <> yem
food <> yemek
food <> yiyec
foods <> gıdal
foodservice <> Foods
foodstuff <> gıda
foodstuff <> yiyec
foodstuffs <> gıda
foody <> Foody
fool <> şaka
fool <> akıls
fool <> aptal
fool <> budal
fool <> eğlen
fool <> enayi
fool <> gülün
fool <> kandı
fool <> maska
fool <> meyve
fool <> oyala
fool <> salak
fool <> soyta
fool <> vakit
fooled <> aldat
foolery <> aptal
foolery <> delil
foolery <> maska
foolhardiness <> çılgı
foolhardiness <> delic
foolhardy <> çılgı
foolhardy <> cesur
foolhardy <> gözük
fooling <> ahmak
fooling <> aptal
fooling <> muzip
fooling <> yaram
foolish <> ahmak
foolish <> akıls
foolish <> aptal
foolish <> enayi
foolish <> gülün
foolish <> saçma
foolish <> serse
foolishly <> ahmak
foolishly <> akıls
foolishly <> aptal
foolishly <> enayi
foolishly <> saçma
foolishness <> ahmak
foolishness <> aptal
foolishness <> budal
foolishness <> enayi
foolproof <> basit
foolproof <> güven
foolproof <> sağla
fools <> aptal
foolscap <> büyük
foot <> çıkar
foot <> ödeme
foot <> adım
foot <> ayak
foot <> dip
foot <> etek
foot <> hesap
foot <> piyad
foot <> uyak
footage <> foot
footage <> görün
football <> futbo
footballer <> futbo
footballers <> futbo
footballing <> futbo
footbath <> ayak
footbaths <> ayak
footbed <> taban
footboy <> çırak
footboy <> komi
footbridge <> üst
footbridge <> üst 
footbridge <> yaya
footbridges <> yaya
footcandles <> footc
footed <> ayakl
footer <> foote
footer <> futbo
footers <> altbi
footfall <> ayak
footgear <> çorap
footgear <> ayak
footgear <> ayakk
foothill <> bayır
foothill <> dağ 
foothills <> dağ
foothills <> dağ 
foothold <> ayak
foothold <> tutun
footing <> ayak
footing <> durum
footing <> esas
footing <> temel
footing <> tutun
footing <> yer
footings <> temel
footle <> ahmak
footle <> aptal
footle <> aylak
footle <> boşa
footle <> oyala
footle <> saçma
footless <> asıls
footless <> ayaks
footless <> temel
footless <> yarar
footlights <> sahne
footlights <> tiyat
footling <> önems
footling <> aptal
footling <> değer
footling <> ufak
footloose <> başıb
footloose <> kayıt
footloose <> serbe
footman <> piyad
footman <> uşak
footmark <> ayak
footnote <> dipno
footnotes <> Dipno
footpace <> Yürüy
footpad <> haydu
footpad <> yaya
footpath <> kaldı
footpath <> keçi
footpath <> patik
footpaths <> kaldı
footplate <> stape
footprint <> ayak
footprint <> iz
footprints <> ayak
footrace <> koşu
footrace <> yaya
footrest <> ayak
foots <> posa
foots <> telve
foots <> tortu
footsore <> ayakl
footstep <> adım
footstep <> ayak
footstep <> basam
footsteps <> ayak
footstool <> ayak
footstool <> tabur
footwall <> taban
footware <> ayakk
footway <> kaldı
footway <> yaya
footwear <> çorap
footwear <> ayak
footwear <> ayakk
footwears <> ayakk
footwell <> ayak
footwork <> ayak
foozle <> becer
foozle <> yüzün
fop <> züppe
foppery <> züppe
foppish <> züppe
fops <> FOPS
for <> çünkü
for <> amacı
for <> doğru
for <> dolay
for <> göre
for <> için
for <> karşı
for <> neden
for <> sebeb
for <> uygun
for <> yönün
for <> yaray
for <> zira
forage <> araşt
forage <> baskı
forage <> didik
forage <> eşele
forage <> hücum
forage <> yağma
forage <> yem
forage <> yiyec
forager <> Kaşif
forages <> kaba
foraging <> yem 
foraging <> yiyec
foram <> foram
foramens <> foram
foraminifera <> foram
foraminiferal <> foram
foraminifers <> foram
foraminotomy <> foram
forams <> Foram
forane <> Foran
forasmuch <> Zira
foray <> çapul
foray <> akın
foray <> atılı
foray <> baskı
foray <> basma
foray <> yağma
forays <> baskı
forb <> Forb
forbade <> yasak
forbear <> ata
forbear <> ced
forbear <> hoşgö
forbear <> kaçın
forbear <> kendi
forbear <> sabre
forbear <> sakın
forbear <> vazge
forbearance <> hoşgö
forbearance <> kaçın
forbearance <> sabır
forbearance <> sakın
forbearance <> toler
forbearing <> acele
forbears <> atala
forbesite <> Forbe
forbid <> engel
forbid <> menet
forbid <> olana
forbid <> yasak
forbidden <> yasak
forbiddens <> yasak
forbiddeth <> yasak
forbidding <> çekil
forbidding <> ciddi
forbidding <> haşin
forbidding <> korku
forbidding <> riskl
forbidding <> sert
forbidding <> tehli
forbidding <> vahim
forbids <> yasak
force <> çabuk
force <> ırzın
force <> şidde
force <> baskı
force <> birli
force <> etki
force <> güç
force <> geçer
force <> kütle
force <> kudre
force <> kuvve
force <> mecbu
force <> nüfuz
force <> sıkış
force <> serad
force <> yükse
force <> yürür
force <> yığın
force <> zor
force <> zorla
forced <> mecbu
forced <> zorak
forced <> zorun
forcedly <> mecbu
forcedly <> zorak
forcedly <> zorun
forcefield <> Force
forceful <> şidde
forceful <> etkil
forceful <> etkin
forceful <> güçlü
forceful <> kuvve
forcefully <> zorla
forcefulness <> şidde
forcefulness <> etki
forcefulness <> etkin
forcefulness <> güç
forceps <> forse
forceps <> maşa
forceps <> pens
forces <> güçle
forcible <> etkil
forcible <> zorla
forcibly <> şidde
forcibly <> zorla
forcing <> serad
forcing <> turfa
forcing <> zorla
forcings <> zorla
ford <> ford
ford <> nehri
ford <> sığ 
fordable <> sığ
fordable <> yürüy
fords <> geçit
fore <> ön
fore <> önde
fore <> öndek
fore <> baş 
fore <> dikka
fore <> pruva
forearm <> önced
forearm <> önkol
forearm <> kolun
forearms <> Dirse
forebear <> ata
forebear <> ced
forebears <> atala
forebode <> önced
forebode <> belir
forebode <> içine
foreboding <> önsez
foreboding <> içine
forebrain <> önbey
forecast <> tahmi
forecast <> tasar
forecasted <> tahmi
forecaster <> tahmi
forecasting <> tahmi
forecastle <> üst
forecastle <> üst 
forecastle <> baş 
forecasts <> tahmi
foreclose <> önlem
foreclose <> menet
foreclose <> zaman
foreclosed <> irat
foreclosure <> cebri
foreclosure <> ipote
foreclosure <> rehin
foreclosures <> Forec
forecourt <> avlu
foredeck <> ön
foredeep <> Ön
foredoom <> başar
foredoomed <> başar
foreface <> Yüzün
forefather <> ata
forefather <> ced
forefathers <> atala
forefinger <> işare
forefoot <> önaya
forefront <> ön
forefront <> ön 
forego <> önce
forego <> önced
forego <> bırak
forego <> vazge
foregoing <> öncek
foregoing <> yukar
foregone <> kaçın
foreground <> ön
foreground <> ön 
foregrounded <> ön
foregrounding <> öne
forehand <> atın
forehand <> foreh
forehand <> sağ 
forehands <> foreh
forehead <> alın
foreheads <> alınl
foreign <> dış
foreign <> yaban
foreigner <> ecneb
foreigner <> yaban
foreigners <> Yaban
foreignness <> ecneb
foreignness <> yaban
forein <> bildi
forejudge <> önyar
forejudgement <> önyar
forejudgment <> önyar
foreknow <> önced
foreknowledge <> önbil
foreknowledge <> önced
forel <> Forel
foreland <> çıkın
foreland <> burun
forelands <> önler
foreleg <> önaya
foreleg <> kol
forelegs <> ön
forelimbs <> ön
forelock <> kâkül
forelock <> perçe
foreman <> jüri
foreman <> kolba
foreman <> ustab
foremanship <> kalfa
foremast <> pruva
foremen <> ustab
forementioned <> Otori
foremost <> önde
foremost <> baş
foremost <> başta
foremost <> en 
foremost <> ilkön
forename <> ön 
forename <> isim
forenames <> Önadl
forenoon <> öğled
forensic <> adli
forensic <> mahke
forensically <> Derne
forensics <> adli
foreordain <> önced
foreordain <> alnın
foreordination <> alın
foreordination <> kısme
foreordination <> kader
foreordination <> nasip
forepart <> ön
forepart <> ön 
forepeak <> Başpi
foreplay <> ön
forequarters <> ÖN
forerunner <> ata
forerunner <> cet
forerunner <> haber
forerunner <> müjde
forerunners <> öncül
foresail <> ön
foresail <> ön 
foresails <> trink
foresaw <> öngör
foresee <> önced
foresee <> gelec
foresee <> ileri
foresee <> tahmi
foreseeability <> öngör
foreseeable <> Öngör
foreseeable <> sezil
foreseeable <> tahmi
foreseeing <> öngör
foreseen <> öngör
foresees <> öngör
foresets <> alıns
foreshadow <> önced
foreshadow <> belir
foreshadowed <> haber
foreshadowing <> haber
foreshadows <> haber
foreship <> pruva
foreshocks <> öncü
foreshore <> sular
foreshores <> Kıyıl
foreshorten <> yanın
foresight <> öngör
foresight <> önlem
foresight <> önsez
foresight <> arpac
foresight <> basir
foresight <> sağdu
foresight <> sağgö
foresight <> tedbi
foresighted <> ileri
foresightedness <> Bekle
foresights <> öngör
foreskin <> penis
foreskin <> sünne
forest <> ağaçl
forest <> orman
forestall <> önüne
forestall <> önce
forestall <> önced
forestall <> önlem
forestall <> stokl
forestalled <> önüne
forestation <> ağaçl
forested <> orman
forester <> koruc
forester <> orman
foresters <> orman
forestier <> Fores
forestland <> orman
forestlands <> orman
forestomach <> midel
forestry <> orman
forests <> orman
foresty <> orman
foretaste <> önced
foretell <> önced
foretell <> gaipt
foretell <> kehan
foretell <> mek
foretelling <> gaipt
foretells <> kahin
forethought <> önlem
forethought <> önsez
forethought <> gelec
forethought <> sağdu
forethought <> sağgö
forethought <> tedbi
forethoughtful <> önsez
forethoughtful <> düşün
forethoughtful <> ihtiy
forethoughtful <> sağdu
forethoughtful <> tedbi
foretoken <> belir
foretoken <> işare
foretold <> Kırmı
foretop <> pruva
forever <> daima
forever <> devam
forever <> durma
forever <> ebedi
forever <> sonsu
forevermore <> daima
forevermore <> sonsu
foreview <> Forev
forewarn <> ikaz
forewarn <> uyarm
forewoman <> baş
forewoman <> baş 
forewoman <> jüri
foreword <> önsöz
forewords <> önsöz
forfeit <> bedel
forfeit <> ceza
forfeit <> ihmal
forfeit <> kayıp
forfeit <> kaybe
forfeit <> zarar
forfeited <> kaybe
forfeiting <> yitir
forfeits <> kaybe
forfeiture <> hakkı
forfeiture <> kaybe
forfeitures <> tutar
forfication <> Sağla
forgather <> topla
forgave <> bağış
forge <> biçim
forge <> dövme
forge <> düzen
forge <> demir
forge <> işlem
forge <> nalba
forge <> oluşt
forge <> sahte
forge <> uydur
forgeable <> dövül
forgeable <> işlen
forged <> dövme
forged <> kalp
forged <> sahte
forger <> demir
forger <> imza
forger <> kalpa
forger <> mucit
forger <> sahte
forger <> takli
forgeries <> sahte
forgers <> kalpa
forgery <> imza
forgery <> kalpa
forgery <> sahte
forges <> uydur
forget <> hatır
forget <> ihmal
forget <> unutm
forgetful <> ihmal
forgetful <> kayıt
forgetful <> unutk
forgetfulness <> ihmal
forgetfulness <> kayıt
forgetfulness <> unutk
forgets <> unutm
forgettable <> hatır
forgettable <> unutu
forgettest <> Unutt
forgetting <> unutm
forging <> dövme
forgings <> dövme
forgivable <> affed
forgivable <> bağış
forgive <> affet
forgive <> bağış
forgive <> kusur
forgive <> silme
forgiven <> affed
forgiveness <> af
forgiveness <> affet
forgiveness <> bağış
forgiver <> affed
forgives <> bağış
forgiveth <> bağış
forgiving <> af
forgiving <> affed
forgiving <> bağış
forgiving <> hoşgö
forgiving <> kin 
forgo <> bırak
forgo <> vazge
forgo <> yoksu
forgot <> unutt
forgotten <> unutu
forint <> forin
forjudge <> mahke
fork <> çatal
fork <> ayrıl
fork <> belle
fork <> yaba
forked <> çatal
forking <> çatal
forklifts <> forkl
forks <> çatal
forlorn <> ümits
forlorn <> ıssız
forlorn <> kimse
forlorn <> periş
forlorn <> terke
form <> şekil
form <> beden
form <> biçim
form <> düzen
form <> davra
form <> form
form <> kalıp
form <> karak
form <> kurma
form <> model
form <> oluşt
form <> sınıf
form <> sıra
form <> tarz
form <> tavır
form <> vücut
form <> yönte
form <> yapı
formability <> şekil
formable <> şekil
formably <> uyums
formal <> biçim
formal <> düzgü
formal <> gece
formal <> gelen
formal <> kanun
formal <> munta
formal <> resmi
formal <> tuval
formaldehyde <> forma
formaldehydes <> forma
formalin <> forma
formalin <> karın
formalisation <> resmi
formalise <> şekil
formalise <> biçim
formalise <> resmi
formalised <> resmi
formalising <> forma
formalism <> şekil
formalism <> biçim
formalisms <> formü
formalist <> şekil
formalist <> forma
formalistic <> şekil
formalists <> Forma
formalities <> forma
formality <> forma
formality <> resmi
formality <> tören
formality <> usul
formalization <> resmi
formalize <> şekil
formalize <> biçim
formalize <> resmi
formalized <> resmi
formally <> şekle
formally <> biçim
formally <> resme
formally <> usule
formals <> Forma
formamide <> forma
formanite <> Forma
format <> biçim
format <> boyut
format <> forma
format <> kitap
format <> sayfa
formate <> forma
formated <> forma
formates <> forma
formating <> biçim
formation <> biçim
formation <> düzen
formation <> forma
formation <> oluşt
formation <> oluşu
formation <> yapım
formational <> oluşu
formations <> forma
formative <> şekil
formative <> biçim
formative <> ek
formative <> geliş
formative <> oluşm
formative <> sözcü
formative <> takı
formats <> biçim
formatted <> biçim
formatter <> biçem
formatters <> biçem
formatting <> biçim
forme <> forma
formed <> oluşa
former <> öncek
former <> biçim
former <> eski
former <> gövde
former <> geçen
former <> geçmi
former <> sınıf
former <> sabık
formerly <> önced
formerly <> eskid
formerly <> vakti
formes <> Forme
formfitting <> vücud
formic <> formi
formic <> karın
formicary <> karın
formicate <> karın
formication <> karın
formicidae <> Formi
formidable <> dişli
formidable <> heybe
formidable <> korku
formidable <> müthi
formidable <> tüyle
formidable <> zor
formidable <> zorlu
forming <> şekil
forming <> biçim
forming <> kalıp
forming <> kurma
formity <> defor
formless <> şekil
formless <> biçim
formlessly <> şekil
formlessness <> biçim
forms <> forml
formula <> boş 
formula <> formü
formula <> mama
formula <> reçet
formulae <> formü
formulaic <> Denek
formular <> Formu
formularies <> formü
formularization <> formü
formulary <> formü
formulary <> kodek
formulas <> formü
formulate <> açık
formulate <> formü
formulate <> hazır
formulated <> formü
formulates <> formü
formulating <> formü
formulation <> açık
formulation <> formü
formulations <> formü
formulator <> formü
formulators <> formü
formules <> formü
formulised <> Formü
formulising <> formü
formulism <> formü
formulization <> formü
formulize <> formü
formulized <> formü
formulizing <> formü
formwork <> kalıp
formworks <> Kalıp
formyl <> formi
fornicate <> zina
fornication <> evlil
fornication <> zina
fornicator <> zampa
fornicator <> zina
fornicators <> fuhuş
fornicatress <> zina
fornices <> forni
fornix <> forni
forrader <> forra
forrader <> ileri
fors <> Fors
forsake <> bırak
forsake <> terke
forsake <> vazge
forsaken <> ıssız
forsaken <> tenha
forsaken <> terke
forsakenness <> buydu
forsaking <> vazge
forsooth <> gerçe
forsooth <> hakik
forster <> Forst
forsterite <> forst
forsure <> Forsu
forswear <> tövbe
forswear <> yemin
forsworn <> yalan
forsythia <> hor
forsythia <> hor 
fort <> hisar
fort <> kale
forte <> en 
forte <> forte
forte <> kişin
forte <> kuvet
forte <> sesli
forth <> başka
forth <> dışar
forth <> diğer
forth <> ileri
forth <> sair
forthcoming <> çıkac
forthcoming <> önümü
forthcoming <> açık
forthcoming <> cana
forthcoming <> dost
forthcoming <> gelec
forthcoming <> hazır
forthcoming <> konuş
forthcoming <> yakla
forthright <> açık
forthright <> dobra
forthright <> içten
forthright <> samim
forthwith <> derha
forthwith <> hemen
forties <> kırk
forties <> kırkl
fortieth <> kırkı
fortieth <> kırkt
fortifiable <> sağla
fortification <> esas
fortification <> güçle
fortification <> istih
fortification <> kuvve
fortification <> takvi
fortification <> temel
fortifications <> tahki
fortified <> takvi
fortifier <> alkol
fortifier <> kuvve
fortifier <> takvi
fortify <> alkol
fortify <> canla
fortify <> deste
fortify <> kuvve
fortify <> takvi
fortifying <> güçle
fortissimo <> çok
fortissimo <> çok 
fortitude <> cesar
fortitude <> dayan
fortitude <> metan
fortitude <> taham
fortnight <> iki
fortnight <> iki 
fortnight <> onbeş
fortnightly <> iki
fortnightly <> iki 
fortnightly <> onbeş
fortress <> hisar
fortress <> kale
fortresses <> kalel
forts <> kale
fortuitism <> geliş
fortuitous <> geçic
fortuitous <> rastl
fortuitous <> tesad
fortuitously <> rastl
fortuitously <> tesad
fortuity <> rastl
fortuity <> tesad
fortunate <> şansl
fortunate <> bahtı
fortunate <> hayır
fortunate <> tâlih
fortunate <> uğurl
fortunately <> çok
fortunately <> çok 
fortunately <> Allah
fortunately <> berek
fortunately <> iyi 
fortune <> şans
fortune <> baht
fortune <> kısme
fortune <> kader
fortune <> serve
fortune <> tâlih
fortune <> uğur
fortune <> zengi
fortuneless <> şanss
fortuneless <> bahts
fortuneless <> paras
fortunes <> fala
fortuneteller <> Fortu
fortunetelling <> fal
forty <> kırk
forum <> forum
forum <> mahke
forum <> oturu
forum <> pazar
forum <> topla
forums <> forum
forward <> ön
forward <> öndek
forward <> öne
forward <> büyüm
forward <> cüret
forward <> erken
forward <> fazla
forward <> forve
forward <> gönde
forward <> hazır
forward <> ileri
forward <> ilerl
forward <> istek
forward <> sevke
forward <> turfa
forward <> vadel
forward <> yeni
forward <> yolla
forwardable <> yönle
forwarded <> ileti
forwarder <> gönde
forwarder <> ileti
forwarder <> taşım
forwarders <> ileti
forwarding <> gönde
forwarding <> nakli
forwarding <> sevk
forwarding <> sevki
forwardings <> yönle
forwardness <> cüret
forwardness <> erken
forwardness <> hırs
forwardness <> hazır
forwardness <> ileri
forwardness <> ilerl
forwardness <> küsta
forwards <> öne
forwards <> ileri
forwent <> bırak
forwent <> vazge
forwhy <> çünkü
forwhy <> neden
forwhy <> niçin
forworn <> bitki
forworn <> yorgu
fosfomycin <> Fosfo
foshagite <> Foşaj
fosinopril <> Fosin
fossae <> fossa
fosse <> çukur
fosse <> hende
fossil <> eski
fossil <> fosil
fossil <> köhne
fossil <> taşıl
fossil <> taşla
fossiliferous <> fosil
fossilisation <> Fosil
fossilised <> fosil
fossilization <> çağın
fossilization <> fosil
fossilization <> taş 
fossilize <> çağın
fossilize <> fosil
fossilize <> taşla
fossilized <> fosil
fossils <> fosil
fossorial <> kazıc
fossorial <> kazma
foster <> büyüt
foster <> bakma
foster <> besle
foster <> gayre
foster <> teşvi
fostered <> teşvi
fostering <> teşvi
fosterling <> evlat
fosterling <> manev
fosterling <> süt 
fosters <> teşvi
fought <> mücad
foul <> çarpı
foul <> çarpm
foul <> çirki
foul <> açık
foul <> ağır
foul <> bindi
foul <> bozma
foul <> bozuk
foul <> dolaş
foul <> faul
foul <> faull
foul <> fena
foul <> hain
foul <> hileb
foul <> hilek
foul <> iğren
foul <> kaba
foul <> kabac
foul <> karış
foul <> kirle
foul <> kokuş
foul <> kural
foul <> pis
foul <> pisle
foul <> tıkam
foul <> tıkan
foul <> zor 
foulard <> fular
foulard <> ince
foulards <> fular
foulbrood <> yavru
fouled <> Faul
fouling <> kirle
foully <> çirki
foully <> iğren
foulness <> bozuk
foulness <> iğren
foulness <> kokuş
foulness <> pisli
fouls <> Faull
found <> bulun
found <> dökme
found <> dayan
found <> kalıb
found <> kurma
found <> temel
foundation <> asıl
foundation <> astar
foundation <> esas
foundation <> fondö
foundation <> korse
foundation <> kurma
foundation <> kurul
foundation <> kurum
foundation <> makya
foundation <> temel
foundation <> tesis
foundation <> vakıf
foundational <> temel
foundationalist <> temel
foundationalists <> Temel
foundations <> temel
founded <> kurul
founder <> çökme
founder <> batma
founder <> boşa
founder <> döküm
founder <> kuruc
founder <> sakat
founder <> sapla
founder <> yıkıl
founders <> Kuruc
founding <> kuruc
foundings <> bulun
foundling <> sokak
foundling <> terke
foundlings <> bulun
foundress <> kadın
foundress <> kuruc
foundries <> döküm
foundry <> döküm
foundrymen <> Döküm
founds <> kurar
fount <> kayna
fount <> memba
fount <> pınar
fountain <> çeşme
fountain <> fıski
fountain <> kayna
fountain <> memba
fountain <> pınar
fountainhead <> Fount
fountains <> çeşme
four <> dört
four <> dörtl
fourche <> Fourc
fourfold <> dört
fourmarierite <> Forma
fourscore <> sekse
foursome <> dört
foursome <> dörtl
foursquare <> dört
foursquare <> kare
foursquare <> metin
foursquare <> otura
foursquare <> sıkı
foursquare <> sağla
fourteen <> on
fourteen <> on 
fourteenth <> on
fourteenth <> on 
fourteenthly <> on
fourteenthly <> on 
fourth <> dördü
fourth <> dörtt
fourth <> do 
fourthly <> dördü
fourths <> dörtt
fouth <> Dördü
foveal <> fovea
fowl <> av 
fowl <> kümes
fowl <> kuş 
fowler <> avcı
fowler <> kuş 
fowlers <> Fowle
fowling <> av
fowling <> kuş 
fowls <> tavuk
fox <> aldat
fox <> ekşim
fox <> kurna
fox <> sarar
fox <> tilki
foxed <> sarar
foxes <> tilki
foxfire <> Foxfi
foxglove <> yüksü
foxhole <> siper
foxhole <> tilki
foxhound <> Foxho
foxiness <> kurna
foxtail <> tilki
foxtrot <> dört
foxtrot <> fokst
foxwoods <> Foxwo
foxy <> kızıl
foxy <> kurna
foxy <> sarar
foxy <> tilki
foy <> Foy
foyer <> fuaye
foyer <> giriş
foyers <> fuaye
foyle <> Foyle
foyles <> Foyle
fracas <> gürül
fracas <> kavga
fracas <> patır
fractal <> frakt
fractals <> frakt
fraction <> bölüm
fraction <> bölme
fraction <> damıt
fraction <> kesim
fraction <> kesir
fraction <> parça
fractional <> azıcı
fractional <> küçüc
fractional <> kısmi
fractional <> kadem
fractional <> kesir
fractionally <> kesir
fractionary <> kesri
fractionary <> parça
fractionate <> damıt
fractionate <> parça
fractionated <> fraks
fractionating <> fraks
fractionation <> ayırm
fractionation <> damıt
fractionator <> parça
fractioned <> fraks
fractioning <> fraks
fractionize <> kesir
fractions <> kesir
fractious <> aksi
fractious <> dik 
fractious <> huysu
fractious <> inatç
fractious <> serke
fractious <> ters
fractiousness <> aksil
fractiousness <> dik 
fractiousness <> huysu
fractiousness <> serke
fractography <> frakt
fractural <> eğiml
fracture <> çatla
fracture <> kırık
fracture <> kırıl
fracture <> kırma
fractured <> çatla
fractured <> kırık
fractures <> kırık
fracturing <> çatla
fractus <> fract
fragaria <> Fraga
fragger <> Fragg
fragilaria <> Fragi
fragile <> çıtkı
fragile <> alıng
fragile <> gevre
fragile <> ince
fragile <> kırıl
fragile <> kolay
fragile <> narin
fragilities <> kırıl
fragility <> gevre
fragility <> incel
fragility <> kırıl
fragility <> narin
fragment <> bölüm
fragment <> fragm
fragment <> kırın
fragment <> kısım
fragment <> parça
fragmental <> parça
fragmental <> tamam
fragmentary <> bölük
fragmentary <> kısım
fragmentary <> parça
fragmentary <> tamam
fragmentation <> parça
fragmentations <> parça
fragmented <> parça
fragmenting <> parça
fragments <> parça
fragmin <> FRAGM
fragrance <> ıtır
fragrance <> güzel
fragrance <> koku
fragrance <> mis
fragranced <> kokuy
fragrances <> kokul
fragrant <> güzel
fragrant <> hoş
fragrant <> kokul
fragrant <> mis 
frags <> Frags
frail <> çelim
frail <> ahlak
frail <> hafif
frail <> kolay
frail <> narin
frail <> tatsı
frail <> yavan
frail <> zayıf
frailness <> hafif
frailness <> narin
frailness <> zayıf
frailty <> kolay
frailty <> narin
frailty <> zaaf
frailty <> zayıf
fraim <> Fraim
fraise <> freze
fraise <> siper
fraised <> freze
fraises <> Frais
fraktur <> Frakt
frambesia <> sifil
framboise <> framb
frame <> çamur
frame <> çatı
frame <> çerçe
frame <> şasi
frame <> arka
frame <> beden
frame <> düzen
frame <> iş 
frame <> ifade
frame <> iskel
frame <> kare
frame <> kompl
frame <> kurma
frame <> sera
frame <> tezgâ
frame <> uydur
frame <> yapı
frame <> yarad
framed <> çerçe
framed <> iskel
framegrabber <> Frame
frameless <> çerçe
framer <> çatıs
framer <> çerçe
framer <> kuruc
framer <> tasar
framers <> hazır
frames <> çerçe
framework <> çatı
framework <> çerçe
framework <> iskel
framework <> kadro
framework <> siste
framework <> yapı
frameworks <> çerçe
framing <> çerçe
franc <> frang
franc <> frank
franchise <> üyeli
franchise <> ayrıc
franchise <> dokun
franchise <> hak
franchise <> imtiy
franchise <> muhaf
franchise <> satış
franchised <> franc
franchisee <> Franc
franchisees <> Franc
franchiser <> Bayin
franchisers <> bayil
franchises <> Franc
franchisor <> Franc
francium <> frans
francolin <> turaç
francolins <> turaç
francolite <> Frank
francs <> frank
frangible <> kırıl
frangible <> kolay
frangipane <> badem
franglais <> İngil
franglais <> frang
frank <> ücret
frank <> Frenk
frank <> açık
frank <> dürüs
frank <> içi 
frank <> mektu
frank <> sözün
frank <> samim
frankenstein <> Frank
frankfort <> Frank
frankfurter <> bahar
frankfurts <> Frank
frankincense <> buhur
frankincense <> günlü
franking <> damga
frankish <> Frenk
franklin <> arazi
franklin <> halk
franklinite <> Frank
franklins <> Frank
frankly <> açıkç
frankly <> dürüs
frankly <> doğru
frankly <> dobra
frankly <> samim
frankness <> açık
frankness <> samim
franks <> Frank
frantic <> çıldı
frantic <> çılgı
frantic <> ümits
frantic <> aşırı
frantic <> boşun
frantic <> humma
frantic <> zıvan
frantically <> çılgı
frap <> sıkı
frappe <> buzlu
frappe <> frape
frappe <> frapp
fras <> Fras
frascati <> Frasc
frat <> ünive
frater <> manas
fraternal <> karde
fraternally <> Karde
fraternities <> tarik
fraternity <> ünive
fraternity <> birli
fraternity <> derne
fraternity <> karde
fraternization <> arkad
fraternization <> dost
fraternize <> dostç
fraternize <> dost
fraternize <> karde
fratricidal <> karde
fratricide <> karde
fraud <> dolan
fraud <> hile
fraud <> hileb
fraud <> hilek
fraud <> numar
fraud <> sahte
frauds <> dolan
fraudster <> dolan
fraudsters <> dolan
fraudulence <> hilek
fraudulence <> sahte
fraudulency <> hilek
fraudulency <> sahte
fraudulent <> dolan
fraudulent <> hileb
fraudulent <> hilek
fraudulent <> hilel
fraudulent <> sahte
fraudulently <> sahte
fraught <> dolu
fraught <> endiş
fraught <> rahat
fraught <> yüklü
fraulein <> Fraul
fraunhofer <> Fraun
fraxinus <> Fraxi
fray <> aşınd
fray <> aşınm
fray <> boynu
fray <> karış
fray <> kavga
fray <> mücâd
fray <> savaş
fray <> yıpra
frayed <> yıpra
fraying <> yıpra
frazzle <> bitki
frazzle <> eskim
frazzle <> yıpra
frazzle <> yorma
frazzle <> yorul
freak <> aşırı
freak <> acayi
freak <> anorm
freak <> bağım
freak <> freak
freak <> garip
freak <> heves
freak <> hilka
freak <> kapri
freak <> maymu
freak <> merak
freak <> uyuşt
freaked <> çıldı
freakish <> acayi
freakish <> anorm
freakish <> garip
freakish <> kapri
freakish <> yarat
freakshow <> Freak
freck <> Freck
freckle <> çil
freckle <> çil 
freckle <> çille
freckle <> benek
freckle <> kusur
freckled <> çilli
freckled <> benli
freckles <> çille
freckling <> çille
free <> özgür
free <> ücret
free <> açık
free <> alets
free <> bağım
free <> bedav
free <> boş
free <> doğal
free <> hür
free <> kısıt
free <> kurta
free <> masra
free <> muaf
free <> paras
free <> salıv
free <> samim
free <> serbe
free <> tahli
free <> vergi
freebase <> Freeb
freebie <> Freeb
freeboard <> fribo
freebooter <> çapul
freebooter <> korsa
freebooter <> yağma
freed <> azat
freed <> kurta
freed <> serbe
freedman <> azatl
freedmen <> azled
freedom <> özgür
freedom <> açık
freedom <> bağım
freedom <> fahri
freedom <> hürri
freedom <> irade
freedom <> istik
freedom <> lauba
freedom <> muafi
freedom <> onurs
freedom <> seçme
freedoms <> özgür
freedwoman <> azat
freefall <> Serbe
freehand <> alets
freehand <> düzen
freehand <> el 
freehand <> elle
freehand <> rasge
freehanded <> cömer
freehanded <> el 
freehanded <> eli
freehanded <> eli 
freehanded <> elle
freehearted <> açık
freehearted <> cömer
freehearted <> eli
freehearted <> eli 
freehearted <> samim
freehearted <> serbe
freehold <> mülk
freehold <> mülki
freeholder <> mülk
freeholders <> Sahip
freeing <> azat
freelance <> bağım
freelance <> paral
freelance <> serbe
freelancer <> bağım
freelancer <> freel
freelancers <> serbe
freeliver <> boğaz
freeliver <> bol 
freeliver <> keyfi
freeloader <> asala
freeloader <> beleş
freeloader <> otlak
freeloaders <> freel
freely <> özgür
freely <> bağım
freely <> rahat
freely <> serbe
freeman <> özgür
freeman <> azat
freeman <> liber
freeman <> onurs
freeman <> serbe
freemason <> farma
freemason <> mason
freemasonry <> farma
freemasons <> Mason
freemen <> Freem
freeness <> özgür
freenet <> Freen
freephone <> Ücret
freer <> özgür
frees <> boşal
freesia <> frezy
freesia <> süsen
freesias <> frezy
freest <> özgür
freestanding <> ocakl
freestone <> yarma
freestylers <> Frees
freestyles <> frees
freet <> Freet
freethinker <> özgür
freetrader <> serbe
freeway <> çevre
freeway <> ekspr
freeway <> otoba
freeways <> otoyo
freewheel <> pedal
freewheel <> serbe
freewheeling <> düşün
freewheeling <> dikka
freewheeling <> kayıt
freewheeling <> kaygı
freewheeling <> serbe
freewill <> özgür
freewill <> hür
freewill <> hür 
freezable <> dondu
freeze <> buz 
freeze <> buzla
freeze <> don
freeze <> donak
freeze <> dondu
freeze <> donma
freeze <> kırma
freezed <> dondu
freezer <> buzdo
freezer <> buzlu
freezer <> derin
freezer <> dondu
freezers <> dondu
freezes <> donuy
freezing <> çok 
freezing <> buz 
freezing <> dondu
freezing <> donma
freezing <> konje
freezing <> soğuk
freieslebenite <> Freyi
freight <> gönde
freight <> nakle
freight <> nakli
freight <> navlu
freight <> taşım
freight <> yük
freight <> yükle
freightage <> nakli
freightage <> yük 
freighter <> şilep
freighter <> kargo
freighter <> yük
freighter <> yük 
freighters <> kargo
freighting <> Freig
freightliner <> FREIG
freights <> navlu
fremd <> Fremd
french <> Frans
frenches <> Frans
frenetic <> çılgı
frenetic <> şidde
frenetic <> humma
frenulum <> Frenu
frenzied <> çılgı
frenzied <> şidde
frenzied <> coşku
frenzy <> çıldı
frenzy <> çılgı
frenzy <> öfke
frenzy <> aşırı
frenzy <> coşku
frenzy <> karış
frenzy <> kendi
frenzy <> kudur
frenzy <> taşkı
freons <> freon
frequence <> freka
frequencies <> freka
frequency <> freka
frequency <> sık 
frequency <> sıklı
frequency <> titre
frequent <> dadan
frequent <> devam
frequent <> hızlı
frequent <> sık
frequent <> sık 
frequentative <> tekra
frequented <> ayakü
frequented <> işlek
frequenter <> devam
frequenter <> müdav
frequenters <> müdav
frequently <> çoğu
frequently <> çoğun
frequently <> sıkça
frequently <> sık
frequently <> sık 
freres <> Frere
fresco <> fresk
fresco <> nakış
frescoed <> fresk
frescoes <> fresk
frescos <> fresk
fresh <> ışıl
fresh <> arsız
fresh <> canlı
fresh <> deniz
fresh <> dinç
fresh <> günlü
fresh <> giyil
fresh <> hayat
fresh <> körpe
fresh <> küsta
fresh <> serin
fresh <> tapta
fresh <> taze
fresh <> temiz
fresh <> yüzsü
fresh <> yeni
fresh <> zinde
freshen <> canla
freshen <> doğur
freshen <> ferah
freshen <> serin
freshen <> sertl
freshen <> tazel
freshen <> zinde
freshener <> sprey
fresheners <> Sprey
freshens <> sprey
fresher <> birin
fresher <> taze
freshers <> Fresh
freshest <> taze
freshet <> akars
freshet <> deniz
freshly <> henüz
freshly <> taze
freshly <> yeni
freshman <> birin
freshmen <> birin
freshness <> serin
freshness <> tazel
freshwater <> deniz
freshwater <> taşra
freshwater <> tatlı
freshwaters <> Tatlı
fret <> üzülm
fret <> üzünt
fret <> üzmek
fret <> aşınd
fret <> aşınm
fret <> endiş
fret <> eskit
fret <> kızma
fret <> kafes
fret <> kemir
fret <> kenar
fret <> kendi
fret <> perde
fret <> sıkın
fret <> sinir
fret <> yıpra
fret <> yenme
fret <> yiyip
fretful <> aksi
fretful <> huysu
fretful <> ters
fretfulness <> Huysu
fretless <> perde
fretted <> huysu
fretwork <> hasır
fretwork <> kafes
fretwork <> oyma
freya <> Freya
friability <> gevre
friability <> ufala
friable <> gevre
friable <> kolay
friable <> ufala
friar <> katol
friar <> keşiş
friars <> Friar
friary <> manas
fribble <> boşa
fribble <> oyala
fribble <> tembe
friborg <> fribo
fricassee <> salça
fricassee <> yahni
fricative <> frika
fricative <> sürtü
friction <> anlaş
friction <> friks
friction <> ovala
friction <> ovma
friction <> ovuşt
friction <> sürtü
friction <> sürtm
frictional <> sürtü
frictional <> sürtm
frictionally <> sürtü
frictionless <> sürtü
frictions <> sürtü
fridge <> buzdo
fridges <> buzdo
fried <> kızar
fried <> sarho
fried <> yağda
friedcake <> tatlı
friend <> ahbap
friend <> arkad
friend <> deste
friend <> dost
friend <> tanıd
friend <> yardı
friendless <> arkad
friendless <> dostu
friendlier <> dostç
friendlies <> dostl
friendliness <> arkad
friendliness <> dostl
friendliness <> samim
friendly <> arkad
friendly <> cana
friendly <> dostç
friendly <> dostl
friendly <> dostu
friendly <> sıcak
friendly <> samim
friendly <> sokul
friendly <> yardı
friends <> arkad
friendship <> arkad
friendship <> dostç
friendship <> dostl
friendships <> dostl
frier <> kızar
frier <> tava
fries <> patat
friese <> friz
frieze <> şayak
frieze <> duvar
frieze <> friz
frieze <> kaba
friezes <> frizl
frig <> aylak
frig <> boşa
frig <> vakit
frigate <> firka
frigate <> yelke
frigates <> fırka
frigg <> Frigg
frigging <> aylak
frigging <> vakit
frigging <> zaman
fright <> ürkme
fright <> dehşe
fright <> gülün
fright <> kılık
fright <> korku
frighten <> ödünü
frighten <> dehşe
frighten <> korku
frightened <> ürkmü
frightened <> dehşe
frightened <> korkm
frighteners <> Hayal
frightening <> ürküt
frightening <> dehşe
frightening <> korku
frighteningly <> korku
frightens <> korku
frightful <> berba
frightful <> dehşe
frightful <> iğren
frightful <> kocam
frightful <> korku
frightful <> müthi
frightfully <> iğren
frightfully <> korku
frightfulness <> dehşe
frightfulness <> iğren
frightfulness <> korku
frigid <> çok 
frigid <> buz
frigid <> buz 
frigid <> cinse
frigid <> duygu
frigid <> soğuk
frigidarium <> soğuk
frigidity <> cinse
frigidity <> duygu
frigidity <> soğuk
frigorific <> frigo
frigs <> Frigl
frill <> fırfı
frill <> farba
frill <> göste
frill <> kırış
frill <> kıvır
frill <> manşe
frill <> süs
frill <> saçak
frill <> volan
frillies <> iç
frillies <> iç 
frills <> fayda
frilly <> fırfı
frilly <> süslü
fringe <> kenar
fringe <> püskü
fringe <> perçe
fringe <> perva
fringe <> saçak
fringed <> kenar
fringed <> püskü
fringed <> saçak
fringes <> saçak
fringing <> saçak
frippery <> değer
frippery <> göste
frippery <> süs
fris <> FRIS
frisbee <> frizb
frisbees <> frizb
frise <> frize
friseur <> Kuafö
frisk <> üstün
frisk <> koşuş
frisk <> kuyyr
frisk <> oynaş
frisk <> oynam
friska <> Frisk
friskiness <> canlı
friskiness <> oynak
frisks <> fresk
frisky <> oynak
frisky <> oyunc
frit <> çini
frit <> cam
frit <> cam 
frit <> porse
frith <> haliç
fritillaria <> Friti
frits <> fritl
fritt <> Fritt
frittata <> servi
fritter <> boşa
fritter <> etli
fritter <> israf
fritter <> parça
fritter <> ziyan
fritters <> börek
fritts <> Fritt
fritzes <> Fritz
frivol <> oyala
frivol <> vakit
frivolity <> anlam
frivolity <> ciddi
frivolity <> havai
frivolity <> hoppa
frivolous <> adale
frivolous <> anlam
frivolous <> boş
frivolous <> fingi
frivolous <> hafif
frivolous <> hoppa
frivolous <> uçarı
friz <> Friz
frizz <> bukle
frizz <> cızır
frizz <> kıvır
frizz <> kıvrı
frizzle <> cızır
frizzle <> kıvır
frizzle <> kıvrı
frizzly <> bukle
frizzly <> kıvır
frizzy <> bukle
frizzy <> kıvır
frock <> cüppe
frock <> dini
frock <> frak
frock <> geniş
frock <> iş 
frock <> papaz
frock <> redin
frock <> rop
frog <> Frans
frog <> iki 
frog <> ilik
frog <> kopça
frog <> kurba
frogger <> Frogg
froggy <> Kurba
froglet <> Kurba
frogman <> dalgı
frogman <> kurba
frogmen <> Frogm
frogs <> kurba
frolic <> eğlen
frolic <> gülüp
frolic <> muzip
frolic <> neşe
frolic <> oyun
frolics <> Froli
frolicsome <> şen
frolicsome <> eğlen
frolicsome <> oynak
from <> -dan
from <> -den
from <> beri
from <> dan
from <> dolay
from <> itiba
from <> yüzün
frond <> eğrel
frond <> yapra
fronds <> yapra
front <> ön
front <> ön 
front <> öndek
front <> önder
front <> alın
front <> arsız
front <> bakma
front <> cüret
front <> cephe
front <> dönme
front <> karşı
front <> parav
front <> sima
front <> utanm
front <> yönel
front <> yüz
front <> yüzsü
front <> yol 
frontage <> ön
frontage <> ön 
frontage <> bina
frontage <> cephe
frontal <> ön
frontal <> alın
frontal <> cephe
frontal <> mihra
frontally <> front
fronter <> Front
frontier <> hudut
frontier <> sınır
frontiers <> sınır
frontiersman <> sınır
frontignan <> Front
fronting <> önü
frontispiece <> cephe
frontispiece <> kitab
frontispiece <> yüz
frontlet <> alın
frontline <> Front
frontman <> solis
frontmost <> Öndek
frontons <> alınl
frontoparietal <> front
frontozygomatic <> front
frontrunner <> önde
frontrunners <> önde
fronts <> cephe
frontward <> öne
frosh <> birin
frost <> şeker
frost <> ayaz
frost <> başar
frost <> buzla
frost <> don
frost <> fiyas
frost <> hayal
frost <> kırağ
frost <> soğuk
frostbite <> donma
frostbite <> soğuk
frostbitten <> don
frostbitten <> don 
frostbitten <> donmu
frostbitten <> kırağ
frosted <> şeker
frosted <> buzla
frosted <> buzlu
frosted <> donmu
frosted <> kırağ
froster <> Frost
frostiness <> don
frostiness <> soğuk
frosting <> şeker
frosting <> buzlu
frostwork <> buz
frostwork <> buz 
frostwork <> camda
frosty <> ağarm
frosty <> ayaz
frosty <> buz 
frosty <> buzlu
frosty <> dondu
frosty <> donuk
frosty <> kır
frosty <> kırağ
frosty <> mesaf
frosty <> soğuk
frot <> Frot
froth <> boş 
froth <> köpük
froth <> köpür
froth <> saçma
frothers <> köpür
frothiness <> köpür
frothiness <> sinir
frothy <> boş
frothy <> köpük
frothy <> saçma
froufrou <> hışır
froward <> aksi
froward <> dik 
froward <> inatç
froward <> serke
froward <> ters
frown <> hoşgö
frown <> hoşnu
frown <> kızma
frown <> kaşla
frown <> sinir
frown <> somur
frown <> surat
frowned <> kaşla
frowning <> çatık
frowning <> endiş
frowning <> hoşnu
frowning <> kızgı
frowning <> kaş 
frowning <> somur
frowning <> ters
frowst <> basık
frowst <> havas
frowsty <> basık
frowsty <> havas
frowsty <> küf 
frowziness <> küf 
frowziness <> pasak
frowzy <> basık
frowzy <> kötü
frowzy <> küf 
frowzy <> pasak
frowzy <> pis
froze <> dondu
frozen <> değiş
frozen <> donak
frozen <> dondu
frozen <> donmu
frozen <> kesin
frozen <> soğuk
fructiferous <> meyve
fructification <> üreme
fructification <> dölle
fructification <> meyve
fructify <> meyve
fructify <> verim
fructokinase <> frukt
fructopyranose <> frukt
fructosamine <> frukt
fructose <> frukt
frug <> Frug
frugal <> alçak
frugal <> basit
frugal <> bol 
frugal <> idare
frugal <> kanaa
frugal <> sade
frugal <> tutum
frugality <> kanaa
frugality <> sadel
frugality <> tutum
frugally <> basit
frugally <> sade
frugally <> tutum
fruit <> ürün
fruit <> ahbap
fruit <> döl
fruit <> homos
fruit <> ibne
fruit <> kâr
fruit <> meyve
fruit <> nonoş
fruit <> semer
fruit <> sonuç
fruit <> tohum
fruit <> yayar
fruit <> yemiş
fruitage <> meyva
fruitarian <> meyve
fruitarian <> yalnı
fruitcake <> çatla
fruitcake <> meyve
fruitcake <> tuhaf
fruited <> meyve
fruiterer <> manav
fruiterer <> meyve
fruitful <> berek
fruitful <> kazan
fruitful <> meyve
fruitful <> verim
fruitfulness <> berek
fruitfulness <> verim
fruitier <> meyve
fruitiness <> meyve
fruiting <> meyve
fruition <> ürün
fruition <> amacı
fruition <> murad
fruitless <> fayda
fruitless <> kısır
fruitless <> meyve
fruitless <> sonuç
fruitless <> verim
fruits <> meyve
fruity <> iğren
fruity <> meyve
fruity <> tınla
fruity <> tatlı
frumentaceous <> buğda
frumentaceous <> tahıl
frump <> kocak
frump <> rüküş
frumpish <> derbe
frumpish <> eski
frumpish <> kılık
frumpish <> rüküş
frustrate <> önlem
frustrate <> boşa
frustrate <> engel
frustrate <> hayal
frustrate <> işini
frustrate <> yıldı
frustrated <> amacı
frustrated <> boşun
frustrated <> engel
frustrated <> hakkı
frustrated <> hayal
frustrated <> yılmı
frustrates <> Frust
frustrating <> asap
frustrating <> boşa
frustrating <> engel
frustrating <> sinir
frustrating <> yıldı
frustration <> önlem
frustration <> boşa
frustration <> düş 
frustration <> hüsra
frustration <> işini
frustrations <> hayal
fry <> çoluk
fry <> önems
fry <> elekt
fry <> kızar
fry <> solda
fry <> yağda
fry <> yavru
fryer <> aşçı
fryer <> fritö
fryer <> kızar
fryer <> tava
fryers <> fritö
frying <> kızar
fryings <> kızar
fubar <> Fubar
fuchsia <> küpe
fuchsin <> fuksi
fuchsine <> füksi
fuchsine <> kırmı
fuck <> becer
fuck <> berba
fuck <> cinse
fuck <> düzüş
fuck <> düzme
fuck <> fuck
fuck <> içine
fuck <> ilişk
fuck <> sikme
fuck <> sikti
fucked <> becer
fucker <> adam
fucker <> becer
fucker <> herif
fucker <> siken
fucking <> şidde
fucking <> Allah
fucking <> aşırı
fucking <> kahro
fucking <> rezil
fuckloads <> lanet
fud <> FUD
fuddle <> çakır
fuddle <> şaşır
fuddle <> şaşkı
fuddle <> serse
fuddle <> zihni
fuddled <> çakır
fuddled <> kafas
fuddled <> serse
fudge <> abart
fudge <> başta
fudge <> boş 
fudge <> geçiş
fudge <> saçma
fudge <> takli
fudge <> uydur
fudge <> yarım
fudged <> olduk
fudging <> Fudgi
fuehrer <> Fuehr
fuel <> benzi
fuel <> yakıt
fuel <> yakac
fueled <> yakıt
fueling <> yakıt
fuelled <> yakıt
fuelling <> yakıt
fuels <> yakıt
fug <> ağır
fug <> havas
fugacious <> geçic
fugacious <> kısa
fugacious <> uçucu
fugacity <> fugas
fugax <> fugak
fuggy <> ağır
fuggy <> havas
fugitive <> çabuk
fugitive <> firar
fugitive <> geçic
fugitive <> kısa
fugitive <> kaçak
fugitive <> kaçan
fugitive <> mülte
fugitives <> kaçak
fugleman <> lider
fugleman <> polit
fugue <> füg
fugue <> füg 
fugues <> Fugue
fuhrer <> dikta
fuhrer <> lider
fulcrum <> dayan
fulcrum <> deste
fulfil <> bitir
fulfil <> gider
fulfil <> karşı
fulfil <> tamam
fulfil <> uygul
fulfil <> yapma
fulfil <> yerin
fulfill <> bitir
fulfill <> gider
fulfill <> karşı
fulfill <> tamam
fulfill <> uygul
fulfill <> yapma
fulfill <> yerin
fulfilled <> yerin
fulfilling <> yerin
fulfillment <> tamam
fulfillment <> yapma
fulfillment <> yerin
fulfills <> yerin
fulfilment <> tamam
fulfilment <> yapma
fulfilment <> yerin
fulfils <> yerin
fulgent <> görke
fulgent <> parla
fulgurant <> ışıl
fulgurant <> şimşe
fulgurant <> parla
full <> öz
full <> balık
full <> bol
full <> dolu
full <> dolul
full <> elind
full <> etine
full <> geniş
full <> meşgu
full <> son
full <> son 
full <> tam
full <> tok
full <> yıkay
fullan <> Fulla
fullback <> bek
fullback <> bek 
fuller <> dolgu
fullerene <> fulle
fullerenes <> fulle
fullest <> tam
fullhouse <> Fullh
fullness <> çoklu
fullness <> şişma
fullness <> bollu
fullness <> dolgu
fullness <> dolul
fullness <> doymu
fullness <> toklu
fullpage <> FullP
fulltilt <> FullT
fullword <> sözcü
fully <> bütün
fully <> dört
fully <> enine
fully <> etraf
fully <> iyice
fully <> tamı
fully <> tam
fully <> tam 
fully <> tamam
fully <> uzun
fulmar <> kutup
fulminant <> şidde
fulminant <> ateş
fulminant <> birde
fulminant <> fulmi
fulminant <> gürle
fulminate <> ateş
fulminate <> parla
fulminate <> patla
fulminate <> verip
fulminate <> yasak
fulminates <> fülmi
fulminating <> ateş
fulminating <> birde
fulminating <> patla
fulmination <> ateş
fulmination <> infil
fulmination <> patla
fulmination <> sövüp
fulness <> çoklu
fulness <> şişma
fulness <> bollu
fulness <> dolgu
fulness <> dolul
fulness <> doymu
fulness <> toklu
fulsome <> aşırı
fulsome <> bıktı
fulsome <> dalka
fulsome <> mide
fulsome <> tiksi
fulvous <> kızıl
fulvous <> koyu
fum <> Fum
fumarate <> fumar
fumariaceae <> Fumar
fumaric <> fumar
fumarole <> tüten
fumble <> becer
fumble <> bozma
fumble <> el 
fumble <> topu
fumbled <> arand
fumbler <> becer
fumbles <> tutam
fumbling <> becer
fumbling <> el 
fume <> öfke
fume <> burnu
fume <> duman
fume <> hidde
fume <> keski
fume <> kudur
fume <> pis 
fume <> tütme
fume <> tütsü
fume <> telaş
fumed <> FUMED
fumes <> duman
fumigant <> dezen
fumigant <> tütsü
fumigants <> dezan
fumigate <> duman
fumigate <> tütsü
fumigated <> duman
fumigation <> buhar
fumigation <> tütsü
fuming <> duman
fun <> şaka
fun <> alay
fun <> eğlen
function <> çalış
function <> amaç
function <> fonks
function <> görev
function <> hizme
function <> iş
function <> işlem
function <> işlev
function <> topla
function <> yüküm
functionability <> işlev
functional <> fonks
functional <> işlev
functional <> kulla
functionalism <> işlev
functionalist <> işlev
functionalities <> işlev
functionality <> işlev
functionalize <> fonks
functionalized <> fonks
functionalizing <> göste
functionally <> işlev
functionals <> fonks
functionaries <> görev
functionary <> görev
functionary <> işlev
functionate <> bağım
functioned <> görev
functioning <> işley
functionless <> işlev
functions <> fonks
functor <> funkt
functorial <> Funkt
functors <> funkt
fund <> ödene
fund <> fon
fund <> kayna
fund <> para
fund <> serma
fund <> yatır
fundament <> anüs
fundament <> dip
fundament <> kıç
fundament <> kaide
fundament <> taban
fundament <> temel
fundamental <> ana
fundamental <> esas
fundamental <> temel
fundamentalism <> aşırı
fundamentalism <> kökte
fundamentalisms <> kökte
fundamentalist <> aşırı
fundamentalist <> kökte
fundamentalists <> kökte
fundamentally <> özlü
fundamentally <> aslen
fundamentally <> esası
fundamentally <> esas
fundamentally <> esase
fundamentally <> temel
fundamentals <> temel
fundaments <> temel
funded <> finan
funder <> finan
funders <> finan
fundic <> fundu
funding <> fon
fundings <> fonla
fundoplication <> fundo
fundoscopy <> Fundu
fundraiser <> bağış
fundraising <> bağış
funds <> devle
funds <> kapit
funds <> para
funds <> tahvi
funduscopy <> Fundu
fundy <> Fundy
funebre <> funèb
funeral <> cenaz
funeral <> defin
funeral <> probl
funeral <> sorun
funerals <> cenaz
funerary <> mezar
funereal <> cenaz
funereal <> hüzün
funereal <> kasve
funfair <> eğlen
funfair <> lunap
fung <> Fung
fungal <> manta
fungi <> manta
fungible <> geri
fungible <> karşı
fungicidal <> manta
fungicide <> manta
fungicides <> fungi
fungiform <> Manta
fungistatic <> fungu
fungoid <> çok 
fungoid <> manta
fungous <> çok 
fungous <> manta
fungus <> manta
fungus <> sakal
funguses <> manta
funhouse <> Funho
funicle <> göbek
funicle <> kordo
funicular <> kablo
funicular <> telli
funiculus <> kordo
funk <> çekin
funk <> dehşe
funk <> funk
funk <> hilek
funk <> kaçın
funk <> korka
funk <> korkm
funk <> korku
funk <> yan 
funker <> Funke
funkers <> Funke
funkiest <> Funki
funky <> dehşe
funky <> korka
funnel <> akıtm
funnel <> baca
funnel <> haval
funnel <> huni
funnel <> yanar
funneled <> akıtt
funnelform <> huni
funneling <> Hunil
funnelled <> akıtt
funnelling <> Hunil
funnels <> hunil
funnier <> komik
funnies <> çizgi
funnies <> fıkra
funnies <> komik
funniest <> komik
funnily <> tuhaf
funny <> şüphe
funny <> eğlen
funny <> gülün
funny <> garip
funny <> karan
funny <> komik
funny <> sakat
funny <> tuhaf
funny <> zevkl
funnybones <> Funny
funnyman <> komed
funnyman <> komik
funs <> Eğlen
funster <> şakac
fuoco <> Fuoco
fur <> dil 
fur <> kürk
fur <> kürkl
fur <> kireç
fur <> post
furan <> Furan
furane <> her
furanose <> furan
furans <> furan
furbelow <> fırfı
furbelow <> farba
furbelows <> göste
furbelows <> süslü
furbish <> cilal
furbish <> pırıl
furbish <> parla
furbish <> silme
furcate <> çatal
furcate <> ayrık
furcate <> ayrıl
furcate <> dallı
furcation <> çatal
furcation <> dalla
furfuraceous <> kepek
furfuraceous <> pullu
furfuryl <> Furfu
furies <> Furie
furious <> öfkel
furious <> şidde
furious <> azgın
furious <> gözü
furious <> hidde
furious <> kızgı
furious <> tepes
furiously <> öfkel
furiously <> azgın
furiously <> kızgı
furl <> furl
furl <> kapat
furl <> sarma
furl <> topla
furling <> sarma
furlong <> milin
furlough <> izin
furlough <> sıla
furnace <> fırın
furnace <> hamam
furnace <> ocak
furnace <> sınav
furnaced <> fırın
furnaces <> fırın
furnacing <> fırın
furnish <> döşem
furnish <> donat
furnish <> mobil
furnish <> sağla
furnish <> sunma
furnish <> verme
furnished <> dayal
furnished <> mobil
furnisher <> döşem
furnisher <> erkek
furnisher <> mobil
furnishers <> Mobil
furnishes <> donat
furnishing <> donan
furnishing <> ekipm
furnishing <> malze
furnishing <> mobil
furnishings <> döşem
furnishings <> erkek
furnishings <> mobil
furniture <> eşya
furniture <> ev 
furniture <> möble
furniture <> malze
furniture <> mobil
furnitured <> mobil
furnitures <> mobil
furo <> Furo
furoate <> furoa
furor <> coşku
furor <> heves
furor <> heyec
furor <> hidde
furor <> kızgı
furor <> kudur
furor <> sansa
furor <> taşkı
furore <> coşku
furore <> heves
furore <> heyec
furore <> hidde
furore <> kızgı
furore <> kudur
furore <> sansa
furore <> taşkı
furosemide <> furos
furr <> Furr
furred <> kürkl
furred <> kireç
furred <> paslı
furrier <> kürkç
furriers <> kürkç
furriery <> kürkç
furriery <> kürk
furriness <> kürk
furring <> kireç
furring <> pas
furrow <> çizgi
furrow <> iz 
furrow <> kırış
furrow <> saban
furrow <> teker
furrows <> gozle
furry <> kürk
furry <> kürkl
furs <> kürkl
furth <> Furth
further <> öte
further <> ötede
further <> öteye
further <> ayrıc
further <> bunda
further <> daha
further <> ek
further <> ilave
further <> ileri
further <> ilerl
further <> kolay
further <> yardı
furtherance <> ilerl
furtherance <> yardı
furthering <> ileri
furthermore <> üstel
furthermore <> ayrıc
furthermore <> bunda
furthermost <> en 
furthermost <> uçtak
furthest <> azami
furthest <> en 
furthest <> uzak
furtive <> gizli
furtive <> hırsı
furtive <> kaçak
furtive <> kaçam
furtive <> sinsi
furtively <> gizli
furtively <> sinsi
furtiveness <> gizli
furtiveness <> sinsi
furuncles <> fronk
furuncular <> Çiban
fury <> çılgı
fury <> öfke
fury <> şirre
fury <> gazap
fury <> hidde
fury <> kızgı
fury <> kızma
fury <> sinir
fury <> yılan
furze <> karaç
furzy <> karaç
fuse <> atmak
fuse <> erime
fuse <> eritm
fuse <> fünye
fuse <> fitil
fuse <> kayna
fuse <> sigor
fuse <> tapa
fuse <> yanma
fused <> erimi
fusel <> zehir
fuselage <> uçak
fuselages <> gövde
fuseless <> sigor
fuses <> sigor
fusibility <> Füzib
fusible <> atabi
fusible <> eriye
fusiform <> fuzif
fusil <> tüfek
fusiliers <> Piyad
fusillade <> infaz
fusillade <> kurşu
fusillade <> yaylı
fusilli <> burgu
fusing <> erime
fusing <> eritm
fusion <> birle
fusion <> erime
fusion <> erimi
fusion <> eritm
fusion <> füzyo
fusion <> kayna
fusional <> füzyo
fusions <> füzyo
fusobacterium <> Fusob
fuss <> özen
fuss <> üzeri
fuss <> ıvır
fuss <> gerek
fuss <> ince
fuss <> karış
fuss <> telaş
fuss <> titiz
fuss <> velve
fuss <> yayga
fussily <> gerek
fussily <> titiz
fussiness <> aşırı
fussiness <> telaş
fussiness <> titiz
fussing <> mızmı
fussy <> detay
fussy <> mızmı
fussy <> telaş
fussy <> titiz
fussy <> yayga
fussy <> zor 
fustian <> şişir
fustian <> abart
fustian <> dimi
fustian <> dimid
fustian <> pamuk
fustian <> pazen
fustigation <> dayak
fustigation <> kötek
fustiness <> demod
fustiness <> köhne
fustiness <> kokmu
fusty <> eski
fusty <> köhne
fusty <> küf 
fusty <> kokuş
fusty <> modas
futhark <> Futha
futile <> beyhu
futile <> boş
futile <> nafil
futility <> boşun
futons <> Futon
future <> gelec
future <> ileri
future <> istik
future <> müsta
future <> vadel
futureless <> gelec
futureless <> umuts
futurism <> fütür
futurism <> gelec
futurist <> fütür
futurist <> gelec
futuristic <> fütür
futuristically <> fütür
futurists <> Fütür
futurity <> gelec
futurity <> ileri
futurology <> fütür
futurology <> gelec
fuze <> atmak
fuze <> birle
fuze <> eritm
fuze <> fünye
fuze <> fitil
fuze <> sigor
fuze <> tapa
fuze <> yanma
fuzing <> tapa
fuzz <> aynas
fuzz <> hav
fuzz <> ince
fuzz <> kuştü
fuzz <> polis
fuzz <> tüy 
fuzziness <> belir
fuzziness <> kabar
fuzziness <> uçuşm
fuzzing <> tüyle
fuzzy <> belir
fuzzy <> hayal
fuzzy <> ince
fuzzy <> kabar
fuzzy <> tüy 
fuzzy <> uçuşa
fylfot <> gamal
fynbos <> Fynbo
gab <> çene
gab <> çok 
gab <> boş 
gab <> gevez
gab <> konuş
gab <> saçma
gab <> zırva
gabardine <> gabar
gabbard <> Gabba
gabble <> anlaş
gabble <> anlam
gabble <> bir 
gabble <> gevez
gabble <> lâklâ
gabbler <> boşbo
gabbler <> gevez
gabbro <> gabro
gabbroic <> gabro
gabbros <> gabro
gabby <> çeneb
gabby <> boşbo
gabby <> gevez
gabby <> konuş
gabel <> Gabel
gabelle <> vergi
gaberdine <> gabar
gabfest <> çene
gabfest <> sohbe
gabfest <> yaren
gabion <> ağırl
gable <> çatı
gable <> üçgen
gabled <> üçgen
gables <> Gable
gabriel <> Cebra
gabriels <> Gabri
gad <> eğlen
gad <> sürtm
gad <> serse
gad <> yemin
gadabout <> başıb
gadabout <> gezen
gadabout <> hovar
gadabout <> serse
gaddis <> Gaddi
gade <> grade
gadfly <> ısrar
gadfly <> atsin
gadfly <> yapış
gadget <> üçkâğ
gadget <> ıvır
gadget <> değer
gadget <> gadge
gadget <> hile
gadget <> küçük
gadget <> marif
gadget <> püf 
gadget <> zımbı
gadgetry <> ıvır
gadgetry <> alet
gadgetry <> küçük
gadgety <> ıvır
gadgety <> alet
gadgety <> düzen
gadgety <> hilek
gadgety <> kurt
gadis <> GADİŞ
gadmen <> Gadme
gadolinite <> Gadol
gadolinium <> gadol
gadwall <> boz
gae <> şaka
gae <> aksak
gae <> av 
gae <> cesur
gae <> dolap
gae <> eğlen
gae <> hazır
gae <> heves
gae <> kumar
gae <> maç
gae <> mesle
gae <> oyun
gae <> sakat
gae <> topal
gae <> yiğit
gaes <> GAES
gaff <> azap
gaff <> dövüş
gaff <> gaf
gaff <> hile
gaff <> işken
gaff <> kusur
gaff <> palav
gaff <> pot
gaff <> ucuz
gaff <> zıpkı
gaff <> zorlu
gaffe <> çam 
gaffe <> gaf
gaffe <> hata
gaffe <> pot 
gaffer <> şef
gaffer <> müdür
gaffer <> moruk
gaffer <> yaşlı
gag <> öğürm
gag <> ağız
gag <> ağzın
gag <> ameli
gag <> eğlen
gag <> espri
gag <> güldü
gag <> komik
gag <> kusac
gag <> kustu
gag <> mecli
gag <> sustu
gag <> tıkaç
gaga <> aptal
gaga <> bunak
gaga <> deli
gaga <> gaga
gaga <> moruk
gagaku <> Gagak
gage <> ölçü
gage <> ölçme
gage <> ayar
gage <> caner
gage <> gage
gage <> kalib
gage <> mermi
gage <> rehin
gage <> tartm
gage <> temin
gager <> Gager
gages <> masta
gaggle <> gürül
gaggle <> kalab
gaggle <> kaz
gaggle <> kaz 
gagman <> espri
gahnite <> Gahni
gaiety <> şenli
gaiety <> eğlen
gaiety <> göste
gaiety <> göz 
gaiety <> neşe
gaiety <> sevin
gaijin <> Gaiji
gailer <> Gaile
gaillard <> GAILL
gaillarde <> Gaill
gaillardia <> Gaill
gaily <> şen 
gaily <> aldır
gaily <> canlı
gaily <> gamsı
gaily <> kaygı
gaily <> neşe
gaily <> neşey
gain <> çoğal
gain <> almak
gain <> artır
gain <> artma
gain <> elde
gain <> ileri
gain <> ilerl
gain <> kâr
gain <> kâr e
gain <> kazan
gain <> ulaşm
gain <> yükse
gain <> yarar
gained <> kazan
gainer <> kazan
gainer <> salto
gainful <> ücret
gainful <> kârlı
gainful <> kazan
gainful <> maaşl
gainfully <> Kazan
gaining <> kazan
gainings <> gelir
gainings <> getir
gainings <> kâr
gainings <> kazan
gainless <> boşun
gainless <> kârsı
gainless <> kazan
gainless <> yarar
gains <> kazan
gainsay <> inkâr
gainsay <> itira
gainsay <> kabul
gainsay <> redde
gainst <> aleyh
gainst <> aykır
gainst <> karşı
gait <> koşma
gait <> yürüm
gait <> yürüy
gaiter <> tozlu
gaiters <> tozlu
gajos <> Gajos
gal <> gal
gal <> kız
gala <> şenli
gala <> bayra
gala <> gala
gala <> kutla
galactagogue <> Galak
galactic <> galak
galactic <> süt
galactic <> saman
galactite <> süt
galactite <> süt 
galactoceles <> Galac
galactomannan <> galak
galactorrhea <> galak
galactorrhoea <> galak
galactose <> galak
galactose <> süt 
galactosemia <> galak
galactosemic <> Galak
galactosidase <> galak
galactosylceramide <> galak
galacturonic <> galak
galanga <> havlı
galanthus <> Galan
galantine <> galan
galantine <> haşla
galantine <> söğüş
galapagos <> Galap
galas <> gala
galatea <> Galat
galax <> Galax
galaxian <> Galax
galaxies <> gökad
galaxite <> Galak
galaxy <> gökad
galaxy <> galak
galaxy <> saman
galaxy <> seçki
galaxy <> yıldı
galban <> Galba
galbanum <> kasnı
gale <> şidde
gale <> bora
gale <> fırtı
gale <> mersi
gale <> reçin
galea <> miğfe
galeate <> miğfe
galeated <> miğfe
galectin <> Galek
galena <> galen
galena <> kükür
galenas <> galen
galenic <> bitki
galenical <> galen
galenite <> galen
galenobismutite <> Galen
gales <> Gales
galette <> Galet
galilee <> kilis
galimatias <> boş 
galimatias <> karma
galimatias <> saçma
galipot <> çamsa
gall <> öd
gall <> ağaç
gall <> acı 
gall <> dargı
gall <> gücen
gall <> incin
gall <> incit
gall <> küsta
gall <> kırgı
gall <> kızdı
gall <> kızgı
gall <> kızma
gall <> kabal
gall <> kin
gall <> mazı
gall <> ovala
gall <> sürtü
gall <> sürte
gall <> sürtm
gall <> sıyrı
gall <> safra
gall <> yüzsü
gall <> yara
gallant <> aşık
gallant <> centi
gallant <> cesur
gallant <> görke
gallant <> kibar
gallant <> sevgi
gallant <> yiğit
gallantry <> aşk
gallantry <> cesar
gallantry <> ilişk
gallantry <> kahra
gallantry <> macer
gallantry <> nezak
gallantry <> yiğit
gallants <> Galla
gallates <> Galla
gallbladder <> safra
gallbladders <> safra
gallego <> Galle
gallegos <> Galle
galleon <> büyük
galleon <> kalyo
galleons <> kalyo
galleried <> şeref
galleries <> galer
gallery <> üst 
gallery <> dehli
gallery <> galer
gallery <> kemer
gallery <> lağım
gallery <> tünel
gallery <> ucuz
gallet <> Galle
galletas <> Galle
galley <> Roma
galley <> dizgi
galley <> gemi
galley <> kadır
galleys <> kadır
gallfly <> ağaç
gallfly <> mazı
gallian <> Galli
galliard <> Galli
gallic <> Frans
gallic <> Gal 
gallic <> Galya
gallicism <> Frans
gallicize <> frans
galligaskins <> bol
galligaskins <> bol 
galligaskins <> eski
gallimaufry <> karma
gallimaufry <> yahni
gallin <> Galli
gallinaceous <> tavuk
galling <> güce
galling <> gurur
galling <> incit
galling <> kırıc
gallipot <> çamsa
gallipot <> topra
gallium <> galyu
gallivant <> eğlen
gallivant <> günün
gallivant <> gezip
gallivant <> hovar
gallnut <> mazı
gallnut <> yumru
galloglass <> Gallo
gallomaniac <> Frans
gallon <> galon
gallonage <> hacim
gallons <> galon
galloon <> sırma
gallop <> acele
gallop <> dörtn
gallop <> hızlı
gallop <> koştu
gallop <> koşu
gallopade <> galop
galloped <> dörtn
galloper <> Gallo
gallophil <> Frans
gallophobe <> Frans
galloping <> dörtn
gallops <> dörtn
gallow <> Gallo
gallows <> adam
gallows <> asara
gallows <> darağ
gallows <> idam
gallows <> ipe 
gallstone <> safra
gallstones <> safra
galluses <> panto
galop <> galop
galore <> çok
galore <> bol
galore <> bol 
galore <> bolca
galosh <> kaloş
galosh <> lasti
galoshes <> kaloş
galt <> Galt
galumph <> hopla
galumph <> zıpla
galvanic <> elekt
galvanic <> galva
galvanically <> galva
galvanisation <> galva
galvanise <> canla
galvanise <> elekt
galvanise <> galva
galvanised <> çinko
galvanised <> galva
galvanisers <> Galva
galvanising <> galva
galvanism <> galva
galvanism <> kimya
galvanization <> galva
galvanize <> canla
galvanize <> elekt
galvanize <> galva
galvanized <> çinko
galvanized <> galva
galvanizing <> galva
galvanometer <> galva
galvanometers <> galva
galvanoplastics <> galva
galvanoscope <> galva
galvanotherapy <> galva
gamay <> Gamay
gambade <> at
gambade <> at 
gambetta <> Gambe
gambia <> Gambi
gambier <> boya
gambit <> gambi
gambit <> hesap
gambit <> hile
gambit <> ilk 
gamble <> kumar
gamble <> riske
gamble <> riskl
gamble <> spekü
gambler <> kumar
gambler <> oyunc
gambler <> riske
gamblers <> kumar
gambling <> kumar
gamblings <> kumar
gamboge <> gomag
gamboge <> sarı
gambol <> hopla
gambol <> sıçra
gambol <> zıpla
game <> şaka
game <> aksak
game <> av 
game <> cesur
game <> dolap
game <> eğlen
game <> hazır
game <> heves
game <> kumar
game <> maç
game <> mesle
game <> oyun
game <> sakat
game <> topal
game <> yiğit
gamecock <> dövüş
gamekeeper <> av
gamekeeper <> av 
gamely <> cesar
gameness <> cesur
gameness <> yiğit
gameplay <> oyun
gamers <> oyunc
games <> oyunl
gamesmanship <> kural
gamesome <> neşel
gamester <> kumar
gamesters <> oynay
gametal <> Gamet
gamete <> üreme
gamete <> gamet
gametes <> gamet
gametogenesis <> Gamot
gamin <> haşar
gamin <> sokak
gaming <> Oyun
gaming <> kumar
gamma <> gama
gamma <> kontr
gamma <> orta
gammas <> Gamma
gammer <> kocak
gammer <> yaşlı
gammon <> aldat
gammon <> boş 
gammon <> dalav
gammon <> dolan
gammon <> domuz
gammon <> hile
gammon <> kandı
gammon <> saçma
gammon <> tavla
gammon <> tirin
gammon <> yalan
gammon <> zırva
gammoned <> mars
gammons <> mars
gammopathy <> gammo
gammy <> aksak
gammy <> sakat
gamp <> işe
gamp <> işe 
gamp <> yaşlı
gams <> GAMS
gamut <> başta
gamut <> gam
gamut <> uçtan
gamy <> av
gamy <> av 
gamy <> cesur
gamy <> gözüp
ganciclovir <> gansi
gander <> ahmak
gander <> bakış
gander <> erkek
gander <> göz 
gander <> kaz
gane <> Gane
ganev <> Ganev
gang <> çete
gang <> birle
gang <> ekip
gang <> grup
gang <> harek
gang <> sürü
gang <> takım
ganga <> Ganga
gangbang <> sıray
gangbang <> toplu
gangboard <> iskel
gangboard <> vapur
ganger <> ekip
ganger <> posta
gangland <> yeral
ganglia <> gangl
gangling <> sırık
gangling <> uzun
ganglioneuroblastoma <> gangl
ganglioneuroma <> gangl
ganglionic <> gangl
ganglions <> gangl
ganglioside <> gangl
gangliosidosis <> gangl
gangplank <> borda
gangplank <> güver
gangrel <> Gangr
gangrene <> ahlâk
gangrene <> kangr
gangrene <> yozla
gangrenosum <> gangr
gangrenous <> kangr
gangs <> çetel
gangsman <> ekip
gangsman <> posta
gangstas <> gangs
gangster <> çetec
gangster <> gangs
gangster <> haydu
gangsterism <> gangs
gangsters <> gangs
gangue <> gang
gangway <> açılı
gangway <> aralı
gangway <> asma
gangway <> borda
gangway <> dar 
gangway <> güver
gangway <> geçit
gangway <> iskel
gangway <> oluk
gangway <> pasaj
gangway <> uçağa
gangway <> yol 
gangways <> iskel
ganister <> ganis
ganister <> ocak
gannet <> sümsü
ganoid <> parla
ganophyllite <> Ganof
gant <> Gant
gantlet <> düell
gantlet <> eldiv
gantlet <> zırh
gantry <> fıçı
gantry <> kızak
gantry <> makas
gantry <> rampa
gants <> Gants
ganymede <> Ganim
ganymede <> Jüpit
ganymede <> tanrı
ganymedes <> Ganym
ganza <> Ganza
gaol <> hapis
gaol <> kodes
gaolbird <> hapis
gaoler <> gardi
gaoler <> zinda
gap <> açıkl
gap <> ara
gap <> aralı
gap <> ayrıl
gap <> boşlu
gap <> fark
gap <> geçit
gap <> uçuru
gape <> şaşkı
gape <> açık
gape <> açılm
gape <> ağzı
gape <> bakak
gape <> esnem
gape <> hayre
gaped <> ağzı
gaper <> Gaper
gapes <> esnem
gaping <> çok 
gaping <> şaşkı
gaping <> açık
gaping <> ağzı
gappy <> özürl
gappy <> eksik
gappy <> noksa
gaps <> boşlu
gar <> garaj
gar <> tamir
gar <> zarga
garage <> garaj
garage <> tamir
garages <> garaj
garb <> özel
garb <> giydi
garb <> kılık
garb <> kıyaf
garbage <> çöp
garbage <> boş 
garbage <> değer
garbage <> süprü
garbage <> zırva
garbageman <> çöpçü
garbanzo <> nohut
garbe <> Garbe
garble <> çarpı
garble <> üzeri
garble <> bozma
garble <> değiş
garble <> saptı
garbled <> bozuk
garbo <> Garbo
garcinia <> Garci
garcons <> garço
garden <> bahçe
garden <> park
gardened <> bahçe
gardener <> bahçı
gardener <> bahçe
gardeners <> bahçı
gardenia <> garde
gardenias <> garde
gardening <> bahçı
gardening <> bahçe
gardens <> bahçe
garding <> Gardi
gardon <> Gardo
gares <> Gares
garfish <> turna
garfish <> zarga
gargantuan <> dev 
gargantuan <> devas
gargantuan <> kocam
garget <> hayva
garget <> iltih
gargle <> ağzın
gargle <> gırtl
gargle <> garga
gargles <> garga
gargling <> garga
gargoyle <> çirki
gargoyle <> canav
gargoyle <> yarat
gargoyles <> Gargo
garibaldi <> erkek
garibaldi <> garib
garish <> cafca
garish <> göste
garishly <> cafca
garland <> çelen
garland <> antol
garland <> derle
garlanded <> çelen
garlands <> çelen
garlic <> sarım
garlicky <> sarım
garlics <> Sarmı
garment <> örtü
garment <> elbis
garment <> giysi
garment <> kılıf
garments <> giysi
garner <> almak
garner <> depol
garner <> istif
garner <> kazan
garner <> stok
garner <> stokl
garner <> tahıl
garnered <> aldı
garnering <> elde
garners <> topla
garnet <> grena
garnet <> lâl
garnet <> lâl t
garnet <> pembe
garnierite <> Garni
garnish <> çeşni
garnish <> allay
garnish <> garni
garnish <> hacze
garnish <> süs
garnish <> süsle
garnished <> süsle
garnishee <> haciz
garnishee <> hacze
garnishee <> yedie
garnishes <> garni
garnishing <> süsle
garnishment <> çağrı
garnishment <> haciz
garnishment <> ihbar
garnishment <> süs
garniture <> garni
garniture <> süs
garniture <> takı
garnitures <> Garni
garotte <> boğar
garotte <> boğaz
garre <> Garre
garret <> çatı
garret <> tavan
garreteer <> bohem
garreteer <> tavan
garrets <> tavan
garrigues <> Garri
garrison <> asker
garrison <> garni
garrisoned <> garni
garrisoning <> garni
garrisons <> garni
garrote <> boğar
garrote <> boğaz
garrotte <> boğar
garrotte <> boğaz
garrulity <> çeneb
garrulity <> boşbo
garrulity <> gevez
garrulous <> çeneb
garrulous <> boşbo
garrulous <> gevez
garrulous <> konuş
gart <> Gart
garter <> çorap
garter <> Dizba
garter <> dizba
garter <> jarti
garth <> avlu
garth <> küçük
garuda <> Garud
garvey <> Garve
gas <> övünm
gas <> atıp
gas <> benzi
gas <> boş 
gas <> eğlen
gas <> gaz
gas <> gaz 
gas <> grizu
gas <> hava
gas <> havag
gas <> matra
gas <> saçma
gasbag <> boş 
gasbag <> gaz 
gasbag <> gevez
gasbag <> lafeb
gasbag <> palav
gascon <> Gasco
gaseous <> boş
gaseous <> gaz
gaseous <> gaz 
gaseous <> gazlı
gases <> gazla
gasfields <> gaz
gash <> bıçak
gash <> kerti
gash <> kesik
gash <> kesme
gash <> yarık
gasification <> gaz 
gasification <> gazla
gasiform <> gaz 
gasiform <> gazlı
gasify <> gaz
gasify <> gaz 
gasket <> conta
gaskets <> conta
gaskin <> Bacak
gaslight <> havag
gasman <> havag
gasmask <> Gasma
gasolene <> benzi
gasolene <> gazol
gasoline <> benzi
gasoline <> gazol
gasolines <> benzi
gasometer <> gazöl
gasometer <> gazom
gasp <> gasp
gasp <> nefes
gasp <> soluğ
gasp <> zorlu
gasped <> soluk
gasper <> ucuz
gasping <> nefes
gasproof <> gaz
gasproof <> gaz 
gasps <> soluk
gassed <> gaz
gassed <> gaz 
gasser <> Gasse
gasserian <> gasse
gasses <> gazla
gassing <> gazla
gassing <> saçma
gassing <> zırva
gassy <> gaz 
gassy <> gazlı
gast <> Gast
gasteropod <> karın
gastight <> gaz
gastight <> gaz 
gastly <> Gastl
gastral <> bağır
gastralgia <> karın
gastrectomy <> gastr
gastric <> mide
gastric <> midey
gastritis <> gastr
gastritis <> mide
gastrocnemius <> gastr
gastrocolic <> gastr
gastroduodenitis <> gastr
gastroenteric <> gastr
gastroenteritis <> gastr
gastroenteritis <> mide
gastroenterologic <> gastr
gastroenterological <> gastr
gastroenterologist <> gastr
gastroenterologists <> gastr
gastroenterology <> gastr
gastroenterostomy <> gastr
gastroepiploic <> gastr
gastroesophageal <> gastr
gastrointestinal <> gastr
gastrointestinal <> mide
gastrointestinal <> mide-
gastrojejunostomy <> gastr
gastrologist <> mide
gastrologist <> yemek
gastrology <> gastr
gastrology <> mide
gastrology <> yemek
gastronome <> lezze
gastronome <> yemek
gastronomer <> lezze
gastronomer <> yemek
gastronomic <> gastr
gastronomic <> lezze
gastronomic <> yemek
gastronomical <> gastr
gastronomist <> lezze
gastronomist <> yemek
gastronomy <> gastr
gastronomy <> mutfa
gastronomy <> yemek
gastroparesis <> gastr
gastropathy <> gastr
gastropexy <> gastr
gastroplasty <> gastr
gastropod <> karın
gastropoda <> gastr
gastropods <> gastr
gastroptosis <> mide
gastroschisis <> Gastr
gastroscope <> gastr
gastroscope <> mide
gastroscopic <> gastr
gastroscopy <> gastr
gastrostomy <> gastr
gastrotomy <> gastr
gastrulation <> gastr
gasworks <> havag
gat <> silâh
gat <> taban
gate <> bilet
gate <> geçit
gate <> işten
gate <> kapı
gate <> kapıy
gate <> kovma
gate <> patik
gateau <> krema
gateaux <> Gatea
gatecrash <> bilet
gatecrash <> davet
gatecrasher <> bilet
gatecrasher <> davet
gatehouse <> Gateh
gatekeeper <> bekçi
gatekeeper <> kapıc
gatekeeping <> Gatek
gatepost <> kapı
gates <> Kapıl
gateway <> geçit
gateway <> giriş
gateway <> kapı
gateway <> yönte
gateway <> yol
gateways <> ağ
gath <> Gath
gather <> büzgü
gather <> büzme
gather <> bir 
gather <> birik
gather <> iltih
gather <> irin
gather <> kazan
gather <> kendi
gather <> topar
gather <> topla
gather <> tutma
gathered <> büzgü
gathered <> topla
gatherer <> kolek
gatherer <> tarım
gatherers <> topla
gathering <> çıban
gathering <> apse
gathering <> büzgü
gathering <> birik
gathering <> iltih
gathering <> kalab
gathering <> mecli
gathering <> topla
gathering <> toplu
gatherings <> topla
gathers <> topla
gating <> öğren
gating <> sinyâ
gators <> Gator
gats <> GATS
gauche <> becer
gauche <> düşün
gauche <> kaba
gauche <> münas
gauche <> patav
gaucher <> Gauch
gaucherie <> becer
gaucherie <> kaba
gaucherie <> patav
gaucherie <> pot 
gaucherie <> terbi
gaucho <> atlı
gaud <> anlam
gaud <> göste
gaud <> gerek
gaudiness <> çiğli
gaudiness <> şataf
gaudiness <> zevks
gaudy <> çiğ 
gaudy <> şataf
gaudy <> cırtl
gaudy <> mezun
gaudy <> süslü
gauffer <> kırma
gauffer <> kıvır
gauge <> ölçü
gauge <> ölçme
gauge <> ayarı
gauge <> ayar
gauge <> değer
gauge <> hacim
gauge <> kısta
gauge <> kalib
gauge <> kapsa
gauge <> krite
gauge <> tartm
gauger <> ölçü
gauger <> ölçme
gauger <> ayarc
gauger <> gümrü
gauger <> vergi
gauges <> göste
gauging <> ölçme
gauging <> ayar
gauleiter <> Gaule
gault <> Gault
gaunt <> çorak
gaunt <> kıraç
gaunt <> sıkıc
gaunt <> sıska
gaunt <> zayıf
gauntlet <> düell
gauntlet <> iş
gauntlet <> iş 
gauntlet <> zırh
gauntlets <> eldiv
gauntry <> fıçı
gauntry <> kızak
gauntry <> rampa
gaur <> Gaur
gauss <> gaus
gauss <> manye
gaussians <> Gauss
gauze <> şileb
gauze <> bürüm
gauze <> gazlı
gauze <> sargı
gauzy <> şeffa
gauzy <> puslu
gauzy <> sisli
gauzy <> tül 
gauzy <> tüllü
gavage <> sonda
gave <> verdi
gavel <> duvar
gavel <> oturu
gavel <> tokma
gavotte <> gavot
gawk <> ahmak
gawk <> aval
gawk <> bön 
gawk <> bakak
gawk <> becer
gawk <> sakar
gawk <> utang
gawky <> ahmak
gawky <> becer
gawky <> sakar
gawky <> utang
gawp <> aval
gawp <> bön 
gawp <> bakak
gay <> şen
gay <> canlı
gay <> eşcin
gay <> homos
gay <> hoppa
gay <> hovar
gay <> keyif
gay <> neşel
gay <> nonoş
gay <> pasak
gay <> utanm
gay <> yüzsü
gaydar <> Gayda
gayer <> Gayer
gayest <> Gay
gaylussite <> Gaylu
gays <> gayle
gazal <> Gazal
gaze <> dik 
gaze <> gözün
gaze <> gaze
gazebo <> balko
gazebo <> kule
gazebo <> manza
gazebo <> taraç
gazed <> baktı
gazelle <> ahu
gazelle <> ceylâ
gazelles <> ceyla
gazes <> bakış
gazettal <> tarih
gazette <> gazet
gazette <> resmi
gazetted <> resme
gazetteer <> coğra
gazetteer <> gazet
gazettes <> Ticar
gazetting <> resmi
gazing <> bakan
gazogene <> gaz
gazogene <> gaz 
gazpacho <> gaspa
gazump <> satış
gazy <> GAZİ
gazzetta <> Gazze
geal <> Geal
gean <> yaban
gear <> çalış
gear <> alet
gear <> ayarl
gear <> dişli
gear <> donan
gear <> eşya
gear <> koşum
gear <> oturm
gear <> oturt
gear <> pılı
gear <> takım
gear <> tam 
gear <> teçhi
gear <> uydur
gear <> uymak
gear <> vites
gearbox <> vites
gearboxes <> redük
gearcase <> vites
gearchanges <> vites
geared <> dişli
gearing <> dişli
gearings <> dişli
gearksutite <> Geark
gearless <> dişli
gears <> dişli
gearshift <> vites
gearshifts <> vites
gearwheel <> dişli
gearwheels <> rulma
gebel <> Gebel
gecko <> bir 
gecko <> geko
geckos <> Gecko
gedanken <> Gedan
gedrite <> Gedri
gee <> Allah
gee <> at
gee <> vay
gee <> vay 
gee <> ya
gees <> Gees
geese <> aptal
geese <> kazla
geet <> Geet
geezer <> ilgin
geezer <> moruk
geezers <> Geeze
gehlenite <> gehle
geikielite <> Geyik
geisha <> geyşa
geishas <> geyşa
geist <> Geist
gel <> jöle
gel <> jöley
gel <> jel
gel <> jelle
gel <> koloi
gel <> pelte
gelati <> Gelat
gelatin <> jelât
gelatinase <> jelat
gelatinases <> jelat
gelatine <> jelât
gelatines <> jelat
gelatinization <> jelat
gelatinize <> jölel
gelatinize <> jelât
gelatinized <> jelat
gelatinous <> jelat
gelatinous <> pelte
gelatins <> jelat
gelation <> jelle
gelation <> pelte
geld <> hadım
geld <> iğdiş
gelder <> Gelde
gelding <> hadım
gelding <> iğdiş
gelee <> Jel
gelid <> çok
gelid <> çok 
gelid <> buz 
gelignite <> jelât
gelling <> jelle
gelly <> Gelly
gels <> jelle
gem <> değer
gem <> hafif
gem <> küçük
gem <> mücev
gem <> taş
gem <> taşla
gematria <> Gemat
gemcraft <> GemCr
gemeinschaft <> Gemei
geminate <> çift
geminate <> çiftl
geminate <> ikizl
gemination <> çift
gemination <> ikizl
gemini <> İkizl
geminis <> Gemin
gemma <> tomur
gemmate <> tomur
gemmation <> tomur
gemmiferous <> mücev
gemmiferous <> taşlı
gemmiferous <> tomur
gemmological <> GEMOL
gemmology <> değer
gemmule <> küçük
gemmule <> sünge
gemmy <> Gemmy
gemological <> Gemol
gemology <> Gemol
gems <> Mücev
gemsbok <> Güney
gemstone <> değer
gemstones <> değer
gemutlich <> gemüt
gemutlichkeit <> Gemüt
gen <> bilgi
gen <> doğru
gen <> gen
gen <> haber
genas <> Genas
gendarme <> janda
gendarmerie <> janda
gendarmeries <> janda
gendarmery <> Janda
gendarmes <> janda
gender <> cins
gender <> cinsi
gender <> isim
gendered <> cinsi
genders <> Cinsi
gene <> gen
genealogical <> soya
genealogies <> soy
genealogist <> soy
genealogist <> soy 
genealogists <> soybi
genealogize <> soyun
genealogy <> şecer
genealogy <> soy
genealogy <> soyağ
geneology <> şecer
geneology <> soy
geneology <> soyağ
genera <> cins
general <> şef
general <> Genel
general <> baş
general <> genel
general <> gener
general <> komut
general <> orgen
general <> tahmi
general <> tarik
general <> umumi
general <> yaygı
generalisability <> genel
generalisation <> genel
generalisations <> genel
generalise <> genel
generalise <> yaygı
generalised <> genel
generalises <> genel
generalissimo <> başko
generalist <> genel
generalist <> kültü
generalists <> gener
generalities <> genel
generality <> çoğun
generality <> belir
generality <> genel
generality <> yaygı
generalizability <> genel
generalizable <> genel
generalization <> genel
generalizations <> genel
generalize <> genel
generalize <> yaygı
generalized <> genel
generalizes <> genel
generalizing <> genel
generally <> çoğun
generally <> ana 
generally <> ekser
generally <> genel
generals <> gener
generalship <> gener
generate <> üretm
generate <> dünya
generate <> doğur
generate <> meyda
generate <> oluşt
generate <> var 
generated <> Üreti
generates <> üreti
generating <> ürete
generation <> üreti
generation <> üretm
generation <> dünya
generation <> jener
generation <> kuşak
generation <> nesil
generation <> oluşt
generational <> kuşak
generations <> nesil
generative <> üreti
generative <> üretk
generator <> ana 
generator <> dinam
generator <> jener
generators <> jener
generatrix <> doğur
generatrix <> yapıc
generic <> cinse
generic <> genel
generic <> kapsa
generically <> genel
generics <> jener
generosity <> büyük
generosity <> cömer
generosity <> soylu
generous <> berek
generous <> bol
generous <> cömer
generous <> eli 
generous <> verim
generous <> yüce
generous <> zengi
generously <> bol 
generously <> cömer
generousness <> eli
generousness <> eli 
genes <> genle
genesis <> doğuş
genesis <> köken
genesis <> kayna
genesis <> oluşu
genesis <> yarat
genet <> misk
genetic <> genet
genetic <> kalıt
genetic <> soyaç
genetical <> genet
genetically <> genet
geneticist <> genet
geneticists <> genet
genetics <> genet
genetics <> soyaç
genetrix <> Genet
genette <> Genet
geneva <> Cenev
geneva <> cin
genial <> ılıml
genial <> cana
genial <> güler
genial <> hayat
genial <> neşel
geniality <> ılıml
geniality <> güler
geniality <> sempa
geniality <> sevim
geniality <> yumuş
genially <> canda
genially <> canlı
genially <> neşey
genic <> Genic
geniculate <> genik
genie <> cin
genie <> peri
genies <> cin
genii <> cinle
genii <> koruy
genii <> peril
genio <> Genio
genista <> katır
genital <> üreme
genital <> jenit
genitalia <> cinse
genitalia <> genit
genitally <> Vajin
genitals <> üreme
genitival <> -in h
genitival <> genit
genitival <> tamla
genitive <> -in
genitive <> -in h
genitive <> genit
genitors <> genit
genitourinary <> genit
genius <> düşün
genius <> dahi
genius <> dahil
genius <> deha
genius <> görüş
genius <> koruy
genius <> ruh
genius <> yarat
geniuses <> dahil
genlock <> Genlo
genoa <> Cenev
genoa <> genoa
genoblast <> dölle
genoblast <> olgun
genocidal <> soykı
genocide <> genos
genocide <> soykı
genocides <> soykı
genodermatosis <> genod
genome <> genom
genomes <> genom
genomic <> genom
genomics <> genom
genotoxic <> genot
genotoxicity <> genot
genotype <> genot
genotype <> kalıt
genotypes <> genot
genotypic <> genot
genotypically <> genot
genre <> çeşit
genre <> üslup
genre <> biçim
genre <> tür
genre <> tarz
genres <> türle
gent <> centi
gent <> erkek
gentamicin <> genta
genteel <> kibar
genteel <> nazik
genteel <> soylu
genteel <> yapma
gentian <> centi
gentile <> Yahud
gentile <> mormo
gentiles <> Yahud
gentility <> kibar
gentility <> soylu
gentilly <> Genti
gentle <> anlay
gentle <> hoşgö
gentle <> kibar
gentle <> nazik
gentle <> uysal
gentle <> yumuş
gentled <> muted
gentlefolk <> kibar
gentlefolks <> asill
gentlefolks <> kibar
gentlefolks <> soylu
gentleman <> bay
gentleman <> bey
gentleman <> beyef
gentleman <> centi
gentleman <> hazır
gentleman <> kibar
gentleman <> soylu
gentlemanlike <> centi
gentlemanly <> centi
gentlemen <> beyle
gentleness <> nezak
gentleness <> yumuş
gentler <> nazik
gentlest <> nazik
gentlewoman <> hanım
gentlewomanlike <> hanım
gentlewomanly <> hanım
gently <> kibar
gently <> nazik
gently <> usul
gently <> usulc
gently <> uysal
gently <> yumuş
gentrification <> soylu
gentrified <> muten
gentry <> üst 
gentry <> kibar
gentry <> seçki
gents <> bayla
genuflect <> diz
genuflect <> diz 
genuflection <> diz
genuflection <> diz 
genuflexion <> diz
genuflexion <> diz 
genuine <> öz
genuine <> özgün
genuine <> gerçe
genuine <> hakik
genuine <> hiles
genuine <> içi 
genuine <> içten
genuine <> saf
genuine <> samim
genuinely <> gerçe
genuineness <> özgün
genuineness <> gerçe
genus <> cins
genus <> famil
genus <> sınıf
genus <> tür
geobotanical <> Jeobo
geocentric <> yerme
geochemical <> jeoki
geochemically <> jeoki
geochemist <> jeoki
geochemistry <> jeoki
geochemists <> jeoki
geochronologic <> jeokr
geochronological <> jeokr
geochronology <> jeokr
geocode <> coğra
geocodes <> coğra
geocronite <> Jeokr
geode <> jeot
geode <> volka
geodesic <> jeode
geodesical <> Jeode
geodesics <> geode
geodesist <> jeode
geodesist <> yeröl
geodesy <> jeode
geodesy <> yeröl
geodetic <> jeode
geodetical <> jeode
geodetically <> uzakt
geodynamic <> jeodi
geodynamics <> jeodi
geographer <> coğra
geographers <> coğra
geographic <> coğra
geographical <> coğra
geographically <> Coğra
geographics <> GeoGr
geographies <> coğra
geography <> coğra
geoid <> jeoit
geoids <> geoit
geologic <> jeolo
geological <> jeolo
geologically <> jeolo
geologist <> jeolo
geologists <> jeolo
geologize <> jeolo
geology <> jeolo
geology <> yerbi
geomagnetic <> jeoma
geomagnetically <> jeoma
geomagnetism <> yerçe
geomancy <> remil
geomancy <> topra
geometer <> arazi
geometer <> geome
geometers <> geome
geometric <> geome
geometrical <> geome
geometrically <> geome
geometrician <> arazi
geometrician <> geome
geometricians <> geome
geometrics <> geome
geometridae <> Geome
geometries <> geome
geometry <> geome
geomorphic <> jeomo
geomorphologic <> jeomo
geomorphological <> jeomo
geomorphology <> jeomo
geophone <> jeofo
geophones <> jeofo
geophysical <> jeofi
geophysicist <> jeofi
geophysicists <> jeofi
geophysics <> jeofi
geophysics <> yer 
geophytes <> Geofi
geopolitic <> jeopo
geopolitical <> jeopo
geopolitically <> jeopo
geopolitics <> devle
geopolitics <> jeopo
geordie <> Geord
georgette <> incec
georgette <> jorge
georgic <> çiftç
geos <> GEOS
geoscience <> Yerbi
geosciences <> yer
geoscientist <> Yerbi
geosphere <> Avrup
geostationary <> Geose
geostrategic <> jeost
geostrategical <> jeost
geostrategy <> jeost
geostrophic <> jeost
geosynchronous <> eşzam
geosynclinal <> jeose
geosyncline <> jeose
geosynclines <> jeose
geotechnic <> Jeote
geotechnical <> jeote
geotechnics <> jeote
geotectonic <> jeote
geotextile <> jeote
geotextiles <> jeote
geotherm <> Jeote
geothermal <> jeote
geothermally <> jeote
geothermic <> jeote
geothermometer <> jeote
geothermometers <> jeote
geotrichum <> Geotr
gerahs <> gerah
geranium <> ıtır
geranium <> sardu
geraniums <> sardu
gerant <> Géran
gerbe <> Gerbe
gerberas <> gerbe
gerbils <> Gerbi
geres <> Geres
gerfalcon <> akdoğ
geriatric <> ihtiy
geriatric <> yaşlı
geriatrician <> yaşlı
geriatrics <> geria
geriatrics <> yaşlı
geriatry <> geria
gerland <> Gerla
germ <> çimle
germ <> bakte
germ <> filiz
germ <> mikro
germ <> tohum
germ <> virüs
germains <> Germa
german <> öz
german <> Alman
germander <> mahmu
germander <> yer 
germane <> bağlı
germane <> ilgil
germane <> konu
germaner <> germa
germanic <> Germa
germanite <> Germa
germanium <> germa
germans <> Alman
germen <> Germe
germicidal <> antis
germicidal <> mikro
germicide <> antis
germicide <> mikro
germicides <> mikro
germinal <> mikro
germinal <> oluşu
germinal <> tohum
germinant <> filiz
germinate <> çimle
germinate <> filiz
germinate <> geliş
germinated <> çimle
germinates <> filiz
germinating <> çimle
germination <> çimle
germination <> filiz
germinative <> germi
germproof <> mikro
germs <> mikro
germy <> Germy
gerner <> Gerne
gerontocracy <> yaşlı
gerontologist <> geron
gerontologist <> yaşlı
gerontology <> yaşlı
gerrymander <> dalav
gerrymander <> dolap
gerrymander <> hile
gerrymander <> saptı
gerrymander <> seçim
gersdorffite <> Gersd
gerund <> isim
gerund <> ulaç
gerundial <> fiili
gerundive <> fiil
gerunds <> fiili
gery <> Gery
gesellschaft <> Gesel
gesso <> alçıt
gest <> ço
gestalten <> Gesta
gestapo <> gesta
gestate <> gebe
gestation <> gebel
gestation <> oluşm
gestational <> gesta
gestations <> gebel
gested <> öneri
gestic <> beden
gesticulate <> el 
gesticulate <> jest
gesticulation <> jest
gesticulation <> jestl
gesticulatory <> jestl
gests <> konuk
gesture <> el 
gesture <> harek
gesture <> işare
gesture <> iyi 
gesture <> jest
gestured <> işare
gestures <> jestl
gesturing <> mimik
get <> öldür
get <> açığı
get <> almak
get <> anlam
get <> başın
get <> başla
get <> canın
get <> edinm
get <> elde
get <> ele 
get <> etmek
get <> ettir
get <> götür
get <> gelme
get <> getir
get <> idrak
get <> kavra
get <> kazan
get <> olmak
get <> olsun
get <> satın
get <> varma
get <> yalan
get <> yapma
get <> yaptı
getaway <> firar
getaway <> kaçış
getaway <> kaçma
getaways <> kaçam
getgo <> GetGo
gethsemane <> Geths
getter <> gaz
getter <> gaz 
getting <> edinm
getting <> getti
gewgaw <> ıvır
gewgaw <> ufak
geyer <> Geyer
geyser <> şofbe
geyser <> gayze
geyser <> sıcak
geyser <> termo
geysers <> Gayze
gharry <> araba
gharry <> yolcu
ghastly <> ölü 
ghastly <> berba
ghastly <> dehşe
ghastly <> feci
ghastly <> korku
ghastly <> zorak
ghat <> dağ
ghat <> dağ 
ghat <> ganj
ghats <> Ghats
ghaut <> Ghaut
ghazi <> gazi
ghazis <> gazil
ghee <> Ghee
gherkin <> salat
gherkin <> turşu
gherkins <> turşu
ghetto <> Yahud
ghetto <> azınl
ghetto <> geto
ghetto <> getto
ghettoes <> getto
ghettoization <> getto
ghettos <> getto
ghi <> GSS
ghibli <> Ghibl
ghillie <> Ghill
ghillies <> Ghill
ghost <> başka
ghost <> eser
ghost <> hayal
ghost <> hortl
ghost <> iz
ghost <> nitel
ghost <> peşin
ghost <> ruh
ghosted <> hayal
ghostflowers <> Ghost
ghosting <> gölge
ghostland <> Ghost
ghostlike <> hayal
ghostlike <> manev
ghostlike <> ruhan
ghostly <> hayal
ghostly <> manev
ghostly <> ruhan
ghosts <> hayal
ghostwrite <> başka
ghostwriter <> Ghost
ghoul <> cadı
ghoul <> gulya
ghoul <> hortl
ghoul <> kötü
ghoulies <> Ghoul
ghoulish <> hortl
ghoulish <> iğren
ghoulish <> korku
ghouls <> hortl
giant <> çok 
giant <> dev
giant <> dev 
giant <> kocam
giant <> kosko
giantess <> dev
giantess <> dev 
giantlike <> dev
giantlike <> dev 
giantlike <> devas
giants <> devle
giaour <> gâvur
giardiasis <> Giard
gib <> çivi
gib <> Cebel
gib <> cıvat
gib <> pim
gibber <> hızlı
gibber <> maymu
gibberellic <> gibbe
gibberellins <> gibbe
gibberish <> abuk
gibberish <> hızlı
gibberish <> saçma
gibbet <> asmak
gibbet <> darağ
gibbet <> idam
gibbet <> kirli
gibbet <> rezil
gibbon <> Asya
gibbon <> jibon
gibbons <> Gibbo
gibbous <> dışbü
gibbous <> hörgü
gibbous <> kambu
gibbous <> tümse
gibbsite <> Gibsi
gibe <> alay
gibe <> dalga
gibe <> dokun
gibe <> taş
giblets <> sakat
gibsons <> Gibso
gibus <> Gibus
gid <> delib
giddily <> başı
giddily <> hoppa
giddily <> serse
giddiness <> baş
giddiness <> baş 
giddiness <> bir 
giddiness <> hafif
giddiness <> hoppa
giddiness <> serse
giddy <> başı
giddy <> baş 
giddy <> hoppa
giddy <> serse
giddy <> terel
giddy <> uçarı
giddy <> zevze
gide <> Gide
gids <> Gids
gien <> GIEN
gies <> Gies
gift <> Allah
gift <> armağ
gift <> bağış
gift <> doğuş
gift <> hediy
gift <> hibe
gift <> kabil
gift <> yeten
gifted <> becer
gifted <> ileri
gifted <> kabil
gifted <> yeten
giftedness <> Üstün
gifting <> hediy
gifts <> hediy
giftware <> hediy
giftwares <> hediy
giftwrap <> Hediy
gig <> flika
gig <> iş
gig <> kısa
gig <> sahne
gig <> tek 
gig <> zıpkı
gigabits <> gigab
gigabytes <> gigab
gigajoule <> GigaJ
gigantean <> dev
gigantean <> dev 
gigantean <> kocam
gigantic <> dev 
gigantic <> devas
gigantic <> kocam
gigantomachy <> Gigan
giggle <> kıkır
giggled <> kıkır
giggles <> kıkır
giggling <> kıkır
giggly <> kıkır
gigolo <> jigol
gigolos <> Gigol
gigot <> but
gigs <> konse
gigue <> Gigue
gila <> Gila
gilbert <> gilbe
gild <> allay
gild <> altın
gild <> birli
gild <> derne
gild <> esnaf
gild <> güzel
gild <> lonca
gild <> süsle
gild <> yaldı
gilded <> altın
gilded <> yaldı
gilden <> Gilde
gilder <> yaldı
gilding <> altın
gilding <> yaldı
gildings <> yaldı
gile <> Gile
gill <> çene
gill <> çeyre
gill <> derin
gill <> gidiş
gill <> manta
gill <> sarkı
gill <> sevgi
gill <> solun
giller <> Gille
gillet <> Gille
gilley <> Gille
gillian <> Gilli
gillie <> av
gillie <> av 
gillies <> Gilli
gillion <> bin
gillion <> bin 
gillion <> milya
gills <> katme
gillyflower <> şebbo
gilsonite <> Gilso
gilt <> çekic
gilt <> altın
gilt <> cazib
gilt <> yaldı
gilthead <> Çipur
gilts <> güven
gim <> Gim
gimbals <> yalpa
gimcrack <> adi 
gimcrack <> cici
gimcrack <> değer
gimcrack <> zımbı
gimcrackery <> eski
gimcrackery <> pılı
gimcracks <> eski
gimcracks <> pılı
gimel <> Gimel
gimlet <> burgu
gimlet <> cin 
gimlet <> delgi
gimlet <> matka
gimmick <> hile
gimmick <> marif
gimmick <> reklâ
gimmickry <> şataf
gimmickry <> caka
gimmickry <> fiyak
gimmicks <> hile
gimmicky <> Hilel
gimp <> dante
gimp <> gimp
gimp <> ipek
gimp <> kayta
gimp <> sırma
gimp <> telle
gimped <> gipe
gimping <> gimp'
gimps <> GIMPS
gin <> çırçı
gin <> ağ
gin <> asil
gin <> cin
gin <> kapan
gin <> pamuğ
gin <> tuzağ
gin <> tuzak
ginger <> canlı
ginger <> canla
ginger <> dürtü
ginger <> dürtm
ginger <> enerj
ginger <> hızla
ginger <> kışkı
ginger <> kızıl
ginger <> taba
ginger <> teşvi
ginger <> zence
gingerbread <> aşırı
gingerbread <> göste
gingerbread <> süslü
gingerbread <> zence
gingerly <> dikka
gingerly <> ihtiy
gingerly <> temki
gingerly <> yavaş
gingernut <> zence
gingerroot <> zence
gingers <> Ginge
gingersnap <> zence
gingersnaps <> zence
gingery <> canlı
gingery <> enerj
gingery <> kışkı
gingery <> taba
gingery <> zence
gingham <> çizgi
gingham <> şemsi
gingiva <> dişet
gingival <> dişet
gingivitis <> dişet
gingivostomatitis <> gingi
gink <> garip
gink <> ilgin
ginkgo <> ginkg
ginkgos <> Ginkg
ginn <> Ginn
ginned <> çırçı
ginnery <> çırçı
ginning <> çırçı
ginormous <> Toplu
gins <> cin
ginseng <> Çin ş
ginseng <> jinse
gio <> GIO
gippo <> çorba
gippo <> aşçı
gips <> Gips
gipsies <> Çinge
gipsy <> Çinge
gipsy <> bohem
giraffe <> züraf
giraffes <> züraf
giraffid <> Kavak
girandole <> şamda
girandole <> fıski
girandole <> fişek
girandole <> salla
girasole <> opal
girasoles <> Giras
gird <> çevre
gird <> donat
gird <> kemer
gird <> kuşat
gird <> süsle
gird <> sarma
girder <> kiriş
girder <> taban
girders <> kiriş
girdle <> çevre
girdle <> eklem
girdle <> kemer
girdle <> korse
girdle <> kuşak
girdle <> kuşat
girdled <> kuşak
girdler <> Girdl
girdles <> kuşak
girdling <> bilez
gire <> Gire
girl <> hizme
girl <> kız
girl <> kız 
girl <> sevgi
girlfriend <> kız
girlfriend <> kız 
girlfriends <> kız
girlhood <> kızlı
girlie <> çıpla
girlie <> açık
girlish <> kız
girlish <> kız 
girlishness <> genç
girls <> kızla
giro <> banka
giro <> ciro
giron <> Giron
girt <> çevre
girt <> daire
girt <> kolan
girt <> kuşat
girth <> çembe
girth <> çevre
girth <> bel 
girth <> daire
girth <> eyerl
girth <> kolan
girth <> kuşat
girts <> Girts
gismo <> işlev
gismondite <> Gismo
gist <> öz
gist <> özet
gist <> ana 
gist <> asıl
gists <> ları
gitano <> Gitan
gitanos <> Gitan
gite <> Gite
gits <> Gits
gittin <> eğlen
giusto <> Giust
give <> ödeme
give <> düzen
give <> esnek
give <> esnem
give <> gitme
give <> hediy
give <> uçlan
give <> uysal
give <> verme
give <> yapıv
give <> yumuş
giveaway <> açığa
giveaway <> ağzın
giveaway <> bedav
giveaway <> eşant
giveaway <> hediy
giveaway <> ucuz
giveaway <> yarış
giveaways <> hediy
given <> belir
given <> belli
given <> bilin
given <> doğuş
given <> tarih
given <> veril
givens <> Given
giver <> keşid
giver <> veren
giver <> veric
givers <> veric
gives <> verir
giveth <> veriy
giving <> bağış
giving <> veren
gizmo <> işlev
gizmos <> Gizmo
gizzard <> börke
gizzard <> kursa
gizzard <> mide
gizzard <> taşlı
glabrous <> kılsı
glabrous <> pürüz
glabrous <> tüysü
glace <> şeker
glace <> glase
glace <> parla
glaces <> Glace
glacial <> buz
glacial <> buzsu
glacial <> buzul
glacially <> buzul
glaciations <> Buzul
glacier <> buzul
glaciers <> buzul
glacis <> şev
glacis <> bayır
glacis <> eğiml
glacis <> yokuş
glad <> hoşnu
glad <> memnu
glad <> sevin
gladden <> memnu
gladden <> sevin
gladder <> sevin
gladding <> Gladd
glade <> glade
glade <> kayra
glade <> orman
glades <> Glade
gladiator <> gladi
gladiator <> glady
gladiator <> kavga
gladiatorial <> glady
gladiators <> glady
gladiolus <> glayö
gladiolus <> kuzgu
gladioluses <> glayö
gladly <> hoşnu
gladly <> memnu
gladly <> sevin
gladness <> memnu
gladness <> sevin
gladnesses <> memnu
gladsome <> memnu
gladsome <> sevin
gladstone <> bir 
gladstone <> deri
glair <> çiriş
glair <> yapış
glair <> yumur
glaive <> kılıç
glamor <> çekic
glamor <> çekme
glamor <> büyü
glamor <> büyül
glamor <> cazib
glamor <> etkil
glamor <> göz 
glamor <> sihir
glamorises <> mes
glamorize <> büyü
glamorize <> büyül
glamorize <> göz 
glamorous <> büyül
glamorous <> göz
glamorous <> göz 
glamorously <> göz
glamour <> çekic
glamour <> çekme
glamour <> büyü
glamour <> büyül
glamour <> cazib
glamour <> etkil
glamour <> göz 
glamour <> sihir
glamoured <> kamaş
glamourpuss <> Glamo
glance <> bakış
glance <> bakıv
glance <> göz 
glance <> imâ
glance <> kısa
glance <> parıl
glance <> parla
glance <> sıyır
glanced <> baktı
glances <> Bakış
glancing <> bakar
gland <> bez
gland <> beze
gland <> gudde
gland <> salma
glanderous <> sakağ
glanders <> ruam
glanders <> sakağ
glandless <> salma
glands <> bezle
glandular <> beze
glans <> klito
glans <> penis
glare <> düşma
glare <> dik 
glare <> göz 
glare <> göze
glare <> kötü
glare <> pürüz
glare <> parıl
glare <> parla
glared <> ters
glaring <> çok 
glaring <> ışıl
glaring <> apaçı
glaring <> cırtl
glaring <> dik 
glaring <> göz 
glaring <> göze
glaringly <> ışıl
glasnost <> Glasn
glass <> ayna
glass <> büyüt
glass <> barda
glass <> cam
glass <> cam 
glass <> gözlü
glass <> kadeh
glass <> merce
glass <> sırça
glassblower <> cam
glassblowing <> cam
glassblowing <> cam 
glassed <> Camlı
glasses <> gözlü
glasseye <> Glass
glassfish <> Glass
glassful <> barda
glassful <> bir 
glasshouse <> asker
glasshouse <> cam 
glasshouse <> sırça
glasshouse <> sera
glasshouses <> seral
glassie <> Glass
glassify <> camla
glassing <> camla
glassmakers <> camcı
glassman <> Glass
glassware <> cam 
glassware <> zücca
glasswares <> zücca
glasswork <> cam 
glasswork <> camcı
glassworks <> cam
glassworks <> cam 
glasswort <> Börül
glassy <> ayna
glassy <> cam 
glassy <> camsı
glassy <> dalgı
glassy <> donuk
glauberite <> globe
glaucochroite <> Gloko
glaucodot <> Gloko
glaucoma <> glako
glaucoma <> gloko
glaucoma <> karas
glaucomas <> gloko
glaucomatous <> gloko
glauconite <> gloko
glauconites <> gloko
glauconitic <> gloko
glaucophane <> gloko
glaucophanite <> glauk
glaucous <> mat
glaucous <> mat 
glaze <> cam 
glaze <> cila
glaze <> feri
glaze <> jöle
glaze <> kırağ
glaze <> parla
glaze <> perda
glaze <> sır
glaze <> sırla
glazed <> cam
glazed <> cam 
glazed <> camlı
glazed <> cilal
glazed <> pürüz
glazed <> sırlı
glazer <> cila
glazer <> cilac
glazer <> perda
glazer <> sır 
glazes <> sırla
glazier <> camcı
glazier <> perda
glazier <> sır 
glaziers <> camcı
glazing <> cam
glazing <> cam 
glazing <> camcı
glazing <> camek
glazing <> cila
glazing <> emaye
glazing <> jöle
glazing <> mine
glazing <> parla
glazing <> sır
glazy <> Donuk
gleam <> ışık
gleam <> ışıld
gleam <> ışıma
gleam <> ışın
gleam <> pırıl
gleam <> parıl
gleam <> parla
gleamed <> parıl
gleaming <> parıl
glean <> bağbo
glean <> derle
glean <> hasat
glean <> topla
gleaned <> panod
gleaner <> derle
gleaner <> kolek
gleanings <> bilgi
gleanings <> derle
gleanings <> topla
gleave <> Gleav
glebe <> topra
glebe <> vakıf
glebe <> yer
glee <> çok 
glee <> keyif
glee <> neşe
glee <> ozan
glee <> sevin
gleeds <> Gleed
gleeful <> şen
gleeful <> komşu
gleeful <> neşel
gleeful <> sinsi
gleefully <> neşey
gleeks <> Gleek
gleeman <> ozan
gleis <> Gleis
glen <> dar 
glen <> vadi
glengarry <> İskoç
glenlivet <> Glenl
glens <> Glens
gliadins <> gliad
glib <> çevik
glib <> üstün
glib <> dil 
glib <> dilli
glib <> kolay
glib <> konuş
glib <> yarım
glibness <> üstün
glibness <> akıcı
glibness <> netli
glibness <> yüzey
gliclazide <> glikl
glide <> havad
glide <> kayma
glide <> motor
glide <> planö
glide <> süzül
glide <> ses 
glide <> yarı
glided <> süzül
glider <> kayık
glider <> kayak
glider <> planö
glider <> tekne
gliders <> planö
glides <> kayar
gliding <> akış
gliding <> kayma
gliding <> plânö
gliding <> planö
gliding <> süzül
glim <> ışık
glim <> fener
glim <> göz
glim <> lâmba
gliming <> ışıkl
glimmer <> ışık
glimmer <> hafif
glimmer <> parıl
glimmer <> zayıf
glimmering <> hafif
glimmerite <> Glime
glimmers <> pırıl
glimpse <> belir
glimpse <> görün
glimpse <> görüv
glimpse <> gözün
glimpse <> göz 
glimpse <> işare
glimpsed <> an
glint <> ışıld
glint <> ışılt
glint <> kıvıl
glint <> parıl
glint <> parla
glinted <> parıl
glioblastomas <> gliob
glioma <> beyin
glioma <> gliyo
gliomas <> gliom
gliosarcoma <> formu
gliosis <> glioz
glipizide <> glipi
glissade <> aşağı
glissade <> danst
glissade <> kayma
glisten <> kesik
glisten <> pırıl
glisten <> parıl
glisten <> parla
glistened <> parlı
glistening <> parla
glister <> GLIST
glitter <> göste
glitter <> göz 
glitter <> göze
glitter <> pırıl
glitter <> parıl
glitter <> parla
glitterati <> Glitt
glittered <> parıl
glittering <> ışıl
glittering <> şaşaa
glittering <> göz 
glittering <> parla
glittery <> ışılt
glitzy <> Glitz
gloaming <> akşam
gloaming <> alaca
gloat <> kına
gloat <> sinsi
gloat <> zevkl
gloating <> haset
gloating <> kötü
gloating <> sinsi
glob <> damla
glob <> topak
global <> dünya
global <> evren
global <> globa
global <> küre
global <> küres
globalisation <> küres
globalise <> küres
globalised <> küres
globalises <> küres
globalising <> küres
globalism <> globa
globalist <> küres
globalists <> küres
globalization <> küres
globalizations <> Küres
globalize <> küres
globalized <> küres
globalizes <> küres
globalizing <> küres
globally <> küres
globate <> küre
globber <> Globb
globe <> abaju
globe <> dünya
globe <> fanus
globe <> gezeg
globe <> küre
globe <> küres
globe <> top
globefish <> fahak
globefish <> kirpi
globes <> kürel
globetrotter <> dünya
globetrotter <> seyya
globetrotters <> gezgi
globetrotting <> dünya
globigerina <> Globi
globigerinidae <> Globi
globose <> küres
globosity <> küres
globosity <> yuvar
globotriaosylceramide <> globo
globular <> küre
globular <> kürec
globular <> küres
globularia <> Globu
globule <> kürec
globules <> globü
globulin <> globu
globulins <> globu
glomeroporphyritic <> glome
glomerular <> glome
glomerule <> çiçek
glomerules <> glome
glomeruli <> glome
glomerulonephritis <> glome
glomerulopathy <> glome
glomerulosa <> glome
glomerulosclerosis <> glome
glomerulus <> glome
gloom <> belir
gloom <> hüzün
gloom <> karan
gloom <> karar
gloom <> kasve
gloom <> sıkın
gloomily <> kasve
gloominess <> hüzün
gloominess <> karan
gloominess <> kasve
gloominess <> keder
gloominess <> loşlu
gloominess <> sıkın
gloomy <> ümits
gloomy <> hüzün
gloomy <> iç 
gloomy <> karan
gloomy <> kasve
gloomy <> kurun
gloomy <> loş
gloomy <> sıkıc
gloop <> Gloop
gloops <> sayım
glop <> Glop
glore <> insan
glories <> övgül
glorification <> övme
glorification <> şükür
glorification <> şenli
glorification <> tapma
glorified <> kalit
glorifies <> yücel
glorify <> övmek
glorify <> abart
glorify <> büyüt
glorify <> gökle
glorify <> tapma
glorifying <> zikir
gloriole <> ayla
gloriole <> hale
glorioso <> Glori
glorious <> ünlü
glorious <> şanlı
glorious <> şeref
glorious <> aziz
glorious <> muhte
glorious <> olağa
gloriously <> tarz
glory <> övünm
glory <> ün
glory <> şan
glory <> şeref
glory <> ayla
glory <> cenne
glory <> görke
glory <> gurur
glory <> hale
glory <> ihtiş
glory <> memnu
glory <> mutlu
glory <> nur
glory <> sevin
gloss <> örtba
gloss <> Parla
gloss <> açıkl
gloss <> cila
gloss <> cilal
gloss <> dış 
gloss <> dipno
gloss <> parla
gloss <> perda
gloss <> yorum
glossaries <> sözlü
glossary <> açıkl
glossary <> sözlü
glosseme <> dilbi
glosses <> tefsi
glossier <> parla
glossiness <> göste
glossiness <> parla
glossing <> parla
glossitis <> gloss
glossmeter <> Gloss
glossopteris <> Gloss
glossy <> cilâl
glossy <> göste
glossy <> kuşe
glossy <> parla
glossy <> sahte
glottal <> gırtl
glottic <> glott
glottis <> gloti
glottis <> nefes
glove <> eldiv
gloved <> eldiv
gloves <> eldiv
glow <> şevk
glow <> coşku
glow <> coşma
glow <> hırs
glow <> heyec
glow <> ihtir
glow <> kıpkı
glow <> kızıl
glow <> kızar
glow <> kızgı
glow <> korla
glow <> parıl
glow <> parla
glow <> yanma
glowed <> parlı
glower <> öfkel
glower <> ters
glower <> yiyec
glowing <> canlı
glowing <> coşku
glowing <> harar
glowing <> heyec
glowing <> kızgı
glowing <> parla
glowingly <> coşku
glows <> parlı
glowworm <> ateş
gloxinia <> gloks
gloze <> örtba
gloze <> gizle
glucagon <> gluka
glucagons <> gluka
glucan <> gluka
glucans <> gluka
glucocorticoid <> gluko
glucocorticoids <> gluko
glucocorticosteroid <> gluko
glucocorticosteroids <> gluko
glucokinase <> gluko
glucomannan <> Gluco
gluconate <> gluko
gluconeogenesis <> gluko
gluconic <> gluko
glucosamine <> Gluco
glucosaminidase <> gluko
glucose <> gliko
glucosidase <> gluko
glucosuria <> gliko
glucosyl <> gluko
glucuronic <> gluku
glucuronidase <> gluku
glucuronide <> gluku
glucuronolactone <> gluku
glucuronosyltransferase <> gluku
glucuronyl <> gluku
glue <> dikka
glue <> tutka
glue <> yapış
glue <> zamk
glueball <> Glueb
glued <> yapış
glueing <> yapış
gluers <> yapış
glues <> yapış
gluey <> yapış
gluhwein <> Glühw
gluing <> yapış
glum <> üzgün
glum <> asık
glum <> hüzün
glum <> somur
glume <> başak
glume <> kavuz
glumes <> taney
glumly <> asık
gluons <> gluon
glut <> boğma
glut <> bollu
glut <> doldu
glut <> fazla
glut <> tıkın
glut <> tıka
glut <> tıkam
glut <> toklu
glutamate <> gluta
glutamic <> gluta
glutaminase <> gluta
glutamine <> gluta
glutamyl <> gluta
glutamyltransferase <> gluta
glutaraldehyde <> gluta
glutaric <> gluta
glutaryl <> gluta
glutathione <> gluta
gluten <> glüte
gluten <> yapış
glutens <> glute
glutinous <> glüte
glutinous <> yapış
glutton <> açgöz
glutton <> doyma
glutton <> heves
glutton <> obur
gluttonous <> obur
gluttonous <> pisbo
gluttony <> açgöz
gluttony <> oburl
gly <> Gly
glyburide <> glibu
glycaemia <> glise
glycan <> glika
glycans <> gluka
glycation <> glika
glycemia <> glise
glycemic <> glise
glyceraldehyde <> glise
glyceride <> glise
glycerides <> glise
glyceridic <> glise
glycerin <> glise
glycerinated <> glise
glycerine <> glise
glycerol <> glise
glycerophosphate <> glise
glyceryl <> glise
glycidol <> glisi
glycidyl <> glisi
glycinate <> glisi
glycine <> glisi
glycobiology <> Gliko
glycocyamine <> gliko
glycogen <> gliko
glycogenolysis <> gliko
glycol <> gliko
glycolic <> gliko
glycolipid <> gliko
glycolipids <> gliko
glycols <> gliko
glycolysis <> gliko
glycolytic <> gliko
glycopeptide <> gliko
glycopeptides <> gliko
glycoprotein <> gliko
glycoproteins <> gliko
glycosaminoglycan <> gliko
glycosaminoglycans <> gliko
glycose <> gliko
glycoside <> gliko
glycosides <> gliko
glycosuria <> gliko
glycosylase <> gliko
glycosylated <> gliko
glycosylation <> gliko
glycyrrhiza <> Glycy
glyn <> Glyn
glynne <> Glynn
glyoxylate <> gliok
glyph <> kabar
glyph <> oyma
glyphs <> glifl
glyptic <> oymac
glyptics <> değer
gnaeus <> Gnaeu
gnar <> Gnar
gnarled <> boğum
gnarled <> budak
gnarled <> eğri
gnarled <> huysu
gnarled <> surat
gnarled <> yamuk
gnash <> gıcır
gnashers <> dişle
gnashing <> gıcır
gnat <> sivri
gnat <> tatar
gnaw <> acıtm
gnaw <> eziye
gnaw <> kemir
gnawed <> kemir
gnawer <> kemir
gnawers <> kemir
gnawing <> acı
gnawing <> eziye
gnawing <> kemir
gnawing <> kurt
gneiss <> gnays
gneisses <> gnays
gneissic <> gnays
gneissose <> Gnays
gnoll <> Gnoll
gnome <> özdey
gnome <> atasö
gnome <> banke
gnome <> cüce
gnome <> cin
gnome <> hikme
gnome <> veciz
gnomish <> cüce
gnomish <> cin
gnomish <> cin 
gnomon <> güneş
gnomonic <> Gnomo
gnosis <> ruhan
gnostic <> ruhan
gnosticism <> gnost
gnostics <> Gnost
gnu <> antil
gnu <> gnu
go <> ölmek
go <> başar
go <> başla
go <> bahse
go <> barda
go <> denem
go <> güdü
go <> gayre
go <> geçme
go <> gidiş
go <> giriş
go <> girme
go <> gitme
go <> halin
go <> işlem
go <> iddia
go <> kaybo
go <> koyul
go <> moda
go <> olmak
go <> porsi
go <> sonuç
go <> tüken
go <> tutul
go <> uymak
go <> yapıl
go <> yayıl
goad <> öküz
goad <> üvend
goad <> dürtm
goad <> kışkı
goad <> rahat
goad <> teşvi
goaded <> artır
goading <> dürtm
goal <> amaç
goal <> erek
goal <> gol
goal <> hedef
goal <> ideal
goal <> kale
goal <> sayı
goalball <> Goalb
goalie <> kalec
goalkeeper <> kalec
goalkeepers <> kalec
goalkeeping <> kalec
goalless <> golsü
goalmouth <> kale
goalposts <> kale
goals <> Gol
goalscorer <> golcü
goar <> Goar
goat <> şamar
goat <> Oğlak
goat <> ahmak
goat <> azgın
goat <> enayi
goat <> günah
goat <> keçi
goat <> oğlak
goat <> teke
goat <> zampa
goatee <> keçi
goatherd <> keçi
goatish <> azgın
goatish <> keçi
goatish <> leş 
goatish <> pis
goatish <> seks
goats <> keçil
goatskin <> keçi
goatsucker <> çoban
goatsucker <> dağkı
gob <> ağız
gob <> bahri
gob <> deniz
gob <> gemic
gob <> kütle
gob <> pıhtı
gob <> tükür
gobang <> Goban
gobbet <> lokma
gobbet <> parça
gobbi <> Gobbi
gobble <> çabuk
gobble <> hızlı
gobble <> hindi
gobble <> silip
gobble <> yalay
gobbledygook <> anlam
gobbledygook <> argo
gobbledygook <> karga
gobbler <> çabuc
gobbler <> baba
gobbler <> lüp 
gobblers <> Hamhu
gobbo <> Gobbo
gobet <> Gobet
goblet <> kadeh
goblet <> kupa
goblets <> kadeh
goblin <> cüce
goblin <> cin
goblin <> gulya
goblins <> gobli
goby <> kayab
god <> Allah
god <> Tanrı
god <> ilah
god <> put
godchild <> vafti
goddam <> lanet
goddamn <> Allah
goddamn <> kahro
goddamned <> Allah
goddamned <> kahro
goddaughter <> vafti
goddess <> ilâhe
goddess <> tanrı
goddesses <> tanrı
gode <> Gode
goden <> Goden
godet <> Godet
godfather <> mafya
godfather <> manev
godfather <> vafti
godfathers <> Godfa
godforsaken <> Allah
godforsaken <> kahro
godhead <> tanrı
godless <> Allah
godless <> dinsi
godlike <> tanrı
godliness <> dinda
godliness <> soful
godly <> dinda
godly <> ilahi
godly <> sofu
godmother <> vafti
godparent <> vafti
gods <> Tanrı
godsend <> bekle
godsend <> devle
godsend <> ganim
godsend <> hızır
godson <> vafti
goel <> Goel
goer <> giden
goers <> müdav
goes <> gider
goethite <> götit
goey <> Goey
gofer <> Gofer
goff <> Goff
goffer <> kırma
goffer <> kıvır
goggle <> şaşı
goggle <> fırla
goggle <> goggl
goggle <> yan 
goggles <> gözlü
goggles <> koruy
gogos <> Gogos
going <> başar
going <> giden
going <> gidiş
going <> gitme
going <> işley
going <> satıl
going <> tempo
going <> yol 
goings <> gidiş
goiter <> guatr
goitre <> guatr
goitrous <> guatr
gold <> altın
gold <> serve
goldberger <> Goldb
goldcrest <> çalık
golde <> Golde
golden <> üstün
golden <> altın
golden <> türün
goldener <> Golde
goldeneye <> Golde
goldenrod <> altın
goldens <> Golde
golder <> Golde
goldfield <> altın
goldfields <> Goldf
goldfinch <> saka
goldfinches <> saka
goldfish <> akvar
goldfish <> süs 
goldies <> Goldi
goldilocks <> Goldi
goldin <> Goldi
golding <> Goldi
goldings <> Goldi
goldleaf <> Goldl
goldmine <> altın
goldminer <> Goldm
goldney <> Goldn
golds <> altın
goldsmith <> kuyum
goldsmithing <> Mücev
goldsmiths <> kuyum
goldstein <> Golds
goldstone <> Golds
gole <> Gole
golem <> Golem
golems <> Golem
golf <> golf
golfclub <> Golfc
golfer <> golfç
golfers <> golfç
golfing <> golf
golgotha <> Golgo
goll <> Goll
golliwog <> öcü
golliwog <> siyah
golliwog <> umacı
golly <> Allah
golosh <> ayakk
golosh <> kaloş
goluptious <> güzel
goluptious <> lezze
gombeen <> aşırı
gombeen <> fahiş
gombo <> bamya
gome <> Gome
gomer <> Gomer
gommers <> Gomme
gomoku <> Gomok
gompa <> Gompa
gomphotherium <> Gomph
gonad <> eşeys
gonad <> erbez
gonad <> gonad
gonad <> yumur
gonadectomy <> gonad
gonadotrophin <> gonad
gonadotrophins <> gonad
gonadotropic <> Gonad
gonadotropins <> gonad
gonads <> gonad
gonal <> Gonal
gonarthritis <> gonar
gondola <> açık
gondola <> balon
gondola <> düz 
gondola <> gondo
gondolas <> gondo
gondolier <> gondo
gone <> ölmüş
gone <> ümits
gone <> aşık
gone <> bozuk
gone <> bozul
gone <> geçki
gone <> geçmi
gone <> gitmi
gone <> hamil
gone <> heyec
gone <> ilerl
gone <> kayıp
gone <> kendi
gone <> mahvo
gone <> sevda
gone <> yok 
goner <> ölmek
goner <> gidic
gonfalon <> yatay
gong <> çan 
gong <> araba
gong <> gong
gong <> nişan
gongs <> gongl
gonia <> Goniá
goniatite <> Gonia
goniometer <> açıöl
goniometric <> gonio
goniometry <> Gonio
gonioscopic <> gonyo
gonioscopy <> gonyo
goniotomy <> gonio
gonna <> olaca
gonococcal <> gonok
gonococci <> gonok
gonorrhea <> belso
gonorrhoea <> belso
gonosomal <> gonoz
goo <> aşırı
goo <> yapış
good <> çok
good <> dolu
good <> emin
good <> güzel
good <> hayır
good <> iyi
good <> olduk
good <> peki
good <> sağlı
good <> sağla
good <> uslu
good <> yarar
goodby <> Goodb
goodbye <> Allah
goodbye <> elved
goodbye <> güle
goodbye <> hoşça
goodbyes <> vedal
gooder <> velin
goodfellow <> Goodf
goodhearted <> iyi
goodies <> şeker
gooding <> Goodi
goodish <> bayağ
goodish <> epey
goodish <> iyice
goodish <> olduk
goodlooking <> hoş
goodly <> dolgu
goodly <> epeyc
goodly <> güzel
goodman <> aile
goodman <> baba
goodman <> koca
goodness <> öz
goodness <> cevhe
goodness <> iyili
goodnight <> iyi
goods <> eşya
goods <> mal
goods <> yük
goodtime <> Goodt
goodwife <> evin
goodwife <> hayat
goodwife <> zevce
goodwill <> hava
goodwill <> iyi
goodwill <> iyi 
goodwill <> temiz
goody <> şeker
goody <> ilgi
goody <> iyili
goody <> ne
goody <> ne 
goody <> nine
goody <> sahte
goody <> yaşlı
goody <> yapma
gooey <> aşırı
gooey <> yapış
goof <> ahmak
goof <> aptal
goof <> becer
goof <> bozma
goof <> gaf
goof <> gaf 
goof <> hata
goof <> pot 
goof <> yanıl
goofball <> saman
goofs <> Vizyo
goofy <> akıls
goofy <> aptal
googler <> Googl
googling <> Googl
googly <> aldat
googolplex <> Googo
gook <> Çinli
gook <> çamur
gook <> pisli
gook <> yaban
gool <> Gool
goombay <> Goomb
goon <> grevc
goon <> kiral
goon <> kunda
goonies <> Gooni
goor <> Goor
goos <> GOOS
goosander <> teste
goose <> ahmak
goose <> kaz
goose <> kaz 
goose <> parma
goose <> terzi
gooseberries <> Bekta
gooseberry <> bekta
gooseneck <> deveb
goosey <> aptal
goosey <> kaz
goosey <> kaz 
goosy <> Goosy
gopher <> Nuh'u
gopher <> bir 
gopher <> kırma
gopher <> kıvır
gopher <> sinca
gophers <> Gophe
gopherwood <> sarı
goral <> Göral
gord <> Gord
gordian <> Gordi
gore <> üçgen
gore <> boynu
gore <> fildi
gore <> kan
gore <> kan 
gore <> peş
gore <> peş 
gore <> süsme
gorefest <> Goref
gorge <> boğaz
gorge <> gırtl
gorge <> geçit
gorge <> oburl
gorge <> tıkın
gorge <> tıka
gorge <> vadi
gorged <> dolmu
gorged <> doymu
gorged <> patla
gorgeous <> görke
gorgeous <> göz 
gorgeous <> harik
gorgeous <> muhte
gorgeous <> parla
gorgeousness <> görke
gorgeousness <> parla
gorges <> boğaz
gorget <> boğaz
gorget <> boyun
gorget <> taş 
gorget <> yaka
gorgias <> Gorgi
gorgon <> çirki
gorgon <> şirre
gorgon <> Gorgo
gorgon <> cadı
gorgon <> yılan
gorgonia <> Gorgo
gorgons <> Gorgo
gorilla <> fedai
gorilla <> goril
gorilla <> korum
gorillas <> goril
gorily <> kanlı
goring <> boynu
gork <> Görk
gorm <> Gorm
gormandize <> midey
gormandize <> tıkın
gormandizer <> obur
gormless <> akıls
gormless <> aptal
gorse <> karaç
gorse <> katır
gory <> ürper
gory <> kan 
gory <> kanlı
gory <> korku
gos <> go
gosh <> Allah
gosh <> hay 
gosh <> ya
goshawk <> çakır
goshawk <> atmac
goslarite <> Gosla
gosling <> acemi
gosling <> kaz
gosling <> kaz 
goslings <> Gosli
gospel <> İncil
gospeler <> aşai
gospeller <> aşai
gospels <> İncil
gosport <> Gospo
goss <> Goss
gossamer <> örümc
gossamer <> bürüm
gossamer <> hafif
gossamer <> incec
gosse <> Gosse
gosses <> Gosse
gossip <> çene
gossip <> dedik
gossip <> gevez
gossip <> hoşbe
gossiped <> dedik
gossiping <> dedik
gossipmonger <> dedik
gossipping <> Dedik
gossips <> dedik
gossipy <> boşbo
gossipy <> dedik
gossipy <> gevez
gossoon <> delik
gossoon <> genç
gossypium <> Gossy
gossypol <> gossy
got <> var
gotcha <> Yakal
gotchas <> Sorun
gothic <> barba
gothic <> got 
gothic <> got'l
gothic <> gotik
gothic <> grote
gothic <> korku
gotta <> lazım
gottron <> Gottr
gouache <> guaş
goud <> Goud
gouge <> şanta
gouge <> heyke
gouge <> hile
gouge <> kazık
gouge <> oluk
gouge <> oyma
gouge <> oymak
gouge <> oyuk
gouge <> para
gouges <> Gouge
gouging <> oyma
goulash <> Macar
goulash <> gulaş
gourami <> guram
gouramies <> guram
gourd <> sukab
gourds <> su
gourmand <> ağzın
gourmand <> boğaz
gourmand <> obur
gourmand <> pisbo
gourmandises <> Gourm
gourmet <> şarap
gourmet <> ağzın
gourmet <> gurme
gourmets <> gurme
gout <> gut
gouty <> gut
gouty <> gut 
gouty <> gutlu
gove <> Gove
govern <> almak
govern <> frenl
govern <> hüküm
govern <> hükme
govern <> idare
govern <> kontr
govern <> müreb
govern <> yönet
govern <> zapte
governability <> yönet
governable <> idare
governance <> denet
governance <> kontr
governance <> yönet
governances <> yönet
governed <> yönet
governess <> özel
governess <> dadı
governess <> eğiti
governess <> müreb
governing <> ana
governing <> baş
governing <> hüküm
governing <> hükme
governing <> idare
governing <> yönet
governing <> yol 
government <> devle
government <> hüküm
government <> idare
government <> rejim
government <> siyas
government <> yönet
governmental <> devle
governmental <> hüküm
governmentalize <> devle
governmentally <> dünya
governments <> hüküm
governor <> baba
governor <> bey
governor <> eyale
governor <> müdür
governor <> patro
governor <> vali
governor <> yönet
governorate <> Valil
governorates <> valil
governors <> Valil
governorship <> idare
governorship <> valil
governorship <> yönet
governorships <> valil
governs <> yönet
gowan <> Gowan
gowdy <> Gowdy
gowland <> Gowla
gown <> ünive
gown <> cüppe
gown <> elbis
gown <> gecel
gown <> rop
gown <> sabah
gowns <> önlük
gownsman <> ünive
gownsman <> cüppe
goy <> Yahud
goyim <> Yahud
graal <> Graal
grab <> alma
grab <> gasp
grab <> kapma
grab <> kaptı
grab <> tırna
grab <> yakal
grab <> zorla
grabbed <> yakal
grabber <> açgöz
grabber <> gaspç
grabber <> yağma
grabbing <> kapma
grabble <> el 
grabble <> yokla
graben <> çökük
graben <> grabe
grabens <> grabe
grabhook <> dörtl
grabs <> kapma
grace <> şeref
grace <> erdem
grace <> görgü
grace <> heves
grace <> incel
grace <> istek
grace <> kanun
grace <> lütfe
grace <> lütuf
grace <> merha
grace <> nezak
grace <> onur
grace <> süsle
grace <> saygı
grace <> teşri
grace <> zaraf
graced <> süsle
graceful <> ağırb
graceful <> ince
graceful <> vakur
graceful <> zarif
gracefully <> incel
gracefully <> zaraf
gracefulness <> incel
gracefulness <> nezak
gracefulness <> zaraf
graceless <> görgü
graceless <> kaba
graceless <> nahoş
graceless <> terbi
gracile <> ince
gracile <> zayıf
gracious <> bağış
gracious <> cana
gracious <> ince
gracious <> iyi 
gracious <> kerim
gracious <> merha
gracious <> nazik
gracious <> yardı
gracious <> zarif
gracious <> zevkl
graciously <> nezak
graciousness <> cana
graciousness <> merha
graciousness <> nezak
graciousness <> zaraf
grad <> mezun
gradate <> derec
gradation <> aşama
gradation <> derec
gradation <> ton
gradational <> geçiş
gradationally <> geçiş
gradations <> geçiş
grade <> aşama
grade <> başar
grade <> basam
grade <> düzel
grade <> düzen
grade <> düzey
grade <> derec
grade <> eğim
grade <> kadem
grade <> kalit
grade <> not 
grade <> rütbe
grade <> sınıf
grade <> seviy
graded <> derec
grader <> düzen
grader <> grayd
grader <> sınıf
grader <> tasni
graders <> greyd
grades <> ilkok
grades <> notla
gradient <> düğüm
gradient <> düşüm
gradient <> derec
gradient <> eğim
gradient <> irtif
gradient <> meyil
gradient <> yürüy
gradients <> grady
gradin <> Gradi
grading <> sınıf
gradings <> derec
gradiometer <> grady
gradiometers <> grady
grads <> grad
gradual <> aşama
gradual <> derec
gradual <> kadem
gradualism <> kadem
gradualist <> tedri
gradually <> azar
gradually <> derec
gradually <> gitgi
gradually <> kadem
graduate <> ünive
graduate <> ürün
graduate <> ayrıl
graduate <> bitir
graduate <> derec
graduate <> diplo
graduate <> lisan
graduate <> maste
graduate <> mezun
graduate <> sınıf
graduated <> derec
graduated <> mezun
graduates <> mezun
graduating <> mezun
graduation <> bitir
graduation <> derec
graduation <> diplo
graduation <> mezun
graduation <> sınıf
graduations <> mezun
graffiti <> duvar
graffito <> duvar
graffito <> mağar
graft <> aşı
graft <> aşı 
graft <> aşıla
graft <> doku
graft <> nakle
graft <> organ
graft <> para
graft <> rüşve
graft <> yolsu
graft <> yozla
grafted <> aşılı
grafter <> aşıla
grafter <> para
grafter <> rüşve
grafting <> aşıla
graftings <> greft
grafts <> greft
grahamite <> Graha
grail <> İsa'n
grail <> Grail
grail <> kutsa
grails <> Grail
grain <> çizgi
grain <> öğütm
grain <> ağacı
grain <> damar
grain <> granü
grain <> tahıl
grain <> tane
grain <> tanec
grain <> tanel
grain <> zerre
grained <> tanel
grainer <> Grain
graininess <> grenl
grains <> tanel
grainy <> grenl
gram <> bir 
gram <> gram
gram <> nohut
gramaphone <> Grama
gramercy <> çok
gramercy <> çok 
graminaceous <> ot 
graminaceous <> otsu
gramineae <> Grami
gramineous <> ot 
gramineous <> otsu
graminivorous <> otçul
graminivorous <> ot 
gramma <> Gramm
grammar <> dilbi
grammar <> grame
grammar <> temel
grammarian <> dilbi
grammarian <> grame
grammars <> grame
grammatical <> dilbi
grammatical <> grama
grammatical <> kural
grammaticality <> dilbi
grammatically <> dilbi
grammatology <> Gramm
gramme <> gram
grammes <> gram
gramophone <> gramo
gramophones <> gramo
grampa <> Gramp
gramps <> Gramp
grampus <> yunus
grams <> gram
gran <> nine
granadilla <> Grana
granado <> Grana
granados <> Grana
granaries <> tahıl
granary <> hubub
granary <> tahıl
grand <> öneml
grand <> ağırb
grand <> ana
grand <> asil
grand <> büyük
grand <> baş
grand <> bin 
grand <> genel
grand <> kuyru
grand <> muhte
grand <> soylu
grand <> ulu
grandad <> dede
grandam <> büyük
grandam <> nine
grandam <> yaşlı
grandaunt <> büyük
grandchild <> torun
grandchildren <> torun
grandchilds <> Torun
granddad <> büyük
granddad <> dede
granddaddies <> büyük
granddaddy <> atası
granddaughter <> torun
grandee <> asilz
grandee <> yükse
grander <> görke
grandest <> görke
grandeur <> azame
grandeur <> büyük
grandeur <> görke
grandeur <> heybe
grandeur <> ihtiş
grandeur <> kibar
grandeur <> lüks
grandeur <> salta
grandeur <> soylu
grandfather <> büyük
grandfather <> dede
grandfathering <> istis
grandfatherly <> dede
grandfatherly <> iyi 
grandfathers <> dedel
grandiloquence <> lâfı
grandiloquence <> tumtu
grandiloquence <> yerin
grandiloquent <> tumtu
grandiloquent <> yerin
grandiose <> görke
grandiose <> göz 
grandiose <> heybe
grandiose <> muazz
grandiose <> tanta
grandiosity <> grand
grandkids <> torun
grandma <> annea
grandma <> büyük
grandma <> babaa
grandma <> nine
grandmama <> ve
grandmamma <> annea
grandmamma <> büyük
grandmamma <> babaa
grandmamma <> nine
grandmas <> ninel
grandmaster <> büyük
grandmasters <> ustal
grandmother <> annea
grandmother <> büyük
grandmother <> babaa
grandmother <> nine
grandmotherly <> özenl
grandmotherly <> büyük
grandmothers <> Annea
grandnephew <> yeğen
grandness <> azame
grandness <> büyük
grandness <> ihtiş
grandniece <> yeğen
grandpa <> büyük
grandpa <> dede
grandpapa <> büyük
grandpapa <> dede
grandparent <> büyük
grandparents <> Dedes
grandparents <> dede
grandparents <> dede-
grandsire <> dede
grandsire <> ihtiy
grandson <> torun
grandsons <> torun
grandstand <> sahne
grandstand <> tribü
grandstands <> Tribü
granduncle <> büyük
grange <> çiftç
grange <> çiftl
granges <> GRANG
graniferous <> tahıl
graniferous <> tane
graniferous <> tanel
graning <> Grani
granitas <> Grani
granite <> grani
granite <> sağla
granite <> sert
granite <> taş 
granites <> grani
granitic <> grani
granitic <> sağla
granitic <> sert
granitic <> taş 
granitization <> Grani
granitoid <> grani
granivorous <> tahıl
grannie <> annea
grannie <> büyük
grannie <> babaa
grannie <> nine
granny <> annea
granny <> büyük
granny <> babaa
granny <> nine
granoblastic <> grano
granodiorite <> grano
granodiorites <> grano
granodioritic <> grano
granophyre <> Grano
granophyric <> Grano
grans <> Grans
grant <> ödene
grant <> bağış
grant <> burs
grant <> devir
grant <> ferag
grant <> hibe
grant <> imtiy
grant <> kabul
grant <> nasip
grant <> onayl
grant <> verme
granted <> diyel
granted <> imtiy
granted <> veril
grantee <> bursl
grantee <> hibe
grantee <> imtiy
grantee <> yardı
grantees <> Hibe
granting <> veril
grantor <> bağış
grantor <> burs
grantor <> hibe
grants <> ödene
grants <> bursl
grants <> yardı
granular <> granü
granular <> pürüz
granular <> tanec
granular <> tanel
granularity <> ayrın
granulate <> öğütm
granulated <> öğütü
granulated <> tanec
granulated <> tanel
granulated <> toz
granulates <> granü
granulating <> tanel
granulation <> öğütm
granulation <> granü
granulation <> tanel
granulator <> Kırma
granulators <> tanel
granule <> granü
granule <> tanec
granule <> zerre
granules <> granü
granuliform <> tanec
granulite <> granu
granulites <> granu
granulocyte <> granü
granulocytes <> granü
granulocytic <> Granü
granulocytopenia <> granü
granulocytosis <> granü
granuloma <> granü
granulomas <> granü
granulomatosis <> granü
granulomatous <> granü
granulometric <> granü
granulopoiesis <> granü
granulosa <> granü
granulose <> granü
granulous <> granü
granulous <> tanec
granulous <> tanel
granzyme <> granz
grape <> üzüm
grape <> atın
grape <> sığır
grapefruit <> greyf
grapefruits <> greyf
grapes <> üzüm
grapeseed <> üzüm
grapeshot <> miske
grapestone <> Salkı
grapevine <> asma
grapevine <> dedik
grapevine <> rivay
grapevine <> söyle
grapevines <> asma
graph <> çizel
graph <> diyag
graph <> eğri
graph <> grafi
graph <> işare
graphed <> grafi
grapheme <> sesle
graphesthesia <> grafe
graphic <> Grafi
graphic <> açık
graphic <> canlı
graphic <> grafi
graphic <> hat 
graphical <> açık
graphical <> canlı
graphical <> grafi
graphically <> çizil
graphically <> grafi
graphics <> grafi
graphics <> tekni
graphics <> yazı
graphing <> grafi
graphite <> grafi
graphites <> grafi
graphitic <> grafi
graphitization <> grafi
graphological <> yazıb
graphologist <> grafo
graphologist <> yazıb
graphology <> grafo
graphology <> yazıb
graphs <> grafi
graphy <> grafi
grapnel <> çenge
grapnel <> borda
grapnel <> dörtl
grapnel <> filik
grapnel <> kanca
grapple <> çenge
grapple <> bağla
grapple <> boğuş
grapple <> filik
grapple <> göğüs
grapple <> kanca
grapple <> sarıl
grapple <> tutma
grapple <> uğraş
grapple <> yakal
grappling <> filik
graptolithina <> Grapt
graptoloidea <> Grapt
grasp <> anlam
grasp <> idrak
grasp <> kabza
grasp <> kapma
grasp <> kavra
grasp <> sımsı
grasp <> tutma
grasp <> yakal
graspable <> Kavra
grasped <> kavra
grasper <> kavra
graspers <> grasp
grasping <> açgöz
grasping <> doyum
grasping <> gözü
grasps <> kavrı
grass <> çayır
grass <> çim
grass <> çim 
grass <> çimen
grass <> çimle
grass <> ele 
grass <> esrar
grass <> ihbar
grass <> marih
grass <> ot
grass <> ot 
grass <> otlak
grass <> otlam
grass <> otlat
grass <> vurma
grass <> yere
grassed <> çimle
grasser <> Grass
grasses <> çimen
grasshopper <> çekir
grasshopper <> küçük
grasshopper <> pırpı
grasshoppers <> çekir
grassing <> Çimle
grassland <> çayır
grassland <> mera
grassland <> otlak
grasslands <> otlak
grassplot <> çimen
grassroots <> doğma
grassroots <> kökle
grassroots <> taban
grassy <> çimen
grassy <> otlu
grassy <> yeşil
grat <> çok 
grat <> öneml
grat <> ünlü
grat <> büyük
grat <> harik
grat <> heves
grat <> iyi
grat <> mükem
grat <> muazz
grat <> ulu
grate <> ızdır
grate <> ızgar
grate <> şömin
grate <> demir
grate <> gıcık
grate <> gıcır
grate <> kalbu
grate <> ocak
grate <> pence
grate <> rende
grate <> sinir
grated <> rende
grateful <> müteş
grateful <> makbu
grateful <> memnu
grateful <> minne
grateful <> tatmi
grateful <> teşek
grateful <> verim
gratefully <> minne
gratefulness <> minne
gratefulness <> teşek
grater <> rende
graters <> rende
grates <> ızgar
graticule <> şebek
graticule <> ağ
graticule <> siste
gratification <> ek 
gratification <> haz
gratification <> hoşnu
gratification <> iftih
gratification <> ikram
gratification <> memnu
gratification <> para
gratification <> zevk
gratifications <> doyum
gratified <> doymu
gratified <> hoşnu
gratified <> memnu
gratified <> tatmi
gratify <> gider
gratify <> hoşnu
gratify <> kendi
gratify <> memnu
gratify <> sevin
gratify <> tatmi
gratifying <> iyi
gratifying <> memnu
gratifying <> tatmi
gratinated <> grati
gratine <> grati
grating <> ızgar
grating <> cırla
grating <> gıcır
grating <> kafes
grating <> kulağ
grating <> nahoş
grating <> parma
gratings <> ızgar
gratis <> bedav
gratis <> gerek
gratis <> paras
gratis <> sebep
gratis <> yok 
gratitude <> şükür
gratitude <> şükra
gratitude <> gönül
gratitude <> minne
gratuities <> bahşi
gratuitous <> bedav
gratuitous <> gerek
gratuitous <> haksı
gratuitous <> neden
gratuitous <> sebep
gratuitous <> uluor
gratuitously <> kendi
gratuity <> armağ
gratuity <> hediy
gratuity <> ikram
grav <> Grav
gravamen <> itham
gravamen <> suçla
grave <> ölme
grave <> öneml
grave <> ağır
grave <> aksan
grave <> ciddi
grave <> gömüt
grave <> işlem
grave <> kabir
grave <> kalın
grave <> kalaf
grave <> kasve
grave <> kazım
grave <> mezar
grave <> oymak
grave <> pes
grave <> sıkıc
gravedigger <> mezar
gravel <> çakıl
gravel <> şaşır
gravel <> aklın
gravel <> hayre
gravel <> kum
gravel <> taş
graveled <> çakıl
graveless <> gömül
graveless <> mezar
gravelled <> çakıl
gravelly <> çakıl
gravels <> çakıl
gravelstone <> Çakıl
gravely <> ciddi
graven <> oyma
graven <> oyulm
graverobber <> Grave
graves <> mezar
gravesend <> Grave
graveside <> mezar
gravesites <> mezar
gravest <> vahim
gravestone <> mezar
gravestones <> mezar
graveyard <> kabri
graveyard <> mezar
graveyards <> mezar
gravid <> gebe
gravid <> hamil
gravidas <> gebel
gravidity <> gebel
gravidity <> hamil
gravies <> et
gravimeter <> görec
gravimeter <> gravi
gravimetric <> gravi
gravimetrical <> gravi
gravimetrically <> gravi
gravimetry <> gravi
graving <> eğili
gravitate <> çökme
gravitate <> çekil
gravitate <> çekim
gravitate <> batma
gravitate <> cazib
gravitate <> yerçe
gravitates <> dönüy
gravitation <> çekim
gravitation <> cazib
gravitation <> eğili
gravitation <> meyil
gravitation <> yerçe
gravitational <> çekim
gravitational <> yerçe
gravitationally <> yerçe
gravities <> yerçe
graviton <> Gravi
gravitons <> gravi
gravity <> çekim
gravity <> önem
gravity <> ağırb
gravity <> ağırl
gravity <> ciddi
gravity <> pesli
gravity <> yerçe
gravure <> fotoğ
gravure <> gravü
gravures <> Gravü
gravy <> açıkt
gravy <> et 
gravy <> etin
gravy <> kolay
gravy <> sos
gray <> ağarm
gray <> beyaz
gray <> boz
gray <> gri
gray <> külre
gray <> kır
gray <> kırla
gray <> kapal
gray <> kurşu
gray <> sıkın
grayback <> güney
grayback <> gri 
grayback <> leş
grayback <> leş 
graybeard <> ihtiy
grayed <> gri
grayfish <> köpek
graying <> ağara
graying <> beyaz
grayish <> grims
grayish <> küllü
grayish <> kır
grayling <> gölge
grayness <> darlı
grayness <> grili
grayness <> kır
grayness <> sıkın
grays <> grile
grayscale <> gri
graywacke <> grova
graywackes <> grova
graze <> otlam
graze <> otlat
graze <> sıyır
graze <> sıyrı
grazed <> sıyrı
grazer <> Graze
grazier <> çoban
grazier <> besic
grazing <> otlam
grease <> gres
grease <> içyağ
grease <> makin
grease <> para
grease <> rüşve
grease <> yağ
grease <> yağ 
grease <> yağla
greased <> yağla
greaseproof <> yağ
greaseproof <> yağ 
greaser <> Meksi
greaser <> araba
greaser <> makin
greaser <> yağcı
greaser <> yalta
greases <> gresl
greasiness <> kayga
greasiness <> vıcık
greasiness <> yağcı
greasiness <> yağlı
greasing <> yağ 
greasing <> yağla
greasy <> civa
greasy <> ele 
greasy <> kayga
greasy <> kaypa
greasy <> yağcı
greasy <> yağlı
greasy <> yapış
great <> çok 
great <> öneml
great <> ünlü
great <> büyük
great <> harik
great <> heves
great <> iyi
great <> mükem
great <> muazz
great <> ulu
greatcoat <> asker
greatcoat <> palto
greaten <> büyüm
greaten <> büyüt
greater <> daha
greatest <> azami
greatest <> büyük
greatly <> çokça
greatly <> çok
greatly <> adama
greatness <> azame
greatness <> büyük
greatnesses <> büyük
greats <> bitir
greatwall <> Great
greave <> baldı
greaves <> donya
grebe <> dalgı
grebe <> yumur
grecian <> Eski
grecian <> Grek
grecian <> Yunan
gree <> Gree
greece <> Yunan
greeces <> Yunan
greed <> açgöz
greed <> hırs
greed <> oburl
greedily <> açgöz
greediness <> açgöz
greediness <> hırs
greediness <> oburl
greedy <> açgöz
greedy <> doyum
greedy <> gözü
greedy <> hırsl
greedy <> heves
greedy <> obur
greedy <> pisbo
greedy <> tamah
greek <> Rum
greek <> Yunan
green <> çimen
green <> acemi
green <> genç
green <> gençl
green <> golf
green <> ham
green <> hasta
green <> para
green <> rengi
green <> taze
green <> toy
green <> yeşer
green <> yeşil
green <> yeni
green <> zinde
greenalite <> Grena
greenback <> dolar
greenback <> yeşil
greenbelt <> yeşil
greenbelts <> geniş
greenbrier <> Green
greener <> yeşil
greenery <> sera
greenery <> yeşil
greenest <> yeşil
greenfield <> yeşil
greenfields <> Green
greenfinch <> flury
greenfinch <> yelve
greenfly <> yapra
greengage <> barda
greengage <> frenk
greengrocer <> manav
greengrocer <> sebze
greengrocers <> manav
greengrocery <> manav
greengrocery <> sebze
greenhead <> Green
greenheart <> Green
greenhorn <> acemi
greenhorn <> ahmak
greenhorn <> saf
greenhorn <> toy
greenhouse <> limon
greenhouse <> sera
greenhouse <> uçağı
greenhouses <> seral
greenhousing <> serac
greening <> Green
greenish <> yeşil
greenly <> acemi
greenly <> yeşil
greenmarket <> Green
greenness <> acemi
greenness <> hamlı
greenness <> tazel
greenness <> yeşil
greenockite <> Greno
greenroom <> kulis
greens <> sebze
greens <> yapra
greens <> yeşil
greensickness <> kansı
greensickness <> kloro
greenside <> Green
greenskeepers <> Green
greensleeves <> Green
greenstick <> yaş
greenstone <> Green
greenstuff <> ot
greenstuff <> sebze
greenstuff <> yeşil
greensward <> çimen
greenthumb <> Green
greenway <> yeşil
greenways <> Green
greenwood <> ağaçl
greenwood <> haydu
greenwood <> orman
greenwoods <> Green
greeny <> yeşil
greenyard <> Green
grees <> Grees
greese <> Grees
greet <> çarpm
greet <> karşı
greet <> kutla
greet <> selam
greeted <> karşı
greeter <> Greet
greeters <> karşı
greeting <> karşı
greeting <> kutla
greeting <> selam
greeting <> tebri
greetings <> selam
greets <> selam
gregarious <> salkı
gregarious <> sokul
gregarious <> toplu
gregariousness <> sürü
gregariousness <> toplu
grego <> Yunan
gregos <> Grego
greige <> ham
grein <> Grein
greisen <> Greyz
gremlin <> cin
gren <> yeşil
grenade <> el
grenade <> el 
grenades <> bomba
grenadier <> el
grenadier <> el 
grenadiers <> Grena
grenadilla <> Grena
grenadine <> ipekl
grenadine <> nar
grenadine <> nar 
grenadines <> Grena
gressorial <> yürüm
gressorial <> yürüy
gret <> Gret
grete <> Grete
greve <> Greve
grew <> büyüd
grex <> Grex
grey <> ağarm
grey <> beyaz
grey <> boz
grey <> gri
grey <> külre
grey <> kır
grey <> kırla
grey <> kapal
grey <> kurşu
grey <> sıkın
greybeard <> ihtiy
greyed <> silik
greyer <> graye
greyhound <> tazı
greyhounds <> tazı
greying <> ağara
greying <> beyaz
greyish <> grims
greyish <> küllü
greyish <> kır
greylag <> yaban
greyness <> darlı
greyness <> grili
greyness <> sıkın
greys <> grile
greystone <> Greys
greystones <> Greys
greywacke <> grova
greywackes <> gri-k
gribble <> Gribb
grice <> Grice
grid <> ızgar
grid <> şebek
grid <> harit
grid <> parma
grid <> siste
griddle <> maden
griddle <> saplı
griddle <> tel
griddle <> tel 
griddlers <> Gridd
gride <> Gride
gridiron <> ızgar
gridiron <> şebek
gridiron <> futbo
gridiron <> siste
grids <> ızgar
grief <> üzünt
grief <> acı
grief <> dert
grief <> gam
grief <> keder
griefs <> Keder
gries <> Gries
grievance <> şikây
grievance <> dert
grievance <> kinci
grievance <> kinda
grievance <> sorun
grievance <> yakın
grievances <> mağdu
grieve <> üzülm
grieve <> üzmek
grieve <> dert
grieve <> keder
grieved <> incit
grieves <> hüzün
grieveth <> üzüyo
grieving <> Keder
grievous <> üzücü
grievous <> ağır
grievous <> acı
grievous <> feci
grievous <> iğren
grievousness <> acı 
grievousness <> zor
grievousness <> zor 
griff <> bilgi
griff <> griff
griff <> haber
griffe <> Griff
griffin <> Hindi
griffin <> bilgi
griffin <> haber
griffin <> kızıl
griffin <> karta
griffon <> grifo
griffon <> kısa
griffon <> kızıl
grift <> dolan
grifter <> üçkâğ
grifter <> dolan
grifters <> Grift
grill <> ızgar
grill <> işken
grill <> kızar
grill <> kafes
grill <> parma
grill <> sorgu
grillage <> ızgar
grille <> ızgar
grille <> kafes
grille <> parma
grilled <> ızgar
grilled <> kızar
grilled <> kafes
grilled <> parma
griller <> ızgar
grillers <> ızgar
grilles <> ızgar
grilling <> ızgar
grilling <> sorgu
grillroom <> et
grillroom <> et 
grillroom <> ocak
grills <> ızgar
grilse <> alaba
grilse <> som 
grim <> acıma
grim <> gadda
grim <> korku
grim <> sert
grim <> surat
grim <> zalim
grimace <> surat
grimace <> yüzün
grimace <> yüz
grimace <> yüz 
grimaced <> yüzün
grimacing <> buruş
grimalkin <> acuze
grimalkin <> cadal
grimalkin <> yaşlı
grime <> kir
grime <> kirle
grime <> pisle
grimes <> Grime
grimily <> kirli
griminess <> kirli
griminess <> pisli
grimly <> sertç
grimme <> Grimm
grimmer <> Grimm
grimness <> gadda
grimness <> zulüm
grimoire <> Grimo
grimoires <> grimo
grimy <> kirli
grimy <> pis
grin <> sırıt
grind <> çalma
grind <> çekme
grind <> çekti
grind <> çok 
grind <> öğütm
grind <> üzmek
grind <> bilem
grind <> ezilm
grind <> eziye
grind <> ezmek
grind <> gıcır
grind <> inek
grind <> inekl
grind <> sıkış
grind <> yoruc
grind <> zımpa
grinded <> taşla
grinder <> öğütü
grinder <> azıdi
grinder <> biley
grinder <> değir
grinder <> kıyma
grinder <> taşla
grinder <> zımpa
grinderman <> Grind
grinders <> öğütü
grinding <> öğüte
grinding <> öğütm
grinding <> bilem
grinding <> ezen
grinding <> ezme
grinding <> gıcır
grindings <> öğütm
grinds <> biler
grindstone <> bileğ
grindstone <> değir
grindstone <> zımpa
grindstones <> bileğ
gringa <> Gring
gringo <> İngil
gringo <> Ameri
gringo <> yaban
gringos <> gring
grinned <> sırıt
grinning <> sırıt
grins <> sırıt
grip <> çekme
grip <> anlam
grip <> el 
grip <> etkil
grip <> hakim
grip <> idrak
grip <> kavra
grip <> kulp
grip <> sıkış
grip <> sıkı
grip <> sıkma
grip <> sap
grip <> set 
grip <> toka
grip <> tutma
grip <> yakal
gripe <> karnı
gripe <> mızmı
gripe <> sızla
gripe <> sancı
gripe <> yakın
gripes <> karın
gripes <> kayığ
gripes <> kulun
gripes <> sancı
griphite <> Grifi
griping <> yakın
grippe <> grip
gripped <> kavra
gripper <> çıtçı
gripper <> kıska
grippers <> tutuc
grippiness <> tutma
gripping <> heyec
gripping <> ilgin
gripping <> kavra
gripping <> sıkma
gripping <> tutma
grippy <> raket
grips <> sapla
gripsack <> el
gripsack <> el 
gripsack <> yolcu
grises <> Grise
griskin <> domuz
grisly <> dehşe
grisly <> korku
grisly <> tüyle
grisons <> Griso
grist <> öğütü
grist <> ezilm
grist <> fayda
grist <> ipin
grist <> kazan
grist <> temel
gristle <> kıkır
gristly <> kıkır
grit <> cesar
grit <> dayan
grit <> gıcır
grit <> iri 
grit <> kumta
grit <> metan
grits <> iri 
grits <> kaba
gritter <> tuzla
grittiness <> kumlu
gritty <> cesur
gritty <> dayan
gritty <> kumlu
grizzle <> boz
grizzle <> gri
grizzle <> inlem
grizzle <> külre
grizzle <> kır
grizzle <> kır 
grizzle <> mırıl
grizzle <> sızla
grizzle <> yakın
grizzled <> kır
grizzled <> kırla
grizzlies <> Grizz
grizzly <> bozay
grizzly <> kır
grizzly <> kırla
groan <> gıcır
groan <> inilt
groan <> inlem
groan <> sıkın
groan <> sızla
groaned <> inled
groaning <> inilt
groaning <> inlem
groaning <> inley
groans <> homur
groats <> öğütü
groats <> kabuk
grocer <> bakka
groceries <> Bakka
grocers <> Benzi
grocery <> bakka
groceteria <> bakka
groceteria <> selfs
grog <> alkol
grog <> sulu
grogginess <> ayakt
grogginess <> dizle
grogginess <> halsi
grogginess <> sarho
grogginess <> sende
groggy <> ayakt
groggy <> halsi
groggy <> sarho
groggy <> sende
groggy <> yalpa
grogs <> Grogs
grogshop <> bar
grogshop <> meyha
groin <> kasık
groin <> kemer
groined <> çapra
groined <> kuşak
groined <> perva
groins <> mahmu
grok <> algıl
grommet <> örme
grommet <> ip
grommet <> ip 
grommet <> kopça
grommets <> Gromm
groning <> Gröni
groom <> çeki
groom <> bakma
groom <> damat
groom <> güvey
groom <> giyin
groom <> hazır
groom <> saray
groom <> seyis
groom <> tımar
groom <> taram
groom <> yetiş
groomed <> bakım
groomer <> damat
grooming <> tımar
grooms <> mamül
groomsman <> sağdı
groomsmen <> Groom
groove <> çizgi
groove <> çizme
groove <> adet
groove <> alay
groove <> dalma
groove <> gelen
groove <> harik
groove <> mükem
groove <> oluk
groove <> saban
groove <> uğraş
groove <> yiv
groove <> yiv 
grooved <> olukl
grooved <> yivli
groover <> Groov
grooves <> olukl
grooving <> kanal
groovy <> gelen
groovy <> harik
groovy <> klişe
groovy <> moday
groovy <> moder
grope <> el 
grope <> ellem
grope <> okşam
grope <> yokla
gropingly <> el
gropingly <> el 
gropingly <> emin
gropingly <> körü
gropingly <> yokla
grosbeak <> ispin
grosgrain <> grogr
gross <> şişki
gross <> şişko
gross <> apaçı
gross <> bütün
gross <> bariz
gross <> brüt
gross <> gayri
gross <> grosa
gross <> hanta
gross <> kaba
gross <> kocam
gross <> müste
gross <> oniki
gross <> sıkı
gross <> topta
gross <> yoğun
grossart <> Gross
grossed <> hasıl
grossly <> ağır
grossly <> fena
grossular <> gross
grossularite <> Grosü
grosz <> Grosz
grot <> mağar
grotesque <> acayi
grotesque <> anlam
grotesque <> gülün
grotesque <> garip
grotesque <> grote
grotesquely <> tuhaf
grotesqueness <> garip
grotesqueness <> tuhaf
grotto <> mağar
grotto <> yapay
grottoes <> mağar
grotty <> berba
grotty <> kötü
grotty <> sıkıc
grotty <> sevim
grouch <> homur
grouch <> huysu
grouch <> söyle
grouch <> yakın
grouchiness <> homur
grouchiness <> huysu
grouchiness <> surat
grouchy <> hiç 
grouchy <> huysu
grouchy <> mızmı
grouchy <> surat
ground <> çakma
ground <> çekil
ground <> öğütü
ground <> buzlu
ground <> dayan
ground <> dip
ground <> harek
ground <> kara
ground <> karay
ground <> kurma
ground <> neden
ground <> saha
ground <> sebep
ground <> temel
ground <> topra
ground <> tortu
ground <> yer
ground <> yere
ground <> zemin
groundable <> topra
groundage <> liman
groundbreaking <> çığır
groundcover <> Yer
grounded <> çakıl
grounded <> haval
grounded <> topra
groundfloor <> Zemin
groundhog <> Groun
grounding <> temel
grounding <> topra
groundkeeper <> Groun
groundless <> asıls
groundless <> sebep
groundlessly <> neden
groundlessness <> lâ
groundman <> saha
groundmass <> hamur
groundnut <> yer
groundnut <> yer 
groundnuts <> yerfı
grounds <> gerek
grounds <> tortu
groundsel <> kanar
groundsman <> saha
groundswell <> Groun
groundwater <> yeral
groundwaters <> yeral
groundwork <> altya
groundwork <> asıl
groundwork <> fon
groundwork <> temel
groundwork <> zemin
groundworks <> TEMEL
group <> öbek
group <> filo
group <> grup
group <> grupl
group <> heyet
group <> küme
group <> kütle
group <> kafil
group <> manga
group <> sınıf
group <> takım
group <> topla
group <> toplu
groupage <> grupl
grouped <> grupl
grouped <> toplu
grouper <> balık
grouper <> grup
groupers <> orfoz
groupie <> grubu
grouping <> grupl
grouping <> topla
groupings <> grupl
groups <> grupl
groupwise <> Group
grouse <> dırdı
grouse <> homur
grouse <> kekli
grouse <> orman
grouse <> söyle
grouser <> dırdı
grouser <> homur
grouser <> sızla
grout <> bulgu
grout <> harç
grout <> sıva
grout <> yulaf
grouted <> kaya
grouting <> Enjek
groutings <> dökme
grouts <> harçl
grove <> ağaçl
grove <> koru
grovel <> ayakl
grovel <> sürün
grovel <> tapma
grovel <> yalta
grovel <> yerde
groveler <> dalka
groveler <> yalta
groveling <> aşağı
groveling <> adi
groveling <> rezil
groveller <> dalka
groveller <> yalta
grovelling <> aşağı
grovelling <> adi
grovelling <> rezil
groves <> bahçe
grow <> üretm
grow <> -leşm
grow <> -leme
grow <> -lenm
grow <> büyüm
grow <> büyüt
grow <> bırak
grow <> dönüş
grow <> geliş
grow <> uzatm
grow <> yetiş
grower <> üreti
grower <> yetiş
growers <> yetiş
growing <> çoğal
growing <> artan
growing <> büyüm
growing <> büyüy
growing <> geliş
growing <> tarım
growing <> yetiş
growl <> gürle
growl <> hırıl
growl <> hırla
growl <> homur
growl <> sızla
growled <> diye
growler <> buzul
growler <> hırla
growler <> homur
growler <> kırla
growler <> kiral
growler <> vibrö
growlers <> tufan
growling <> hırıl
growling <> hırla
grown <> büyüm
grown <> olgun
grown <> olmuş
grown <> yetiş
grows <> yetiş
growth <> ürün
growth <> büyüm
growth <> filiz
growth <> geliş
growth <> sürgü
growth <> ur
growths <> büyüm
groyne <> erezy
groyne <> set
grub <> çalış
grub <> çapal
grub <> ağır
grub <> arı 
grub <> didik
grub <> didin
grub <> eşele
grub <> kazma
grub <> kurtç
grub <> ot 
grub <> tırtı
grub <> topra
grub <> yemek
grub <> yiyec
grubber <> çapa
grubber <> bel
grubber <> eşele
grubber <> pullu
grubber <> saban
grubber <> tırmı
grubber <> uğraş
grubbing <> açgöz
grubby <> eski
grubby <> kirli
grubby <> kurtl
grubby <> pis
grubs <> larva
grubstake <> maden
grudge <> esirg
grudge <> garaz
grudge <> garez
grudge <> hınç
grudge <> haset
grudge <> istek
grudge <> kıska
grudge <> kin
grudge <> kinci
grudge <> kinda
grudged <> kin
grudger <> haset
grudger <> kıska
grudger <> kinci
grudges <> kinle
grudging <> gönül
grudging <> haset
grudging <> istek
grudging <> kıska
grudging <> kinci
grudging <> kinda
grudgingly <> gönül
grudgingly <> istek
grudgingly <> istem
gruel <> un 
gruel <> yulaf
grueling <> ağır
grueling <> eziye
grueling <> işken
grueling <> meşak
grueling <> sıkın
grueling <> yoruc
grueling <> zahme
grueling <> zorlu
gruelling <> ağır
gruelling <> eziye
gruelling <> işken
gruelling <> meşak
gruelling <> sıkın
gruelling <> yoruc
gruelling <> zahme
gruelling <> zorlu
gruesome <> ürküt
gruesome <> dehşe
gruesome <> korku
gruff <> aksi
gruff <> boğuk
gruff <> hırçı
gruff <> huysu
gruff <> kaba
gruff <> sert
gruffness <> aksil
gruffness <> boğuk
gruffness <> hırçı
gruffness <> kabal
grum <> Grum
grumble <> dırdı
grumble <> gümbü
grumble <> gürle
grumble <> gurul
grumble <> homur
grumble <> mırıl
grumble <> mızır
grumble <> söyle
grumble <> yakın
grumbled <> diye
grumbler <> dırdı
grumbler <> halin
grumbler <> homur
grumbling <> şikây
grumbling <> dırdı
grumbling <> hoşnu
grumbling <> homur
grumbling <> huysu
grumbling <> mırıl
grumbling <> mızır
grumblings <> şikay
grume <> kan 
grume <> pıhtı
grummet <> ilik
grummet <> ip 
grummet <> kopça
grumous <> düğüm
grumous <> pıhtı
grump <> homur
grump <> huysu
grump <> söyle
grumpiness <> somur
grumpiness <> surat
grumps <> somur
grumps <> surat
grumpy <> dırdı
grumpy <> homur
grumpy <> huysu
grumpy <> somur
grumpy <> ters
grunt <> domuz
grunt <> hırıl
grunt <> homur
grunt <> oflay
grunt <> sızla
grunted <> homur
grunter <> domuz
grunts <> homur
gruyere <> Gravy
gruyeres <> Gruye
gryphon <> grifo
gryphon <> karta
guaiacolate <> gayak
guana <> iguan
guanajuatite <> Guana
guanfacine <> Guanf
guanidine <> guani
guanin <> guani
guanine <> guani
guano <> guano
guano <> martı
guanosine <> guano
guanylate <> guani
guanylic <> Guani
guara <> Guarà
guarana <> Guara
guarani <> Guara
guarantee <> güven
guarantee <> garan
guarantee <> kefal
guarantee <> kefil
guarantee <> söz 
guarantee <> temin
guaranteed <> garan
guaranteeing <> garan
guarantees <> garan
guarantied <> garan
guaranties <> garan
guarantor <> garan
guarantor <> kefil
guarantors <> garan
guarantorship <> garan
guaranty <> güven
guaranty <> garan
guaranty <> kefal
guaranty <> kefil
guard <> bekçi
guard <> emniy
guard <> gözet
guard <> gard
guard <> gardi
guard <> himay
guard <> korum
guard <> korun
guard <> muhaf
guard <> nöbet
guard <> tutma
guard <> uyanı
guarded <> ihtiy
guarded <> korun
guarded <> tedbi
guarded <> tetik
guarded <> uyanı
guardedly <> ihtiy
guardedly <> korun
guardedly <> tetik
guardhouse <> asker
guardhouse <> nizam
guardian <> gardi
guardian <> koruy
guardian <> muhaf
guardian <> vasi
guardian <> veli
guardians <> velil
guardianship <> koruy
guardianship <> vasil
guardianship <> vekil
guardianship <> velil
guarding <> korum
guarding <> koruy
guarding <> nöbet
guardrail <> korku
guardrail <> parma
guardrails <> korku
guards <> muhaf
guardsman <> asker
guardsman <> nöbet
guardsmen <> muhaf
guava <> guava
gubbins <> ıvır
gubbins <> ahmak
gubbins <> değer
gubernatorial <> valiy
guck <> Guck
guddle <> elle
gude <> Gude
gudgeon <> enayi
gudgeon <> mil
gudgeon <> pim
gudgeon <> saf
gudgeon <> yem 
guerdon <> ödül
guerdon <> mükâf
guerdon <> tazmi
guerdon <> zarar
guerilla <> çete
guerilla <> çetec
guerilla <> geril
guerillas <> geril
guernsey <> Anglo
guernsey <> bir
guernsey <> bir 
guernsey <> yün 
guerrilla <> çete
guerrilla <> çetec
guerrilla <> geril
guerrillaism <> Geril
guerrillas <> Geril
guess <> içine
guess <> sanı
guess <> sezme
guess <> tahmi
guess <> varsa
guess <> zanne
guessable <> tahmi
guessed <> tahmi
guesses <> tahmi
guessing <> tahmi
guesstimate <> sezgi
guesswork <> varsa
guest <> asala
guest <> davet
guest <> konuk
guest <> misaf
guestbook <> ziyar
guestbooks <> defte
guesthouse <> misaf
guesthouse <> pansi
guesthouses <> pansi
guestroom <> konuk
guestrooms <> konuk
guests <> misaf
guff <> boş 
guff <> saçma
guffaw <> gürül
guffaw <> kahka
guga <> Guga
guggle <> kahka
guhr <> Guhr
guidable <> idare
guidable <> rehbe
guidable <> sevke
guidance <> idare
guidance <> kılav
guidance <> rehbe
guidance <> sevke
guidance <> yönle
guidance <> yol 
guide <> öncül
guide <> önder
guide <> örnek
guide <> danış
guide <> el 
guide <> götür
guide <> idare
guide <> kılav
guide <> model
guide <> rehbe
guide <> sevke
guide <> yönet
guide <> yönle
guide <> yol 
guidebook <> el 
guidebook <> rehbe
guidebooks <> kılav
guided <> güdüm
guided <> kılav
guided <> rehbe
guideline <> ana 
guideline <> ilke
guideline <> kılav
guideline <> prens
guideline <> uçak
guidelines <> kılav
guidepost <> işare
guides <> kılav
guideth <> hiday
guideway <> Kızak
guideways <> kızak
guidewire <> kılav
guidewires <> kılav
guiding <> ana
guiding <> esas
guiding <> rehbe
guiding <> temel
guiding <> yol 
guidon <> flama
guidon <> tabur
guids <> GUID'
guild <> birli
guild <> derne
guild <> esnaf
guild <> lonca
guilder <> Holla
guilder <> gulde
guildhall <> beled
guildhall <> esnaf
guilds <> filol
guildsman <> guild
guile <> üçkağ
guile <> hilek
guile <> hinli
guile <> kurna
guileful <> üçkâğ
guileful <> dalav
guileful <> hilek
guileless <> dürüs
guileless <> doğru
guileless <> hiles
guileless <> saf
guiling <> Guili
guillemet <> Guill
guillemot <> bir
guillemot <> bir 
guillemots <> Guill
guillotine <> giyot
guillotine <> zaman
guillotines <> giyot
guilt <> günah
guilt <> kabah
guilt <> suç
guilt <> suçlu
guiltiest <> suçlu
guiltiness <> günah
guiltiness <> suçlu
guiltless <> -siz
guiltless <> acemi
guiltless <> el 
guiltless <> masum
guiltless <> suçsu
guiltless <> tecrü
guilty <> günah
guilty <> kabah
guilty <> suçlu
guinea <> İngil
guinea <> Gine
guinea <> Guine
guineas <> gine
guipure <> keten
guise <> bahan
guise <> biçim
guise <> dış 
guise <> giysi
guise <> kılıf
guise <> kılık
guise <> maske
guises <> farkl
guitar <> gitar
guitarist <> gitar
guitarists <> gitar
guitars <> gitar
guitermanite <> Guite
gulag <> Gulag
gulch <> derin
gulch <> sel 
gulden <> Holan
gulden <> gulde
guled <> Güler
gules <> gules
gules <> kırmı
gulf <> anafo
gulf <> boşlu
gulf <> girda
gulf <> körfe
gulf <> uçuru
gulfs <> körfe
guling <> Gulin
gull <> aldan
gull <> aldat
gull <> dolan
gull <> enayi
gull <> kandı
gull <> martı
gull <> saf
guller <> Gülle
gullet <> boğaz
gullet <> gırtl
gullet <> geçit
gullet <> kanal
gullets <> gulet
gulley <> Gulle
gullibility <> enayi
gullibility <> kanma
gullibility <> saflı
gullible <> bön
gullible <> kolay
gullible <> saf
gullible <> salak
gulls <> martı
gullwing <> martı
gully <> çukur
gully <> dere
gully <> kanal
gully <> oluk
gully <> sel 
gully <> suyol
gullying <> oluk
gulp <> bastı
gulp <> boğaz
gulp <> içine
gulp <> küçük
gulp <> lokma
gulp <> soluğ
gulp <> yudum
gulp <> yutku
gulp <> yutma
gulped <> yutku
gum <> çapak
gum <> dişet
gum <> kauçu
gum <> lasti
gum <> reçin
gum <> sakız
gum <> yapış
gum <> zamk
gum <> zamkl
gumball <> Gumba
gumbo <> bamya
gumboots <> lasti
gumby <> Gumby
gumdrop <> sakız
gumma <> freng
gummed <> tutka
gummer <> Gumme
gummiferous <> sakız
gummiferous <> zamk
gumminess <> sakız
gumminess <> yapış
gummite <> Gumit
gummous <> zamkl
gummy <> ağdal
gummy <> sakız
gummy <> yapış
gump <> Gump
gumption <> cesar
gumption <> giriş
gumption <> prati
gums <> dişet
gums <> lasti
gumshield <> dişli
gumshoe <> ajan
gumshoe <> casus
gumshoe <> kauçu
gumshoes <> lasti
gumshoes <> spor
gun <> ateş
gun <> avcı
gun <> avlam
gun <> pompa
gun <> silâh
gun <> tüfek
gun <> taban
gun <> tam 
gun <> top
gun <> vurma
gunboat <> gambo
gunboat <> savaş
gunboats <> hücum
gunda <> Gündo
gundy <> Gündo
gunfight <> topçu
gunfighter <> Gunfi
gunfights <> silah
gunfire <> top
gunfire <> top 
gunk <> yapış
gunlock <> ateşl
gunlock <> tüfek
gunman <> silâh
gunmen <> silah
gunmetal <> bakır
gunmetal <> tunç
gunned <> öldür
gunnel <> Gunne
gunnels <> küpeş
gunner <> nişan
gunner <> topçu
gunners <> topçu
gunnery <> topçu
gunny <> çul
gunny <> çuval
gunplay <> topçu
gunpoint <> silah
gunpowder <> barut
gunpowders <> barut
gunroom <> av 
gunroom <> kıdem
gunrunner <> silâh
gunrunning <> silâh
guns <> taban
gunsel <> alık
gunsel <> ebleh
gunsel <> gangs
gunsel <> serse
gunsel <> silâh
gunship <> savaş
gunshot <> atış
gunshot <> menzi
gunshot <> silâh
gunshots <> Silah
gunslinger <> silâh
gunsmith <> silâh
gunsmith <> tüfek
gunstock <> dipçi
gunter <> gabya
gunwale <> borda
gunwale <> küpeş
guppies <> Lepis
guppy <> şnork
guppy <> lebis
gurdwara <> Gurdw
gurgitation <> fokur
gurgitation <> girda
gurgle <> çağla
gurgle <> şırıl
gurgle <> ağula
gurgle <> lıkır
gurgle <> lıklı
gurgle <> su
gurgle <> su 
gurnard <> kırla
gurney <> Gurne
gurneys <> gurne
gurry <> Gurry
gurs <> Gurs
gurt <> GURT
guru <> Hintl
guru <> guru
gurus <> otori
gush <> coşku
gush <> coşma
gush <> fışkı
gush <> sevgi
gush <> taşkı
gush <> taşma
gusher <> abart
gusher <> fışkı
gusher <> sevgi
gushers <> Gushe
gushing <> coşan
gushing <> fışkı
gushing <> gevez
gushing <> taşan
gushing <> taşkı
gushing <> yağcı
gushy <> fışkı
gushy <> gevez
gushy <> konuş
gushy <> yağcı
gusset <> ek 
gusset <> parça
gusset <> peş
gusset <> peş 
gusseted <> körük
gussie <> Gussi
gust <> ani 
gust <> bora
gust <> duygu
gust <> fırtı
gust <> yağmu
gustation <> tadın
gustation <> tatma
gustatory <> tat
gustatory <> tatma
gusto <> ağız
gusto <> doyum
gusto <> haz
gusto <> zevk
gusts <> Rüzga
gusty <> şidde
gusty <> fırtı
gusty <> rüzgâ
gusty <> sert
gut <> öneml
gut <> özeti
gut <> şerit
gut <> ateşl
gut <> bağır
gut <> ciddi
gut <> coşku
gut <> geçit
gut <> içgüd
gut <> içini
gut <> içten
gut <> kiriş
gut <> misin
gut <> temiz
gutless <> gönül
gutless <> istek
gutless <> korka
gutless <> yürek
gutnic <> Gutni
guts <> öz
guts <> bağır
guts <> cesar
guts <> enerj
guts <> iç
guts <> kişil
guts <> sindi
gutsy <> atak
gutsy <> cesur
gutsy <> gözüp
gutsy <> perva
gutta <> guta
guttate <> gutta
guttation <> damla
gutter <> çatı
gutter <> çukur
gutter <> adi
gutter <> batak
gutter <> düzey
gutter <> eriyi
gutter <> kötü
gutter <> kaba
gutter <> oluk
gutter <> suyol
guttered <> olukl
guttering <> hende
gutters <> olukl
guttersnipe <> afaca
guttersnipe <> sokak
guttiferous <> damla
gutting <> zarar
guttural <> boğuk
guttural <> gırtl
guttural <> kısık
guv <> şef
guv <> baba
guv <> efend
guv <> müdür
guv <> patro
guy <> acayi
guy <> adam
guy <> alay
guy <> bağla
guy <> germe
guy <> halat
guy <> herif
guy <> korku
guy <> rezil
guy <> takıl
guy <> tip
guyer <> Guyer
guyot <> Guyot
guys <> adaml
guze <> Guze
guzzle <> oburc
guzzle <> tıkın
guzzle <> yiyip
guzzler <> çok 
guzzler <> obur
guzzling <> yakan
gybe <> alay
gybe <> birbi
gybe <> dalga
gybe <> dokun
gybe <> taş
gybe <> taş 
gybe <> uyuşm
gybe <> yelke
gye <> GYE
gym <> egzer
gym <> jimna
gym <> spor
gymkhana <> atlar
gymkhana <> atlet
gymkhana <> yarış
gymnasia <> Gymna
gymnasium <> lise
gymnasium <> spor
gymnasiums <> cimna
gymnast <> beden
gymnast <> jimna
gymnastic <> jimna
gymnastics <> beden
gymnastics <> jimna
gymnasts <> jimna
gymnophiona <> Gymno
gymnospermae <> Gymno
gymnosperms <> açıkt
gymnosporangium <> Gymno
gympie <> Gympi
gyms <> jimna
gynaeceum <> dişi
gynaeceum <> harem
gynaecologic <> jinek
gynaecological <> jinek
gynaecologist <> jinek
gynaecologist <> kadın
gynaecologists <> jinek
gynaecology <> jinek
gynaecology <> kadın
gynaecomastia <> jinek
gynandrous <> karma
gynecologic <> jinek
gynecological <> jinek
gynecologist <> jinek
gynecologist <> kadın
gynecologists <> jinek
gynecology <> jinek
gynecology <> kadın
gynecomastia <> jinek
gynecopathy <> kadın
gyniatrics <> kadın
gyp <> aldat
gyp <> dolan
gyp <> hileb
gyp <> kandı
gyps <> Gyps
gypseous <> alçıl
gypseous <> alçıt
gypseous <> jipsl
gypsies <> çinge
gypsiferous <> jipsl
gypsophila <> Gypso
gypsum <> alçıt
gypsum <> jips
gypsy <> Çinge
gypsy <> bohem
gyrase <> giraz
gyrate <> döne
gyrate <> dönme
gyrate <> topaç
gyrated <> döne
gyration <> dönüş
gyration <> dönme
gyration <> devir
gyratory <> sarma
gyrfalcon <> akdoğ
gyrocompass <> ciros
gyrocompass <> topaç
gyrocopter <> Gyroc
gyrodactylus <> Gyrod
gyrograph <> devir
gyromagnetic <> döner
gyron <> Gyron
gyropilot <> otoma
gyroplane <> cirop
gyroplane <> otoji
gyros <> jiros
gyroscope <> cayro
gyroscope <> denge
gyroscope <> jiros
gyroscopes <> jiros
gyroscopic <> cayro
gyrostabilizer <> denge
gyrostat <> ciros
gyrus <> girus
gyte <> GYTE
gyve <> köste
gyve <> prang
gyve <> zinci
ha <> ha
ha <> vay
ha <> ya
habanera <> Haban
habanero <> Haban
habaneros <> Haban
haberdasher <> aktar
haberdasher <> erkek
haberdasher <> tuhaf
haberdashery <> aktar
haberdashery <> erkek
haberdashery <> tuhaf
habergeon <> zırh
habiliments <> özel
habiliments <> kıyaf
habiliments <> tören
habilitate <> döner
habilitate <> gerek
habilitation <> Habil
habit <> adet
habit <> alışk
habit <> bağım
habit <> elbis
habit <> huy
habit <> kıyaf
habit <> kafa
habit <> yaşam
habit <> yapı
habitability <> yaşan
habitable <> oturu
habitable <> yaşan
habitant <> ikame
habitant <> sakin
habitant <> yerli
habitat <> doğal
habitat <> habit
habitat <> vatan
habitat <> yetiş
habitation <> ev
habitation <> ikame
habitation <> konut
habitation <> oturm
habitation <> yerle
habitats <> habit
habits <> alışk
habitual <> alışı
habitual <> bağım
habitual <> gedik
habitual <> sürek
habitually <> alışk
habituate <> alışt
habituate <> sıkça
habituate <> sık 
habituated <> habit
habituation <> Alışk
habitude <> alışk
habitudes <> alışk
habitue <> devam
habitue <> gedik
habitue <> müdav
hable <> Hable
habu <> Habu
hacek <> HACEK
hachure <> taram
hachures <> eşyük
hachures <> taram
hacienda <> çiftl
hacienda <> büyük
hacienda <> fabri
hack <> çenti
hack <> çentm
hack <> alelâ
hack <> at
hack <> at 
hack <> atla
hack <> beygi
hack <> darbe
hack <> doğra
hack <> kıyma
hack <> kerti
hack <> kesic
hack <> kesme
hack <> kuru
hack <> sırad
hack <> sert
hack <> sipar
hack <> taksi
hack <> tekme
hack <> vurar
hack <> vuruş
hack <> yazar
hack <> yontm
hacker <> bilgi
hacker <> hacke
hackerdom <> Hacke
hackers <> hacke
hackie <> taksi
hacking <> hack
hackle <> boyun
hackle <> horoz
hackle <> keten
hackles <> öfkel
hackman <> Hackm
hackmanite <> Hakma
hackney <> binek
hackney <> kira
hackney <> koşum
hackneyed <> adi
hackneyed <> basma
hackneyed <> beyli
hackneyed <> kaşar
hackneyed <> sırad
hacks <> kesme
hacksaw <> demir
hacksaw <> kollu
hackwork <> günde
hacky <> Hacky
had <> vardı
hadal <> Hadal
hadden <> Hadde
haddock <> Atlan
haddock <> mezgi
hade <> damar
hade <> dikey
hades <> cehen
hades <> hades
hadith <> hadis
hadiths <> hadis
hadj <> hac
hadji <> hacı
hadronic <> hadro
hadrons <> hadro
hads <> HAD
haem <> Haem
haemadsorption <> hemad
haemagglutination <> hemag
haemagglutinin <> hemag
haemal <> damar
haemal <> kan
haemal <> kan 
haemangioma <> heman
haemangiomas <> heman
haematic <> kanı
haematic <> kan 
haematic <> kana
haematic <> kanla
haematite <> hemat
haematite <> kanta
haematite <> oliji
haematocele <> hemat
haematocrit <> hemat
haematocrits <> hemat
haematogenous <> hemat
haematologic <> hemat
haematological <> hemat
haematologist <> hemat
haematologists <> hemat
haematology <> hemat
haematology <> kanbi
haematoma <> hemat
haematomas <> hemat
haematopoiesis <> hemat
haematopoietic <> hemat
haematosalpinx <> hemot
haematoxylin <> hemat
haematuria <> hemat
haemochromatosis <> hemok
haemodiafiltration <> hemod
haemodialysis <> hemod
haemodilution <> hemod
haemodynamic <> hemod
haemodynamics <> hemod
haemofiltration <> hemof
haemoglobin <> hemog
haemoglobinopathies <> hemog
haemolysis <> hemol
haemolytic <> hemol
haemolyzed <> Hemol
haemophile <> hemof
haemophilia <> hemof
haemophilia <> kan 
haemophiliac <> hemof
haemophiliacs <> Hemof
haemophilus <> hemof
haemopneumothorax <> hemop
haemopoietic <> haemo
haemoproteus <> Haemo
haemoptysis <> hemop
haemorrhage <> kan 
haemorrhage <> kanam
haemorrhages <> kanam
haemorrhagia <> kanam
haemorrhagic <> hemor
haemorrhaging <> kanam
haemorrhoidal <> hemor
haemorrhoids <> basur
haemorrhoids <> hemor
haemorrhoids <> mayas
haemosiderin <> hemos
haemosiderosis <> hemos
haemostasis <> hemos
haemostatic <> hemos
haemothorax <> hemot
haen <> Haën
haes <> Haes
haff <> Haff
hafiz <> hafız
hafnium <> hafni
haft <> bıçak
haft <> kabza
haft <> sap
haft <> sap 
hag <> acuze
hag <> batak
hag <> cadı
hag <> cadal
hag <> kocak
hagfish <> balık
hagg <> Hägg
haggard <> bezgi
haggard <> bitki
haggard <> evcil
haggard <> vahşi
haggard <> yaban
haggis <> sakat
haggish <> cadı
haggle <> pazar
haggle <> sıkı
haggler <> pazar
haggler <> sıkı
haggling <> pazar
haggling <> sıkı
hagiocracy <> azizl
hagiographer <> azizl
hagiography <> azizl
hagiolatry <> azizl
hagiology <> azizl
hagridden <> büyüy
hagridden <> sabit
hagridden <> uğurs
hags <> HAGS
haidingerite <> Haidi
haiduk <> Haidu
haik <> Haik
hail <> çağır
hail <> dolu
hail <> liman
hail <> sağan
hail <> selam
hail <> sesle
hail <> taksi
hail <> topa
hail <> yağdı
hail <> yağma
hail <> yağmu
hail <> yerli
hailed <> selam
hailer <> megaf
hailing <> yağıy
hails <> övgü
hailstone <> dolu
hailstones <> dolu
hailstorm <> dolu
hailstorm <> yağmu
hailstorms <> dolu
haily <> Haily
hain <> Hain
haining <> Haini
hair <> kıl
hair <> saç
hair <> saçla
hair <> tüy
hairball <> kıl
hairballs <> kıl
hairbreadth <> kıl
hairbreadth <> kıl 
hairbrush <> fırça
hairbrush <> saç
hairbrush <> saç 
haircare <> Saç
haircloth <> kıl 
haircloth <> keçe
haircut <> saç
haircut <> saç 
haircuts <> saç
haircutting <> saç
hairdo <> saç
hairdo <> saç 
hairdresser <> berbe
hairdresser <> kuafö
hairdressers <> kuafö
hairdressing <> kuafö
hairdressing <> saça
hairdrier <> fön 
hairdrier <> saç
hairdrier <> saç 
hairdryer <> saç
hairdryers <> saç
haired <> kıllı
haired <> saçlı
haired <> tüylü
hairgrip <> saç 
hairgrip <> toka
hairiness <> kıllı
hairiness <> tüylü
hairless <> dazla
hairless <> kel
hairless <> saçsı
hairless <> tüysü
hairline <> ince
hairline <> saç
hairline <> saç 
hairloss <> saç
hairnets <> saç
hairpiece <> peruk
hairpiece <> posti
hairpiece <> takma
hairpin <> firke
hairpin <> keski
hairpins <> saç
hairs <> kılla
hairs <> tüyle
hairsplitter <> kılı
hairsplitting <> kılı
hairstyle <> saç
hairstyle <> saç 
hairstyles <> saç
hairstyling <> saç
hairstylist <> kuafö
hairstylist <> saç 
hairy <> kıl
hairy <> kıl 
hairy <> kıllı
hairy <> riskl
hairy <> saçlı
hairy <> tüylü
hairy <> tehli
hairy <> zor
haith <> Haith
haji <> Haji
hajj <> hac
hajji <> Hacı
hakam <> Hakan
hakas <> Hakas
hake <> barla
hakeem <> böyle
hakim <> Hakim
haku <> Haku
halal <> helal
halation <> ağıl
halation <> donuk
halberd <> balta
halberd <> teber
halberdier <> balta
halberdier <> teber
halbert <> Halbe
halcyon <> dingi
halcyon <> durgu
halcyon <> emirc
halcyon <> iskel
halcyon <> sakin
halcyon <> yalıç
hale <> dinç
hale <> sürük
hale <> sağla
hale <> zinde
hales <> Hales
half <> buçuk
half <> devre
half <> hemen
half <> nered
half <> yarı
half <> yarım
halfa <> Halfa
halfback <> liber
halfblood <> melez
halfblood <> sadec
halfblooded <> melez
halfcocked <> Halfc
halfen <> HALFE
halfhearted <> gönül
halfhearted <> gayre
halfhearted <> gevşe
halfhearted <> istek
halfheartedly <> gönül
halfheartedly <> gayre
halfheartedly <> istek
halfing <> Halfi
halflight <> Halfl
halfmoon <> Halfm
halfpenny <> yarım
halftime <> Devre
halftone <> yarım
halftones <> yarım
halfway <> yarım
halfwords <> yarım
halibut <> kalka
halictidae <> Halic
halid <> Halid
halide <> halid
halide <> haloj
halides <> haloj
halidom <> kutsa
halite <> halit
halitosis <> ağız
halitosis <> kötü
hall <> antre
hall <> hol
hall <> kabul
hall <> konak
hall <> korid
hall <> salon
hall <> yemek
hall <> yurt
hallah <> Halla
hallan <> Halla
halleluiah <> şükür
halleluiah <> şükre
halleluiah <> elham
hallelujah <> şükür
hallelujah <> şükre
hallelujah <> elham
hallian <> Haliy
halliard <> kandi
halliard <> yelke
halling <> Halli
hallmark <> özell
hallmark <> ayırı
hallmark <> ayar
hallmark <> kalit
hallmark <> karak
hallmark <> nitel
hallo <> alo
hallo <> merha
halloo <> alo
halloo <> hey
halloo <> kimle
halloumi <> helli
hallow <> kutsa
hallow <> oyuk
hallow <> takdi
hallowed <> kutsa
hallowing <> takdi
hallows <> yadig
halloysite <> hallo
halls <> salon
hallstand <> portm
hallucinate <> gördü
hallucinate <> halis
hallucinating <> halüs
hallucination <> halis
hallucination <> sanı
hallucination <> sanrı
hallucinations <> halüs
hallucinative <> Hallu
hallucinators <> Halüs
hallucinatory <> sanrı
hallucinogen <> halis
hallucinogenic <> halüs
hallucinogens <> mulan
hallucinosis <> halüs
hallux <> Hallu
hallway <> hol
hallway <> korid
hallways <> Korid
halm <> saman
halm <> sap
halma <> Halma
halo <> ülkü
halo <> ışık
halo <> ayla
halo <> hale
haloalkanes <> Haloa
halocarbon <> Halok
halocarbons <> halok
haloed <> ışıkl
haloed <> halel
haloes <> halel
haloform <> Halof
halogen <> haloj
halogen <> maden
halogenated <> haloj
halogenation <> haloj
halogenic <> haloj
halogens <> haloj
halohydrin <> Haloh
haloid <> haloj
halons <> halon
halophiles <> Halof
halophilic <> halof
halophytes <> halof
halophytic <> tuzcu
halos <> halel
halothane <> halot
halotrichite <> Halot
halp <> HALP
hals <> Hals
halt <> aksam
halt <> bocal
halt <> dur
halt <> durak
halt <> durdu
halt <> durma
halt <> küçük
halt <> mola
halt <> sende
halt <> tökez
halt <> tered
halt <> topal
halted <> durdu
halter <> asma
halter <> asmak
halter <> boyun
halter <> ip
halter <> ipe 
halter <> kemen
halter <> yular
halting <> aksak
halting <> aksay
halting <> karar
halting <> tered
halting <> topal
haltingly <> tered
halts <> durdu
halutz <> Halut
halva <> helva
halvah <> helva
halvahs <> helva
halve <> ikiye
halve <> yarıy
halved <> yarıy
halver <> Halve
halves <> yarıs
halving <> yarıy
halyard <> kandi
halyard <> yelke
halyards <> Halya
ham <> abart
ham <> acemi
ham <> amatö
ham <> artis
ham <> göste
ham <> jambo
ham <> kıç
ham <> rol 
hamada <> Hamad
hamamelis <> Hamam
hamartoma <> hamar
hamartomatous <> hamar
hambergite <> Hambe
hamble <> Hambl
hambone <> Hambo
hamburg <> Hambu
hamburger <> hambu
hamburger <> kıyma
hamburger <> sığır
hamburgers <> hambu
hame <> Hame
hamed <> Hamed
hamel <> Hamel
hames <> Hames
hamlet <> küçük
hamlets <> mezra
hammam <> hamam
hammams <> hamam
hammarite <> Hamar
hammer <> çakma
hammer <> çekiç
hammer <> ağır
hammer <> dövme
hammer <> hızlı
hammer <> işlem
hammer <> tüfek
hammer <> tokma
hammered <> çekiç
hammered <> dövme
hammerhead <> çekiç
hammering <> dövme
hammerless <> çekiç
hammerless <> horoz
hammers <> çekiç
hammertoe <> içe
hammertoe <> içe 
hamming <> Hammi
hammock <> asma
hammock <> hamak
hammocks <> hamak
hamper <> aksat
hamper <> engel
hamper <> köste
hamper <> kapak
hamper <> pikni
hamper <> sepet
hamper <> zorlu
hampered <> engel
hampering <> engel
hampers <> engel
hampster <> Hamps
hampsters <> hamps
hamster <> cırla
hamster <> hamst
hamsters <> hamst
hamstring <> aksat
hamstring <> balta
hamstring <> diz 
hamstring <> hamst
hamstring <> sakat
hamstring <> topal
hamstring <> topuk
hamstrung <> devey
hamulus <> kemik
hamzah <> Hamza
hance <> Hance
hand <> akrep
hand <> alkış
hand <> demet
hand <> el
hand <> evlil
hand <> heven
hand <> ibre
hand <> kurt
hand <> parma
hand <> parti
hand <> pay
hand <> salkı
hand <> taraf
hand <> usta
hand <> ustal
hand <> uzatm
hand <> verme
hand <> yardı
hand <> yelko
hand <> yeten
handbag <> çanta
handbag <> el 
handbags <> çanta
handball <> hentb
handbell <> el
handbell <> el 
handbell <> zil
handbill <> el
handbill <> el 
handbill <> prosp
handbills <> el
handbook <> el
handbook <> el 
handbook <> rehbe
handbooks <> el
handbrake <> el
handbreadth <> el
handbreadth <> el 
handcart <> çekçe
handcart <> el 
handcarts <> el
handcarved <> Oyma
handclap <> Handc
handcraft <> el
handcraft <> el 
handcrafted <> el
handcrafts <> el
handcraftsmanship <> el
handcuff <> kelep
handcuffed <> evli
handcuffed <> kelep
handcuffing <> kelep
handcuffs <> kelep
handed <> eli
handedly <> başın
handedness <> ellil
hander <> kroşe
handers <> elini
handful <> avuç
handful <> başa
handful <> ele 
handfuls <> avuç
handgrip <> el 
handgrip <> eli 
handgrip <> kabza
handgrip <> kulp
handgrip <> sap
handgrip <> tutac
handgrips <> yumru
handgun <> taban
handguns <> Taban
handheld <> el
handhold <> kulp
handhold <> sap
handhold <> tutac
handholds <> tutma
handicap <> özür
handicap <> elver
handicap <> engel
handicap <> handi
handicap <> ket 
handicap <> mahzu
handicap <> yeter
handicapped <> özürl
handicapped <> sakat
handicapped <> yeter
handicappers <> handi
handicapping <> şike
handicaps <> handi
handicraft <> el
handicraft <> el 
handicrafts <> el
handicraftsman <> esnaf
handiness <> becer
handiness <> el 
handiness <> fayda
handiness <> ustal
handiness <> uygun
handing <> tesli
handiwork <> el
handiwork <> el 
handiwork <> eser
handiwork <> iş
handiwork <> işlem
handiwork <> yapıt
handkerchief <> mendi
handkerchiefs <> mendi
handkerchieves <> mendi
handle <> çıkar
handle <> üstes
handle <> başa
handle <> dokun
handle <> eğitm
handle <> ele 
handle <> eline
handle <> ellem
handle <> geçin
handle <> işlem
handle <> idare
handle <> imkân
handle <> kıvır
handle <> kabza
handle <> kol
handle <> kulla
handle <> kulp
handle <> meşgu
handle <> olana
handle <> sap
handle <> tutac
handle <> vesil
handle <> yol
handle <> yumuş
handlebar <> gidon
handlebars <> gidon
handled <> ele
handler <> antre
handler <> eğiti
handler <> işley
handler <> menej
handler <> terbi
handlers <> işley
handles <> kolla
handless <> kulpl
handling <> ambal
handling <> bakım
handling <> dağıt
handling <> dokun
handling <> idare
handling <> kulla
handling <> tedav
handloom <> dokum
handmade <> el
handmade <> el 
handmaid <> besle
handmaid <> en 
handmaid <> evlat
handmaid <> hizme
handmaid <> yanaş
handmaidens <> Hizme
handoff <> Aktar
handout <> sadak
handouts <> bildi
handover <> devir
handovers <> devre
handpick <> seçme
handpicked <> Handp
handpiece <> Handp
handpieces <> El
handrail <> merdi
handrail <> tırab
handrail <> trabz
handrails <> korku
handreader <> El
hands <> eller
handsaw <> el
handsaw <> el 
handsaw <> teste
handsel <> şans
handsel <> ilk 
handsel <> pey 
handsel <> sifta
handsel <> uğur
handset <> ahize
handset <> telef
handsets <> yakış
handshake <> el
handshake <> el 
handshake <> toka
handshake <> tokal
handshakes <> Anlaş
handshaking <> el
handsome <> büyük
handsome <> becer
handsome <> bol
handsome <> cömer
handsome <> eli 
handsome <> etkil
handsome <> güzel
handsome <> hoş
handsome <> kayda
handsome <> tecrü
handsome <> yakış
handsome <> yeten
handsomeness <> bollu
handsomeness <> cömer
handsomeness <> güzel
handsomeness <> yakış
handspike <> kaldı
handspike <> maniv
handspring <> peren
handstand <> amuda
handwashing <> el
handwheel <> çark
handwheel <> el 
handwheels <> Çarkl
handwork <> el
handwork <> el 
handwrist <> el
handwrite <> El
handwriting <> el
handwriting <> el 
handwriting <> yazı
handwritings <> el
handwritten <> el
handy <> el 
handy <> hazır
handy <> işe 
handy <> kulla
handy <> prati
handy <> yakın
handy <> yarar
handyman <> el
handyman <> el 
handyman <> elind
hang <> anlam
hang <> asılı
hang <> asılm
hang <> asmak
hang <> bağlı
hang <> bağla
hang <> batma
hang <> dayan
hang <> duruş
hang <> eğilm
hang <> ipe 
hang <> kapla
hang <> kulla
hang <> manâ
hang <> sarkı
hang <> sarkm
hang <> takma
hangar <> hanga
hangars <> hanga
hangdog <> alçak
hangdog <> kılık
hangdog <> periş
hangdog <> sefil
hangdog <> sinsi
hanged <> asıld
hanger <> çenge
hanger <> askı
hanger <> avcı
hanger <> duvar
hanger <> kemer
hangers <> askıl
hanging <> asılı
hanging <> asılm
hanging <> askıd
hanging <> asma
hanging <> duvar
hanging <> ipe 
hanging <> sarkı
hanging <> sarka
hanging <> sarkm
hangings <> asma
hangman <> cella
hangnail <> şeyta
hangout <> ev
hangout <> ikinc
hangout <> mekân
hangout <> sık 
hangover <> akşam
hangover <> eski
hangover <> içki
hangover <> kalın
hangovers <> akşam
hangs <> kilit
hangup <> duygu
hangup <> mesel
hangup <> sorun
hangup <> takın
haning <> neden
hank <> çile
hank <> bukle
hank <> istra
hank <> kanga
hanker <> özlem
hanker <> arzul
hanker <> can 
hanker <> istem
hankering <> özlem
hankering <> arzu
hankering <> canı
hankering <> hasre
hankie <> mendi
hanks <> çile
hanksite <> Hanks
hanky <> mendi
hansa <> Hansa
hanse <> tücca
hanse <> ticar
hansel <> şans
hansel <> ilk 
hansel <> pey 
hansel <> sifta
hansel <> uğur
hansom <> iki
hansom <> iki 
hant <> Hant
hanting <> Hanti
hants <> Hants
hanuman <> Hanum
haole <> Haole
hap <> şans
hap <> baht
hap <> meyda
hap <> olmak
hap <> rastg
hap <> rastl
hap <> tesad
haphazard <> şans
haphazard <> geliş
haphazard <> rasge
haphazardly <> rasge
hapless <> şanss
hapless <> bahts
hapless <> tâlih
haplessness <> talih
haplo <> Haplo
haploid <> tek 
haploid <> yarı
haploidy <> haplo
haplotype <> haplo
haply <> tesad
happen <> başın
happen <> cerey
happen <> meyda
happen <> olmak
happen <> olur
happen <> rastl
happen <> tesad
happened <> oldu
happened <> olmuş
happening <> doğaç
happening <> hadis
happening <> olay
happening <> olma
happenings <> olayl
happens <> olur
happenstance <> bekle
happenstance <> rastl
happenstance <> tesad
happier <> mutlu
happiest <> mutlu
happily <> berek
happily <> iyi 
happily <> mutlu
happiness <> mutlu
happiness <> saade
happiness <> uygun
happy <> çakır
happy <> iyi
happy <> kutlu
happy <> memnu
happy <> mesut
happy <> mutlu
happy <> sevin
haptens <> hapte
haptic <> dokun
haptics <> hapti
haque <> Haque
harangue <> konuş
harangue <> nutuk
harangue <> söyle
haranguer <> haran
harass <> çok 
harass <> bezdi
harass <> canın
harass <> rahat
harass <> sıkma
harass <> taciz
harassed <> taciz
harassers <> Rahat
harasses <> taciz
harassing <> taciz
harassment <> rahat
harassment <> sıkma
harassment <> sinir
harassment <> taciz
harassment <> usand
harassments <> taciz
harbinger <> haber
harbinger <> işare
harbinger <> müjde
harbinger <> muştu
harbingers <> müjde
harbor <> barın
harbor <> besle
harbor <> demir
harbor <> gütme
harbor <> liman
harbor <> sığın
harbored <> barın
harboring <> barın
harbormaster <> Liman
harbors <> liman
harborside <> Liman
harbour <> barın
harbour <> besle
harbour <> demir
harbour <> gütme
harbour <> liman
harbour <> sığın
harboured <> barın
harbouring <> barın
harbours <> liman
hard <> çetin
hard <> şidde
hard <> ağır
hard <> aşırı
hard <> dayan
hard <> ekşi
hard <> ekşim
hard <> güç
hard <> katı
hard <> nasır
hard <> sıkı
hard <> sağla
hard <> sert
hard <> yakın
hard <> yanın
hard <> zor
hard <> zorla
hardback <> ciltl
hardball <> Hardb
hardboard <> sunta
hardboards <> Sert
hardboiled <> çares
hardbound <> ciltl
hardcase <> Hardc
hardcoded <> kodla
hardcopies <> kopya
hardcopy <> Basıl
hardcover <> cilt
hardcover <> ciltl
harden <> acıma
harden <> alışt
harden <> artma
harden <> denge
harden <> duygu
harden <> kapıl
harden <> katıl
harden <> pekiş
harden <> sağla
harden <> sertl
harden <> yükse
hardenable <> sertl
hardened <> kaşar
hardened <> katıl
hardened <> sertl
hardener <> sertl
hardeners <> sertl
hardening <> donma
hardening <> katıl
hardening <> sert
hardening <> sertl
hardens <> sertl
harder <> zor
harderian <> Harde
hardest <> zor
hardface <> Aşınm
hardihood <> arsız
hardihood <> atılg
hardihood <> cüret
hardihood <> cesar
hardihood <> dayan
hardihood <> küsta
hardihood <> taham
hardiness <> arsız
hardiness <> atılg
hardiness <> cüret
hardiness <> cesar
hardiness <> dayan
hardiness <> küsta
hardiness <> taham
harding <> Hardi
hardline <> radik
hardliners <> radik
hardly <> acıma
hardly <> ancak
hardly <> güç 
hardly <> hemen
hardly <> nered
hardly <> sertç
hardly <> zorla
hardly <> zorlu
hardness <> aksil
hardness <> dayan
hardness <> inatç
hardness <> katı
hardness <> katıl
hardness <> sağla
hardness <> sertl
hardness <> zorlu
hardnesses <> sertl
hardshell <> Hards
hardship <> cefa
hardship <> güçlü
hardship <> sıkın
hardship <> yoklu
hardship <> yoksu
hardship <> zorlu
hardships <> zorlu
hardstanding <> Karad
hardtack <> galet
hardtacks <> galet
hardtail <> Hardt
hardtop <> araba
hardtop <> kapal
hardware <> donan
hardware <> hırda
hardware <> nalbu
hardware <> teçhi
hardwares <> donan
hardwire <> Hardw
hardwired <> kablo
hardwiring <> Kablo
hardwood <> ağaç
hardwood <> ahşap
hardwood <> parke
hardwood <> sert
hardwoods <> sert
hardworking <> çalış
hardworking <> çok 
hardworking <> ateş
hardworking <> gayre
hardworking <> hamar
hardy <> arsız
hardy <> atılg
hardy <> cüret
hardy <> cesur
hardy <> dayan
hardy <> gözüp
hardy <> güçlü
hardy <> yürek
hardy <> yüzsü
hare <> tavşa
hare <> yaban
harebell <> çançi
harebell <> yaban
harebrained <> aptal
harebrained <> kafas
harebrained <> kuş 
hared <> Hared
hareem <> Harem
harefoot <> balza
harefoot <> tüylü
harefoot <> tavşa
harelip <> tavşa
harelip <> yarık
harem <> harem
harems <> harem
hares <> tavşa
harewood <> Harew
haricot <> fasul
haricot <> sebze
haring <> Harin
harish <> Haris
hark <> dinle
hark <> kulak
harken <> dinle
harken <> kulak
harl <> Harl
harlequin <> çok 
harlequin <> alaca
harlequin <> palya
harlequin <> rengâ
harlequin <> soyta
harlequinade <> palya
harlequinade <> pando
harlequinade <> soyta
harling <> Harli
harlock <> Harlo
harlot <> fahiş
harlot <> orosp
harlotry <> fahiş
harlotry <> fuhuş
harlotry <> orosp
harlots <> fahiş
harm <> felâk
harm <> hasar
harm <> incit
harm <> kötül
harm <> zarar
harmaline <> harma
harmattan <> Harma
harmed <> zarar
harmel <> Harme
harmer <> Harme
harmful <> kötü
harmful <> muzır
harmful <> zarar
harmfulness <> zarar
harmine <> harmi
harming <> zarar
harmless <> masum
harmless <> saf
harmless <> suçsu
harmless <> temiz
harmless <> zarar
harmlessly <> zarar
harmlessness <> zarar
harmonial <> Harmo
harmonic <> ahenk
harmonic <> akım
harmonic <> armon
harmonic <> harmo
harmonic <> uyuml
harmonica <> armon
harmonica <> mızık
harmonical <> armon
harmonically <> harmo
harmonicas <> Harmo
harmonics <> harmo
harmonious <> ahenk
harmonious <> düzen
harmonious <> uyuml
harmoniously <> uyum
harmoniousness <> ahenk
harmoniousness <> uyuml
harmonisation <> uyum
harmonisation <> uyuml
harmonise <> ahenk
harmonise <> akord
harmonise <> uymak
harmonise <> uyum
harmonised <> uyuml
harmonises <> uyuml
harmonising <> uyuml
harmonists <> Harmo
harmonium <> harmo
harmonium <> küçük
harmoniums <> armon
harmonization <> uyum
harmonization <> uyuml
harmonize <> ahenk
harmonize <> akord
harmonize <> uymak
harmonize <> uyum
harmonized <> uyuml
harmonizes <> uyumu
harmonizing <> uyuml
harmony <> ahenk
harmony <> armon
harmony <> düzen
harmony <> harmo
harmony <> uyum
harmotome <> Harmo
harms <> zarar
harn <> Harn
harness <> ünifo
harness <> emniy
harness <> kayış
harness <> koşma
harness <> koşum
harness <> kulla
harness <> zırh
harnesses <> koşum
haro <> Haro
harp <> ısrar
harp <> arp
harp <> durma
harp <> harp
harper <> harpç
harpers <> Harpe
harpin <> Harpi
harpist <> harpç
harpoon <> zıpkı
harpooning <> zıpkı
harpoons <> zıpkı
harps <> arp
harpsichord <> eski
harpsichord <> harps
harpy <> acıma
harpy <> vampi
harpy <> yarı
harquebus <> eski
harre <> Harre
harridan <> cadal
harridan <> kocak
harrier <> bir 
harrier <> krosç
harrier <> tazı
harrier <> yağma
harriers <> Harri
harries <> Harri
harrow <> üzmek
harrow <> Harro
harrow <> acı 
harrow <> sürgü
harrow <> tırmı
harrow <> yüreğ
harrowing <> üzücü
harrowing <> yürek
harrows <> tırmı
harrumph <> öksür
harrumph <> ateş
harrumph <> burnu
harrumph <> kuvve
harrumph <> sinir
harry <> Harry
harry <> bozma
harry <> eziye
harry <> sinir
harry <> yağma
harry <> yakıp
harsh <> şidde
harsh <> ağır
harsh <> acı
harsh <> acıma
harsh <> göz 
harsh <> haşin
harsh <> kırıc
harsh <> kaba
harsh <> kulak
harsh <> sert
harsher <> sert
harshest <> zor
harshly <> sert
harshness <> şidde
harshness <> acıma
harshness <> haşin
harshness <> kabal
harshness <> sertl
hart <> erkek
hartal <> Harta
hartebeest <> inek
harten <> Harte
hartford <> Hartf
hartle <> Hartl
hartshorn <> amony
hartshorn <> nişad
harvest <> ürün
harvest <> biçme
harvest <> harma
harvest <> hasat
harvest <> idare
harvest <> sakla
harvest <> semer
harvest <> sonuç
harvest <> topla
harvestable <> hasat
harvested <> hasat
harvester <> biçer
harvester <> harma
harvester <> hasat
harvester <> orakç
harvester <> orak
harvesters <> biçer
harvesting <> ekin
harvesting <> hasat
harvestman <> Harve
harvests <> hasad
harzburgite <> harzb
harzburgites <> harzb
has <> var
hash <> doğra
hash <> esrar
hash <> et 
hash <> haşha
hash <> hash
hash <> kıyma
hash <> karış
hash <> temci
hash <> yüzün
hash <> yenid
hashed <> karma
hasheesh <> esrar
hasheesh <> haşha
hasher <> Hashe
hashes <> sağla
hashing <> karma
hashish <> esrar
hashish <> haşha
hashish <> ot
haslet <> Hasle
hasp <> çenge
hasp <> çile
hasp <> asma
hasp <> kilit
hasp <> kopça
hasp <> makar
hasp <> toka
hasp <> tuttu
hassel <> derdi
hassle <> canın
hassle <> güçlü
hassle <> kavga
hassle <> mücâd
hassle <> münak
hassle <> rahat
hassle <> tartı
hassle <> uğraş
hassle <> zorlu
hassles <> sorun
hassock <> diz
hassock <> diz 
hassock <> sık 
hassocks <> Hasso
hasta <> Hasta
hastate <> üçgen
haste <> çabuk
haste <> acele
haste <> hız
haste <> telaş
hasted <> baskı
hasten <> acele
hasten <> hızla
hasten <> iki 
hasten <> telaş
hastened <> hızla
hastener <> Haste
hastening <> hızla
hastens <> acele
hastily <> acele
hastily <> acile
hastily <> alela
hastiness <> aşırı
hastiness <> acele
hastiness <> gayre
hastiness <> telaş
hasting <> Hasti
hastings <> hastü
hastingsite <> hasti
hasty <> çabuk
hasty <> acele
hasty <> düşün
hasty <> hızlı
hasty <> ivedi
hasty <> telaş
hasty <> tez
hat <> şapka
hatband <> şapka
hatch <> çıkma
hatch <> ambar
hatch <> bölme
hatch <> büyüm
hatch <> civci
hatch <> gizli
hatch <> iş 
hatch <> ince
hatch <> kapak
hatch <> kuluç
hatch <> olmak
hatch <> servi
hatch <> taram
hatch <> yumur
hatchability <> kuluç
hatchback <> arkas
hatchback <> hatch
hatchback <> yukar
hatched <> yumur
hatchel <> üzmek
hatchel <> kendi
hatchel <> keten
hatchel <> rahat
hatchel <> sıkma
hatcher <> anaç
hatcher <> düzen
hatcher <> kuluç
hatcher <> kurma
hatcher <> tasar
hatcheries <> kuluç
hatchers <> Hatch
hatchery <> üretm
hatchery <> balık
hatches <> kapak
hatchet <> balta
hatchet <> küçük
hatchet <> nacak
hatchet <> savaş
hatchets <> satır
hatching <> civci
hatching <> kuluç
hatching <> kurma
hatching <> taram
hatching <> tasar
hatching <> yumur
hatchings <> taram
hatchling <> yavru
hatchlings <> yavru
hatchway <> bölme
hatchway <> kapı
hatchway <> kapak
hate <> iğren
hate <> istem
hate <> kin
hate <> kin 
hate <> nefre
hate <> sevme
hateable <> iğren
hateable <> nefre
hated <> iğren
hated <> nefre
hated <> sevil
hateful <> iğren
hateful <> nefre
hatemonger <> fesat
hatemonger <> nifak
hater <> kinci
hates <> nefre
hateth <> nefre
hath <> indir
hating <> nefre
hatless <> şapka
hatpin <> şapka
hatrack <> şapka
hatred <> düşma
hatred <> kin
hatred <> nefre
hatreds <> nefre
hats <> şapka
hatted <> şapka
hatter <> şapka
hatters <> şapka
hauberk <> zırh
hauerite <> Hoeri
haugh <> dered
haughtily <> mağru
haughtiness <> gurur
haughtiness <> kibir
haughtiness <> kurum
haughty <> kendi
haughty <> kibir
haughty <> kurum
haughty <> mağru
haughty <> teped
haul <> çekic
haul <> çekil
haul <> çekme
haul <> ağ 
haul <> haksı
haul <> taşım
haul <> vurgu
haul <> yön 
haul <> yük
haulage <> çıkar
haulage <> çekme
haulage <> nakli
haulage <> taşım
hauled <> çekti
haulers <> kaya
haulier <> çekic
haulier <> nakli
haulier <> taşıy
hauliers <> taşım
hauling <> çekme
haulm <> saman
haulm <> sap
hauls <> Çeker
haunch <> but
haunch <> kalça
haunch <> sağrı
haunches <> kıç
haunt <> aklın
haunt <> buluş
haunt <> dadan
haunt <> görün
haunt <> in
haunt <> sık 
haunt <> takıl
haunt <> uğrak
haunt <> yakas
haunt <> yatak
haunt <> yuva
haunt <> ziyar
haunted <> cinli
haunted <> hayal
haunted <> kötü
haunted <> kem
haunted <> nazar
haunted <> peril
haunted <> tekin
haunting <> can 
haunting <> kafay
haunting <> rahat
haunting <> unutu
hausen <> Hause
hausmannite <> Hosma
hautboy <> obua
hauteur <> azame
hauteur <> gurur
hauteur <> kibir
hauyne <> Haüyn
havanese <> Havan
have <> üçkâğ
have <> aldat
have <> almak
have <> bulun
have <> dolan
have <> elde
have <> etmek
have <> göz 
have <> hile
have <> kabul
have <> kumpa
have <> olmak
have <> sahip
have <> var
have <> varlı
have <> yapma
have <> zorun
havelock <> şapka
haven <> barın
haven <> liman
haven <> sığın
havens <> cenne
haver <> boş
haver <> boş 
havering <> karar
haversack <> asker
haversack <> sırt
haves <> gerek
having <> -li
having <> sahip
havings <> mal 
havings <> serve
havings <> varlı
havoc <> hasar
havoc <> karış
havoc <> tahri
havoc <> yıkım
havoc <> zarar
haw <> öhöm
haw <> üçünc
haw <> akdik
haw <> alıç
haw <> hım
haw <> hımla
haw <> kem
haw <> kem 
hawfinch <> flurc
hawfinch <> kocab
hawk <> çıkar
hawk <> öksür
hawk <> şahin
hawk <> açgöz
hawk <> atmac
hawk <> avlam
hawk <> avlan
hawk <> boğaz
hawk <> doğan
hawk <> harç
hawk <> işpor
hawk <> sıvac
hawk <> sertl
hawk <> seyya
hawk <> yayma
hawker <> şahin
hawker <> doğan
hawker <> işpor
hawker <> seyya
hawkey <> Hawke
hawkings <> Hawki
hawkish <> şahin
hawks <> şahin
hawksbill <> Şahin
hawkshaw <> Hawks
hawse <> loça
hawser <> halat
hawser <> palam
hawsers <> halat
hawthorn <> akdik
hawthorn <> alıç
hawthorns <> Hawth
hay <> azıcı
hay <> esrar
hay <> kuru
hay <> ot
hay <> saman
haycock <> Hayco
hayer <> Hayer
hayfever <> Saman
hayfield <> çayır
hayfield <> otlak
hayfork <> dirge
hayfork <> yaba
haying <> harma
hayle <> Hayle
hayles <> Hayle
hayloft <> saman
haymaker <> nakav
haymaker <> patoz
haymaker <> saman
haymaker <> tınaz
haymaker <> tırpa
haymaking <> kuru
haymarket <> Hayma
hayrick <> kuru
hayrick <> sap 
hayseed <> ahmak
hayseed <> hödük
hayseed <> köylü
hayseed <> ot 
haystack <> kuru
haystack <> sap 
haywire <> üşütü
haywire <> balya
haywire <> bozuk
haywire <> düzen
haywire <> karma
haywire <> sapıt
hazard <> şans
hazard <> kumar
hazard <> risk
hazard <> riske
hazard <> söyle
hazard <> tehli
hazard <> topu
hazardous <> şüphe
hazardous <> şansa
hazardous <> riskl
hazardous <> tehli
hazardously <> tehli
hazards <> değiş
hazards <> hava
hazards <> tehli
haze <> şüphe
haze <> belir
haze <> bulan
haze <> canın
haze <> hafif
haze <> pus
haze <> sis
haze <> taciz
haze <> uğraş
hazel <> açık
hazel <> elâ
hazel <> fındı
hazelnut <> fındı
hazelnuts <> fındı
hazer <> Hazer
hazes <> Hazes
haziness <> belir
haziness <> bulan
haziness <> karar
haziness <> puslu
haziness <> sis
hazing <> lamam
hazy <> çakır
hazy <> belir
hazy <> bulan
hazy <> duman
hazy <> kafas
hazy <> karar
hazy <> puslu
hazy <> sisli
he <> erkek
he <> kendi
he <> o
head <> şef
head <> adam
head <> akıl
head <> ana
head <> başı
head <> başın
head <> baş
head <> baş 
head <> başka
head <> başta
head <> gitme
head <> köpük
head <> kafa
head <> kayma
head <> kelle
head <> kişi
head <> konu
head <> kulla
head <> lider
head <> müdür
head <> olgun
head <> pınar
head <> reis
head <> tepe
head <> tura
head <> uç 
head <> yönel
head <> yönet
head <> yönle
head <> zirve
headache <> baş
headache <> baş 
headache <> başağ
headache <> dert
headaches <> baş
headachy <> başı
headachy <> baş 
headachy <> dert
headachy <> sorun
headband <> kafa
headband <> saç 
headbanger <> Headb
headbangers <> Headb
headbanging <> li
headboard <> yatak
headboards <> başlı
headbutt <> Headb
headcheese <> domuz
headcount <> sayım
headcover <> eşarp
headdress <> Headd
headdresses <> başlı
headed <> antet
headed <> başlı
headed <> sorum
headedness <> serse
header <> bağ
header <> bağla
header <> başlı
header <> balık
header <> kafa
headers <> başlı
headfirst <> acele
headfirst <> başı
headfirst <> burnu
headfirst <> düşün
headforemost <> başı
headforemost <> burnu
headforemost <> düşün
headgear <> şapka
headgear <> başör
headgear <> başlı
headgear <> dizgi
headgear <> maden
headgear <> yular
headgears <> başlı
headhunter <> kelle
headhunter <> perso
headhunters <> Headh
headhunting <> Headh
headiness <> acele
headiness <> baş 
headiness <> düşün
headiness <> dik 
headiness <> sabır
headiness <> sertl
headiness <> zorba
heading <> ana 
heading <> baş
heading <> baş 
heading <> başlı
heading <> kafa
heading <> konu
heading <> manşe
heading <> rota
heading <> yeral
headings <> başlı
headkerchief <> başör
headlamp <> ön 
headlamp <> far
headlamp <> pupa
headlamps <> farla
headland <> burun
headland <> sürül
headlands <> burnu
headless <> başka
headless <> başsı
headless <> kafas
headless <> komut
headlight <> ön 
headlight <> far
headlight <> proje
headlight <> pupa
headlights <> farla
headline <> afişt
headline <> başlı
headline <> manşe
headlined <> headl
headliner <> öneml
headliner <> assol
headliner <> başro
headliner <> star
headliners <> headl
headlines <> ana 
headlines <> başlı
headlines <> haber
headlining <> headl
headlock <> boyun
headlong <> acele
headlong <> apar
headlong <> başı
headlong <> burnu
headlong <> düşün
headlong <> paldı
headlong <> patav
headman <> şef
headman <> kuman
headman <> lider
headman <> ustab
headman <> yönet
headmaster <> başöğ
headmaster <> okul
headmasters <> müdür
headmen <> muhta
headmistress <> başöğ
headmistress <> okul
headphone <> kulak
headphones <> kulak
headpiece <> üst 
headpiece <> akıl
headpiece <> başlı
headpiece <> kafa
headpiece <> karyo
headpiece <> miğfe
headpiece <> süslü
headplate <> Headp
headquarter <> merke
headquartered <> merke
headquarters <> garni
headquarters <> genel
headquarters <> karak
headquarters <> karar
headquarters <> kuman
headquarters <> merke
headrest <> araba
headrest <> kafal
headrests <> koltu
headroom <> araba
headroom <> kafa
headrooms <> tavan
heads <> kafal
headscarf <> Başör
headscarves <> başör
headset <> kulak
headsets <> kulak
headship <> başka
headship <> müdür
headships <> Başka
headshots <> Heads
headshrinker <> psiki
headsman <> şef
headsman <> kuman
headsman <> lider
headsman <> ustab
headsman <> yönet
headspring <> heads
headspring <> kayna
headstall <> dizgi
headstall <> yular
headstand <> amuda
headstand <> başaş
headstock <> baş
headstone <> köşe
headstone <> mezar
headstone <> temel
headstones <> temel
headstrong <> burnu
headstrong <> dediğ
headstrong <> dik 
headstrong <> inatç
headwaiter <> şef
headwaiter <> şef 
headwater <> Su
headwaters <> ırmağ
headwaters <> ırmak
headway <> ana 
headway <> geliş
headway <> ilerl
headway <> kemer
headway <> sefer
headway <> tavan
headway <> yol 
headway <> yolcu
headwear <> Şapka
headwind <> karşı
headwind <> pruva
headword <> madde
headwork <> kafa
headworker <> fikir
headworker <> kafa
headworker <> kalfa
headworker <> ustab
headworkers <> kalfa
heady <> çarpa
heady <> açıkg
heady <> atak
heady <> düşün
heady <> dik 
heady <> inatç
heady <> kafa
heady <> kurna
heady <> kuvve
heady <> sert
heady <> uyanı
heal <> düzel
heal <> iyile
heal <> tatlı
heald <> Gücü
healds <> gücül
healed <> iyile
healer <> çözüm
healer <> çare
healer <> üfürü
healer <> dokto
healer <> iyile
healer <> tedav
healers <> şifac
healing <> şifa
healing <> şifal
healing <> iyi 
healing <> iyile
healings <> şifal
heals <> şifa
health <> afiye
health <> sıhha
health <> sağlı
healthcare <> sağlı
healthfood <> Healt
healthful <> sağlı
healthful <> yarar
healthfully <> sağlı
healthguard <> Healt
healthier <> sağlı
healthiest <> sağlı
healthily <> sağlı
healthiness <> sağlı
healths <> sağlı
healthy <> öneml
healthy <> büyük
healthy <> demir
healthy <> kuvve
healthy <> sağlı
healthy <> sağla
healthy <> yarar
heap <> öbek
heap <> ağzın
heap <> bir 
heap <> dökün
heap <> hurda
heap <> küme
heap <> tepel
heap <> yükle
heap <> yığın
heaped <> yığıl
heaping <> tepel
heaps <> yığın
hear <> öğren
hear <> dinle
hear <> duyma
hear <> haber
hear <> işitm
hear <> ifade
hear <> kulak
hear <> mektu
hear <> onayl
heard <> duydu
heared <> duydu
hearer <> dinle
hearer <> duyan
heareth <> işite
hearing <> açıkl
hearing <> celse
hearing <> dinle
hearing <> duruş
hearing <> duyma
hearing <> görüş
hearing <> işitm
hearing <> oturu
hearing <> söz 
hearing <> savun
hearing <> ses 
hearing <> sorgu
hearing <> soruş
hearings <> duruş
hearken <> dinle
hearken <> kulak
hears <> duyar
hearsay <> dedik
hearsay <> kulak
hearsay <> söyle
hearsays <> rivay
hearse <> cenaz
hearses <> cenaz
heart <> can
heart <> cesar
heart <> göbek
heart <> gönül
heart <> kâlp
heart <> kalp
heart <> kupa
heart <> orta
heart <> vicda
heart <> yürek
heartache <> dert
heartache <> gönül
heartache <> kâlp
heartaches <> Dertl
heartbeat <> öz
heartbeat <> esas
heartbeat <> kâlp
heartbeat <> kalp
heartbeat <> ruh
heartbeats <> kalp
heartbreak <> acı
heartbreak <> gönül
heartbreak <> kâlp
heartbreak <> keder
heartbreakers <> Heart
heartbreaking <> üzücü
heartbreaking <> yürek
heartbreaks <> kalp
heartbroke <> Heart
heartbroken <> acılı
heartbroken <> dertl
heartbroken <> kâlbi
heartburn <> mide
heartburns <> Heart
heartcore <> Heart
hearted <> kalpl
heartedly <> çaba
hearten <> canla
hearten <> cesar
hearten <> moral
hearten <> neşel
hearten <> sevin
hearten <> yürek
heartened <> yürek
heartening <> cesar
heartening <> neşel
heartening <> yürek
heartfelt <> canda
heartfelt <> içten
heartfelt <> samim
heartfelt <> yürek
hearth <> şömin
hearth <> fırın
hearth <> ocak
hearth <> yuva
hearths <> ocakl
hearthstone <> şömin
hearthstone <> ocak
hearthstone <> yuva
heartiest <> içten
heartily <> çok
heartily <> aşırı
heartily <> cesar
heartily <> gayre
heartily <> içten
heartily <> iştah
heartily <> iyi 
heartiness <> içten
heartiness <> iyi 
heartiness <> sağlı
heartiness <> samim
heartiness <> zinde
heartland <> can
heartland <> can 
heartland <> en 
heartland <> kâlbi
heartlands <> Heart
heartless <> cansı
heartless <> heves
heartless <> insaf
heartless <> kalps
heartless <> uyuz
heartlessness <> kalps
heartlessness <> merha
heartrending <> yürek
hearts <> kalpl
heartshaped <> kâlp
heartsick <> üzgün
heartsick <> acılı
heartsick <> keder
heartsick <> yüreğ
heartsore <> üzgün
heartsore <> acılı
heartsore <> keder
heartsore <> yüreğ
heartstrings <> en
heartstrings <> en 
heartstrings <> kâlbi
heartthrob <> çekic
heartthrob <> kâlbi
heartthrob <> kâlp
heartwood <> Öz
hearty <> çok
hearty <> bol
hearty <> canda
hearty <> canlı
hearty <> canla
hearty <> dinç
hearty <> güçlü
hearty <> içten
hearty <> kuvve
hearty <> sağla
hearty <> yürek
hearty <> zinde
heat <> öfke
heat <> ısı
heat <> ısınm
heat <> ısıtm
heat <> acılı
heat <> ateş
heat <> baskı
heat <> harar
heat <> harek
heat <> kızış
heat <> kızdı
heat <> kızgı
heat <> kızma
heat <> sıcak
heat <> vücut
heatable <> ısına
heatable <> ısıtı
heated <> öfkel
heated <> harar
heated <> heyec
heated <> tepes
heatedly <> öfke
heatedly <> harar
heatedly <> heyec
heater <> ısıtı
heater <> şofbe
heater <> kalor
heater <> taban
heaters <> ısıtı
heath <> çalıl
heath <> funda
heath <> süpür
heathen <> barba
heathen <> dinsi
heathen <> kâfir
heathen <> putpe
heathen <> vahşi
heathen <> vicda
heathendom <> putpe
heathenish <> barba
heathenish <> dinsi
heathenish <> inanç
heathenish <> putpe
heathenish <> vahşi
heathenism <> barba
heathenism <> dinsi
heathenism <> putpe
heathenism <> vahşi
heathens <> putpe
heather <> funda
heather <> süpür
heathers <> Heath
heathland <> funda
heathlands <> Heath
heating <> ısınm
heating <> ısıta
heating <> ısıtm
heating <> kızış
heatings <> ısıtm
heatproof <> ısıya
heats <> ısıtı
heatseekers <> Heats
heatsink <> Soğut
heatsinks <> soğut
heatstroke <> güneş
heatstroke <> sıcak
heatwave <> Heatw
heatwaves <> yazıl
heave <> çekme
heave <> öğürm
heave <> şişir
heave <> atma
heave <> atmak
heave <> fay 
heave <> inip
heave <> kabar
heave <> kaldı
heave <> kusma
heave <> nefes
heaved <> çekti
heaven <> Allah
heaven <> Tanrı
heaven <> cenne
heaven <> gök
heaven <> gökyü
heaven <> mutlu
heaven <> sema
heavenly <> cenne
heavenly <> eşsiz
heavenly <> gökse
heavenly <> ilahi
heavenly <> insan
heavenly <> kutsa
heavenly <> tanrı
heavens <> Gökle
heavensent <> Heave
heavenward <> cenne
heavenwards <> cenne
heaver <> kaldı
heaver <> maniv
heavier <> ağır
heavies <> kışlı
heavies <> yün
heavies <> yün 
heaviest <> ağır
heavily <> çok
heavily <> şidde
heavily <> ağır
heavily <> aşırı
heaviness <> çoklu
heaviness <> şidde
heaviness <> ağırl
heaviness <> bunal
heaviness <> kapam
heaviness <> karab
heaviness <> kasve
heaviness <> sikle
heaving <> atma
heaving <> kabar
heaving <> kaldı
heavy <> çok
heavy <> öneml
heavy <> üzücü
heavy <> şidde
heavy <> ağır
heavy <> ağdal
heavy <> aşırı
heavy <> başro
heavy <> baskı
heavy <> baygı
heavy <> bozuk
heavy <> fırtı
heavy <> fedai
heavy <> hamil
heavy <> kötü
heavy <> kaba
heavy <> sert
heavy <> zalim
heavyweight <> öneml
heavyweight <> ağır
heavyweight <> arkas
heavyweight <> nüfuz
heavyweights <> ağır
hebdomadal <> hafta
hebe <> gençl
heben <> Heben
hebetate <> aptal
hebetate <> zekâs
hebetude <> aptal
hebraize <> İbran
hebraize <> ibran
hecatomb <> katli
hecatomb <> toplu
hecatomb <> yüz 
hecht <> Hecht
heck <> şidde
heck <> Allah
heck <> aşırı
heck <> cehen
heck <> kahro
heckle <> ditme
heckle <> keten
heckle <> sıkış
heckle <> soru
heckler <> keten
heckler <> sorul
heckles <> Heckl
heckling <> sorul
hectare <> hekta
hectares <> hekta
hectic <> ateşl
hectic <> heyec
hectic <> telaş
hectic <> yoğun
hectogram <> hekto
hectogram <> yüz 
hectograph <> hekto
hectograph <> teksi
hectoliter <> hekto
hectoliter <> yüz 
hectoliters <> hekto
hectolitre <> hekto
hectolitre <> yüz 
hectolitres <> hekto
hectometre <> hekto
hector <> gözün
hector <> kabad
hector <> sindi
hector <> yükse
hectorship <> kabad
hedenbergite <> Heden
heder <> Heder
hedge <> çit
hedge <> çit 
hedge <> önlem
hedge <> aşağı
hedge <> dolay
hedge <> engel
hedge <> etraf
hedge <> garan
hedge <> kötü
hedge <> kısıt
hedge <> kaçam
hedge <> sınır
hedge <> tedbi
hedge <> yatır
hedged <> korun
hedgehog <> diken
hedgehog <> kabuğ
hedgehog <> kirpi
hedgehogs <> kirpi
hedgehop <> alçak
hedgehopper <> alçak
hedger <> çalıl
hedger <> bağla
hedger <> bahçı
hedger <> tedbi
hedgerow <> çalı
hedgerow <> ağaçl
hedges <> çitle
hedleyite <> Hedle
hedonic <> hedon
hedonic <> zevke
hedonism <> hazcı
hedonism <> hedon
hedonist <> Hedon
hedonistic <> hazcı
hedyphane <> Hedif
heebeejeebies <> Heebe
heed <> önems
heed <> aldır
heed <> dikka
heed <> kulak
heeded <> önems
heedful <> özenl
heedful <> dikka
heedful <> ihtiy
heedfulness <> takva
heeding <> Heedi
heedless <> önems
heedless <> aldır
heedless <> dikka
heedless <> ihtiy
heedlessness <> gafle
heehaw <> a-i
heehaw <> anırm
heehaw <> gürül
heehaw <> kahka
heel <> ökçe
heel <> aşağı
heel <> alçak
heel <> dizin
heel <> golf
heel <> kalle
heel <> topuğ
heel <> topuk
heel <> yana
heeled <> ökçel
heeled <> para
heeled <> paral
heeled <> topuk
heeler <> adamı
heeler <> peşin
heelpiece <> ökçe
heels <> topuk
heeltap <> ökçe
heeltap <> barda
heep <> Heep
heft <> ağırl
heft <> itmek
heft <> kaldı
hefty <> çam 
hefty <> ağır
hefty <> bol
hefty <> etkil
hefty <> iri 
hegemonic <> hegem
hegemonies <> hegem
hegemony <> üstün
hegemony <> egeme
hegemony <> hegem
hegge <> Hegge
hegira <> hicre
heid <> Heid
heifer <> düve
heifer <> yavru
heifers <> düvel
heigh <> baksa
heigh <> bana
heigh <> hey
height <> boy
height <> doruk
height <> irtif
height <> tepe
height <> yükse
height <> zirve
heighten <> çoğal
heighten <> şişir
heighten <> abart
heighten <> artır
heighten <> artma
heighten <> yükse
heightened <> artan
heightens <> artır
heights <> yükse
heil <> Heil
heinous <> çirki
heinous <> iğren
heinousness <> iğren
heir <> miras
heir <> varis
heirdom <> miras
heirdom <> varis
heiress <> miras
heiress <> varis
heirloom <> ailed
heirloom <> ata 
heirloom <> hatır
heirlooms <> yadig
heirs <> miras
heirship <> miras
heirship <> varis
heist <> çalma
heist <> hırsı
heist <> soygu
heist <> soyma
hejira <> hicre
held <> düzen
heli <> Heli
helianthus <> ayçiç
helianthus <> gündö
helianthus <> güneb
heliborne <> helik
helibus <> büyük
helibus <> yolcu
helical <> helez
helical <> sarma
helical <> spira
helically <> helis
helicase <> helik
helicases <> helik
helices <> helik
helicobacter <> Helik
helicoid <> helik
helicoidal <> Döner
helicon <> güzel
helicon <> helik
heliconian <> Helic
heliconius <> Helic
helicopter <> helik
helicoptered <> helik
helicopters <> helik
helictite <> Helik
heliocentric <> güneş
heliochromy <> renkl
heliodor <> Helio
heliogram <> ışıkl
heliogram <> ayna
heliograph <> ayna
heliograph <> güneş
heliograph <> helyo
heliograph <> pırıl
helion <> Helio
heliophyllite <> Heliy
heliosphere <> Helio
heliostats <> helio
heliotrope <> güneş
heliotrope <> kanta
heliotrope <> kedio
heliotropin <> Helio
heliotype <> ışıkl
helipad <> helik
helipads <> helik
heliport <> helik
heliports <> helik
helis <> helik
helium <> helyu
helix <> helez
helix <> helis
helix <> sümük
helix <> salya
helix <> sarma
hell <> çok
hell <> şaka
hell <> şamat
hell <> aşırı
hell <> berba
hell <> casin
hell <> cehen
hell <> felâk
hell <> gırgı
hell <> kumar
hellandite <> Helan
hellbender <> baş 
hellbender <> su
hellbender <> su 
hellbent <> aziml
hellbent <> heves
hellbent <> istek
hellbent <> tutku
hellbroth <> büyül
hellcat <> şirre
hellcat <> cadı
hellcats <> Hellc
helldiver <> Helld
hellebore <> çöple
hellenisation <> Helle
hellenization <> Yunan
hellenize <> yunan
hellenized <> Helle
heller <> Helle
hellers <> Helle
hellespont <> çanak
hellfire <> cehen
hellfires <> Hellf
hellhole <> cehen
hellhound <> kerbe
hellhound <> zeban
hellhounds <> Hellh
helling <> Helli
hellion <> hayla
hellion <> yaram
hellions <> afaca
hellish <> şeyta
hellish <> cehen
hellish <> kötü
hellish <> korku
hellishly <> Zeban
hello <> Allah
hello <> alo
hello <> hey
hello <> merha
hello <> selam
hello <> vay 
hellos <> merha
hellspawn <> Hells
helluva <> çok
helluva <> berba
helluva <> felâk
helluva <> müthi
helm <> dümen
helm <> idare
helm <> kontr
helm <> miğfe
helm <> yönet
helmed <> miğfe
helmet <> başlı
helmet <> kask
helmet <> miğfe
helmet <> tolga
helmeted <> başlı
helmeted <> kaskl
helmeted <> miğfe
helmets <> kask
helminth <> kurt
helminth <> paraz
helminthes <> helmi
helminthic <> kurt
helminthology <> Helmi
helminthosporium <> Helmi
helminths <> helmi
helms <> Helms
helmsman <> dümen
helot <> ıspar
helot <> esir
helot <> köle
helot <> kul
help <> çözüm
help <> çare
help <> başa
help <> elind
help <> hizme
help <> imdad
help <> imdat
help <> kurta
help <> muavi
help <> yarar
help <> yardı
helpdesks <> yardı
helped <> yardı
helper <> çırak
helper <> hizme
helper <> muavi
helper <> uşak
helper <> yardı
helpers <> yardı
helpful <> fayda
helpful <> yarar
helpful <> yardı
helpfully <> yardı
helpfulness <> yardı
helping <> fayda
helping <> porsi
helping <> yardı
helpless <> çares
helpless <> aciz
helpless <> becer
helpless <> biçar
helpless <> güçsü
helpless <> yeten
helplessly <> çares
helplessness <> çares
helpline <> yardı
helplines <> yardı
helpmate <> arkad
helpmate <> can
helpmate <> can 
helpmate <> eş
helpmate <> yardı
helpmeet <> arkad
helpmeet <> can 
helpmeet <> eş
helpmeet <> yardı
helps <> yardı
helterskelter <> karma
helve <> sap
helvite <> Helvi
hem <> bastı
hem <> hımla
hem <> kenar
hemafibrite <> Hemaf
hemagglutination <> hemag
hemagglutinin <> hemag
hemal <> damar
hemal <> kan
hemal <> kan 
hemangioma <> heman
hemangiomas <> heman
hemangiomatosis <> heman
hemangiopericytoma <> heman
hemapheresis <> Hemaf
hematemesis <> hemat
hematic <> kanı
hematic <> kan 
hematic <> kana
hematic <> kanla
hematite <> hemat
hematite <> kanta
hematite <> oliji
hematites <> Hemat
hematocele <> hemat
hematochezia <> hemat
hematocrit <> hemat
hematocrits <> hemat
hematogen <> hemat
hematogenous <> hemat
hematolite <> Hemat
hematologic <> hemat
hematological <> hemat
hematologically <> hemat
hematologist <> hemat
hematologists <> hemat
hematology <> hemat
hematology <> kanbi
hematoma <> hemat
hematomas <> hemat
hematometra <> hemat
hematopathology <> hemat
hematophanite <> Hemat
hematopoesis <> hemat
hematopoiesis <> hemat
hematopoietic <> hemat
hematospermia <> hemat
hematoxylin <> Hemat
hematuria <> hemat
hemerythrin <> Hemer
hemes <> Hemes
hemiacetal <> hemia
hemiacetals <> hemia
hemianopia <> hemia
hemianopsia <> hemia
hemiarthroplasties <> hemia
hemiarthroplasty <> hemia
hemiballismus <> hemib
hemicellulose <> hemis
hemicelluloses <> hemis
hemichorea <> Hemik
hemicolectomy <> hemik
hemicrania <> hemik
hemicraniectomy <> hemik
hemidactylus <> Hemid
hemidesmosomes <> hemid
hemidiaphragm <> Rüptü
hemifacial <> hemif
hemihydrate <> hemih
hemihypertrophy <> hemih
hemihypoesthesia <> hemih
hemimorph <> Yarış
hemimorphism <> Hemim
hemimorphite <> Hemim
hemin <> hemin
heminephrectomy <> hemin
hemiparesis <> hemip
hemiparetic <> hemip
hemipelagic <> yarı
hemipelvectomy <> hemip
hemiplegia <> kısmi
hemiplegia <> yarım
hemiplegic <> hemip
hemiplegy <> hemip
hemisphere <> yarık
hemisphere <> yarım
hemispherectomy <> hemis
hemispheres <> hemis
hemispheric <> yarım
hemispherical <> yarım
hemistich <> yarım
hemithorax <> hemit
hemline <> etek
hemlines <> Etek
hemlock <> ağu
hemlock <> baldı
hemlock <> kökna
hemlock <> zehir
hemmed <> sarıl
hemmer <> Hemme
hemming <> Hemmi
hemobilia <> Hemob
hemochromatosis <> hemok
hemoconcentration <> hemok
hemoculture <> hemok
hemocultures <> hemok
hemocytometer <> hemas
hemodiafiltration <> hemod
hemodialyses <> hemod
hemodialysis <> hemod
hemodialyzer <> Hemod
hemodilution <> hemod
hemodynamic <> hemod
hemodynamical <> hemod
hemodynamically <> Hemod
hemodynamics <> hemod
hemofiltration <> hemof
hemoglobin <> hemog
hemoglobinopathies <> hemog
hemoglobinopathy <> Hemog
hemoglobins <> hemog
hemoglobinuria <> hemog
hemograms <> hemog
hemolymph <> hemol
hemolysate <> Hemol
hemolysed <> Hemol
hemolysin <> hemol
hemolysis <> hemol
hemolytic <> hemol
hemolyzed <> hemol
hemolyzing <> hemol
hemoperfusion <> hemop
hemopericardium <> Hemop
hemophagocytes <> Hemof
hemophagocytic <> hemof
hemophagocytosis <> hemof
hemophile <> hemof
hemophilia <> hemof
hemophilia <> kan 
hemophiliac <> hemof
hemophiliacs <> Hemof
hemophilic <> hemof
hemophilus <> Hemof
hemopneumothorax <> Hemop
hemopoietic <> hemop
hemoptysis <> hemop
hemorrhage <> kan 
hemorrhage <> kanam
hemorrhages <> kanam
hemorrhagic <> hemor
hemorrhaging <> kanam
hemorrhoid <> hemor
hemorrhoidal <> hemor
hemorrhoidectomy <> hemor
hemorrhoids <> basur
hemorrhoids <> hemor
hemorrhoids <> mayas
hemosiderosis <> hemos
hemosiderotic <> hemos
hemostasis <> hemos
hemostatic <> hemos
hemostatics <> Kan
hemothorax <> hemot
hemp <> esrar
hemp <> haşha
hemp <> kendi
hemp <> kenev
hemp <> marih
hempen <> kendi
hemstitch <> ajur
hen <> dişi
hen <> gevez
hen <> kadın
hen <> tavuk
henbane <> banot
hence <> şu 
hence <> bunda
hence <> bunun
hence <> burad
henceforth <> bunda
henceforward <> bunda
henceforwards <> bunda
henchman <> çıkar
henchman <> sağ 
henchman <> sadık
henchman <> uşak
henchman <> yardı
henchmen <> Hench
hencoop <> kümes
hencoop <> tavuk
hend <> Hend
hendy <> Hendy
henge <> Henge
henna <> kına
hennaed <> kına
hennaed <> kınal
henner <> Henne
hennes <> Henne
henny <> Henny
henpecked <> hanım
henpecked <> kılıb
henroost <> tünek
henroost <> tavuk
henry <> özind
henry <> Henry
henrys <> Henry
hens <> tavuk
hepar <> Hepar
heparinised <> hepar
heparinized <> hepar
heparinoids <> hepar
heparins <> hepar
hepatectomies <> hepat
hepatectomy <> hepat
hepatic <> karac
hepatitis <> hepat
hepatitis <> kara
hepatitis <> karac
hepatobiliary <> hepat
hepatoblastoma <> hepat
hepatocellular <> hepat
hepatocyte <> hepat
hepatocytes <> hepat
hepatolenticular <> Hepat
hepatologist <> karac
hepatologists <> hepat
hepatology <> Hepat
hepatomegaly <> hepat
hepatopancreas <> hepat
hepatopathy <> hepat
hepatopulmonary <> hepat
hepatosplenomegaly <> hepat
hepatotomy <> hepat
hepatotoxic <> hepat
hepatotoxicity <> hepat
hepatotoxins <> hepat
hepcat <> caz
hepcat <> caz 
hepcat <> swing
heptachlor <> hepta
heptad <> yedi
heptad <> yedil
heptagon <> yedig
heptagonal <> yedi
heptahedron <> yedi
heptane <> hepta
heptarchy <> yedi
heptathlete <> hepta
heptathlon <> hepta
heptones <> Hepto
her <> kendi
her <> o
her <> ona
her <> onu
her <> onun
heracleum <> Herac
herald <> bildi
herald <> elçi
herald <> haber
herald <> haned
herald <> müjde
herald <> selam
herald <> takdi
herald <> yayın
heralded <> müjde
heraldic <> haned
heralding <> haber
heraldry <> armal
heraldry <> haned
heralds <> müjde
herb <> bitki
herb <> ot
herbaceous <> ot
herbaceous <> otsu
herbage <> çayır
herbage <> başka
herbage <> ot
herbage <> ot 
herbage <> yeşil
herbal <> şifal
herbal <> bitki
herbal <> ot
herbal <> otlar
herbalist <> şifal
herbalist <> aktar
herbalist <> bitki
herbalists <> bitki
herbals <> bitki
herbaria <> herba
herbarium <> bitki
herbariums <> herba
herbed <> otlu
herber <> Herbe
herbergh <> Herbe
herbers <> Herbe
herbicide <> bitki
herbicides <> herbi
herbiferous <> ot
herbiferous <> ot 
herbivore <> otçul
herbivore <> otobu
herbivores <> otobu
herbivorous <> otçul
herbivorous <> otobu
herbman <> Herbm
herbology <> şifal
herbs <> otlar
herby <> bitki
herby <> ot
herculean <> Herkü
hercules <> Herkü
hercynian <> Hersi
hercynite <> Hersi
herd <> eşlik
herd <> gütme
herd <> sürü
herd <> sürme
herd <> topla
herd <> toplu
herdbook <> Soykü
herder <> çoban
herderite <> Herde
herders <> çoban
herding <> Herdi
herds <> sürül
herdsman <> çoban
herdsman <> sürü
herdsman <> sığır
here <> Burad
here <> burad
here <> buray
here <> burda
here <> işte
hereabout <> bu
hereabout <> bu 
hereabout <> yakın
hereabouts <> bu
hereabouts <> bu 
hereabouts <> yakın
hereafter <> öbür
hereafter <> ahire
hereafter <> bunda
hereafter <> gelec
hereby <> böyle
hereby <> bu 
hereby <> bunda
hereby <> burad
hereby <> sonuç
hereditament <> mülk
hereditament <> mal
hereditament <> miras
hereditaria <> hered
hereditary <> ırsi
hereditary <> intik
hereditary <> kalıt
heredity <> ırsiy
heredity <> kalıt
heredity <> soyaç
heredity <> soyda
herefrom <> burad
herein <> Burad
herein <> bu 
herein <> bunda
herein <> bunun
hereinabove <> öncek
hereinabove <> geçen
hereinabove <> yukar
hereinafter <> aşağı
hereinafter <> gelec
heren <> herek
hereof <> İşbu
hereof <> bu 
hereof <> bunun
hereon <> Burad
heresy <> aykır
heresy <> sapık
heresy <> sapın
heretic <> gelen
heretic <> kâfir
heretical <> inanı
heretics <> sapkı
hereto <> şimdi
hereto <> bu 
heretofore <> önced
heretofore <> şimdi
hereunder <> aşağı
hereunto <> şimdi
hereunto <> bu
hereunto <> bu 
hereupon <> bunda
hereupon <> bunun
herewith <> böyle
herewith <> bu
herewith <> bu 
herewith <> sonuç
heriot <> Herio
heritabilities <> kalıt
heritability <> kalıt
heritable <> kalıt
heritable <> miras
heritage <> kalıt
heritage <> miras
heritage <> vâded
heritages <> miras
heritance <> kalıt
heritor <> kalıt
heritor <> miras
heritor <> varis
herling <> Herli
herm <> Herm
herma <> Herma
hermaphrodite <> çift
hermaphrodite <> erdiş
hermaphrodite <> ersel
hermaphrodite <> herma
hermaphrodites <> çift
hermaphroditism <> herma
hermas <> Herma
hermatypic <> herma
hermeneutic <> herme
hermeneutical <> herme
hermeneutics <> tefsi
hermeneutics <> yorum
hermes <> Herme
hermetic <> anlaş
hermetic <> büyüy
hermetic <> hava
hermetic <> sımsı
hermetical <> Herme
hermetically <> Herme
hermeticism <> Herme
hermit <> inziv
hermit <> keşiş
hermit <> toplu
hermit <> yalnı
hermitage <> inziv
hermitage <> keşiş
hermitages <> inziv
hermitic <> hermi
hermits <> münze
herms <> Herms
hernani <> Herna
hernia <> fıtık
hernial <> fıtık
hernias <> herni
herniated <> fıtık
herniation <> fıtık
herniation <> herni
herniations <> herni
herniorrhaphy <> herni
hero <> alp
hero <> kahra
hero <> yiğit
heroe <> alp
heroe <> kahra
heroe <> yiğit
heroes <> kahra
heroic <> cesur
heroic <> desta
heroic <> epik
heroic <> güçlü
heroic <> kahra
heroically <> kahra
heroics <> kahra
heroin <> beyaz
heroin <> eroin
heroine <> kadın
heroine <> kahra
heroine <> yarı
heroines <> kadın
heroins <> kahra
heroism <> kahra
heroisms <> kahra
heroize <> başro
heroize <> kahra
heron <> balık
heronry <> balık
herons <> balık
heros <> Heros
herpes <> uçuk
herpesvirus <> herpe
herpetic <> uçuk
herpetofauna <> Herpe
herpetological <> Herpe
herpetologist <> herpe
herpetology <> sürün
herring <> ringa
herringbone <> çapra
herringbone <> balık
herringbone <> ringa
herringbone <> zikza
herrings <> balık
hers <> onunk
herse <> Herse
herself <> bizza
herself <> kendi
hert <> Hert
herts <> Herts
hertz <> hertz
hery <> Hery
hesitance <> durak
hesitance <> karar
hesitance <> tered
hesitancies <> tered
hesitancy <> durak
hesitancy <> karar
hesitancy <> tered
hesitant <> durak
hesitant <> karar
hesitant <> kuşku
hesitant <> mızmı
hesitant <> tered
hesitantly <> tered
hesitate <> çekin
hesitate <> durak
hesitate <> tekle
hesitate <> tered
hesitated <> durak
hesitates <> tered
hesitating <> tered
hesitatingly <> durak
hesitatingly <> tered
hesitation <> çekin
hesitation <> durak
hesitation <> takıl
hesitation <> tered
hesitations <> tered
hesperus <> Hespe
hessian <> çuval
hessian <> Hesse
hessian <> kendi
hetaera <> Hetae
hetaeria <> Hetae
hetaerolite <> Hetae
hete <> HETE
heterakis <> Heter
hetero <> heter
hetero <> karşı
heteroatoms <> heter
heterocera <> Heter
heterochromatic <> heter
heterochromatin <> heter
heterochromia <> heter
heterochromic <> heter
heteroclite <> düzen
heterocycles <> Heter
heterocyclic <> heter
heterocyclics <> Heter
heterodera <> Heter
heterodont <> Heter
heterodonta <> Heter
heterodox <> aykır
heterodox <> düzen
heterodox <> inanç
heterodoxy <> heter
heteroecious <> Heter
heterogen <> heter
heterogene <> heter
heterogeneity <> farkl
heterogeneity <> heter
heterogeneous <> ayrı
heterogeneous <> farkl
heterogeneous <> heter
heterogeneously <> heter
heterogenic <> heter
heterogenous <> heter
heteroinoculation <> heter
heterokaryotic <> heter
heterologic <> Heter
heterologous <> heter
heterolysis <> heter
heteromorphite <> Heter
heteronuclear <> heter
heterophil <> heter
heterophile <> heter
heteropoly <> Heter
heteroptera <> Heter
heteroscedasticity <> varya
heterosexism <> heter
heterosexist <> heter
heterosexual <> heter
heterosexual <> karşı
heterosexuality <> heter
heterosexuals <> heter
heterosomata <> Heter
heterostructure <> HETER
heterostructures <> heter
heterotaxy <> heter
heterotic <> heter
heterotopia <> heter
heterotopias <> heter
heterotopic <> heter
heterotroph <> heter
heterotrophic <> heter
heterotropia <> heter
heterotropic <> heter
heterotypic <> heter
heterozygosity <> heter
heterozygote <> heter
heterozygotes <> heter
heterozygotic <> heter
heterozygous <> heter
heth <> Heth
hetman <> Hetma
hets <> Hets
heulandite <> Hölan
heuristic <> sezgi
heuristically <> sezgi
hevea <> Hevea
hew <> çentm
hew <> balta
hew <> kesme
hew <> yarma
hew <> yontm
hewed <> biçti
hewer <> kömür
hewer <> odunc
hewer <> yontu
hewettite <> Hevet
hewing <> işlen
hex <> afsun
hex <> büyü
hex <> hex
hex <> nazar
hex <> uğurs
hexachloride <> hekza
hexachlorobenzene <> hekza
hexadecimal <> onalt
hexadecyl <> hekza
hexafluoride <> heksa
hexagon <> altıg
hexagonal <> altıg
hexagons <> altıg
hexagram <> altı
hexahedron <> altı
hexahydrate <> hekza
hexahydrite <> Hegza
hexameric <> altıl
hexametaphosphate <> Hexam
hexameter <> altı
hexamidine <> hekza
hexamine <> heksa
hexane <> hekza
hexanol <> hekza
hexapeptide <> Hekza
hexapod <> tezin
hexapoda <> Hegza
hexavalent <> hekza
hexed <> Hexed
hexer <> Hexer
hexoctahedron <> Hexoc
hexokinase <> hekso
hexosamine <> hekso
hexose <> hekso
hexoses <> hekso
hexyl <> heksi
hey <> hay 
hey <> hey
heyday <> altın
heyday <> doruk
heyday <> en 
heys <> Heys
hi <> baksa
hi <> hayre
hi <> hey
hi <> merha
hi <> selam
hiatal <> Hiata
hiatus <> aralı
hiatus <> boşlu
hiatus <> kesin
hiatus <> yarık
hibernal <> kışa
hibernate <> hiber
hibernate <> kışı
hibernate <> kış 
hibernates <> uykus
hibernation <> kışı
hibernation <> kış
hibernation <> kış 
hibiscus <> amber
hibiscus <> ebegü
hibiscus <> gülha
hiccough <> hıçkı
hiccoughs <> hıçkı
hiccup <> hıçkı
hiccupping <> hıçkı
hiccups <> hıçkı
hick <> hödük
hick <> köylü
hick <> taşra
hickey <> Hicke
hickory <> Kuzey
hicks <> Hicks
hicksville <> Hicks
hid <> sakla
hidalga <> Hidal
hidalgo <> Hiday
hidalgos <> Hidal
hidden <> gizle
hidden <> gizli
hidden <> kuytu
hidden <> saklı
hiddenly <> kamuf
hide <> cilt
hide <> dövme
hide <> dayak
hide <> deri
hide <> deris
hide <> gizle
hide <> ortaç
hide <> patak
hide <> post
hide <> saklı
hide <> sakla
hideaway <> gizle
hideaway <> sakla
hideaway <> sayfi
hideaways <> Dinle
hidebound <> dar 
hidebound <> geri
hidebound <> tutuc
hideous <> çirki
hideous <> iğren
hideous <> korku
hideously <> korku
hideousness <> çirki
hideousness <> iğren
hideousness <> korku
hideout <> gizle
hideout <> sakla
hideout <> sayfi
hideouts <> gizle
hider <> Hider
hides <> gizle
hiding <> dövme
hiding <> dayak
hiding <> gizle
hiding <> sakla
hie <> acele
hie <> gidiv
hierarch <> baş 
hierarch <> başpi
hierarchal <> hiyer
hierarchial <> hiyer
hierarchic <> aşama
hierarchic <> hiyer
hierarchical <> aşama
hierarchical <> hiyer
hierarchically <> hiyer
hierarchies <> hiyer
hierarchy <> aşama
hierarchy <> hiyer
hieratic <> rahip
hierocracy <> dini
hieroglyph <> anlaş
hieroglyph <> hiyer
hieroglyph <> okuna
hieroglyphic <> hiyer
hieroglyphic <> okuna
hieroglyphical <> hiyer
hieroglyphics <> anlaş
hieroglyphics <> gizli
hieroglyphics <> hiyer
hieroglyphs <> hiyer
hieron <> Hiero
hierophant <> Hiero
higgle <> çekiş
higgle <> pazar
higgle <> sıkı
higgler <> pazar
higgler <> sıkı
high <> öneml
high <> üstün
high <> üst
high <> şidde
high <> aşırı
high <> büyük
high <> esrar
high <> ileri
high <> lüks
high <> lise
high <> neşel
high <> rekor
high <> sarho
high <> soylu
high <> uçma
high <> uçmuş
high <> uyuşt
high <> yüce
high <> yükse
high <> yukar
high <> zirve
highbrow <> ukalâ
highchair <> çocuk
highchairs <> mama
higher <> daha
higher <> ileri
higher <> yükse
highers <> Highe
highest <> en
highest <> en 
highfaluting <> tumtu
highfliers <> uçucu
highflyer <> Highf
highland <> Kuzey
highland <> dağlı
highlander <> İskoç
highlander <> Kuzey
highlander <> dağlı
highlanders <> Dağlı
highlands <> Kuzey
highlands <> dağlı
highlevel <> yükse
highlight <> ilgin
highlight <> parla
highlight <> vurgu
highlighted <> Vurgu
highlighter <> vurgu
highlighting <> vurgu
highlights <> akıld
highlights <> hatır
highlights <> highl
highlights <> röfle
highly <> çok
highly <> çok 
highly <> büyük
highly <> son
highly <> son 
highmore <> Highm
highness <> yücel
highness <> yükse
highpoints <> amacı
highpowered <> HighP
highresolution <> yükse
highrise <> çok
highrise <> çok 
highrise <> yükse
highrises <> gökde
highroad <> anayo
highroad <> cadde
highroads <> Anayo
highs <> yükse
highschool <> lise
highschools <> lised
highspeed <> yükse
hight <> yükse
hightech <> Hight
hightension <> Yükse
hightide <> Hight
hightower <> Yükse
highwater <> Highw
highway <> anayo
highway <> ekspr
highway <> karay
highway <> otoba
highway <> otoyo
highwayman <> eşkıy
highwayman <> soygu
highwayman <> yol 
highwaymen <> Highw
highways <> karay
highwire <> Highw
hijack <> çalma
hijack <> gasp
hijack <> gaspe
hijack <> hırsı
hijack <> kaçır
hijack <> uçak
hijacked <> kaçır
hijacker <> gaspç
hijacker <> hırsı
hijacker <> hava
hijackers <> korsa
hijacking <> gasp
hijacking <> hırsı
hijacking <> uçak
hijackings <> kaçır
hijiki <> Hijik
hijra <> hicre
hike <> dolaş
hike <> gezin
hike <> gezme
hike <> uzun
hike <> yükse
hike <> yürüm
hike <> yürüy
hike <> yukar
hiker <> uzun
hikers <> yürüy
hikes <> zamla
hiking <> yürüy
hila <> Hila
hilar <> hiler
hilarious <> şamat
hilarious <> eğlen
hilarious <> gürül
hilarious <> neşel
hilarity <> şamat
hilarity <> gürül
hilarity <> neşe
hild <> Hild
hilding <> Hildi
hili <> Hili
hill <> tepe
hill <> tepec
hill <> tepel
hill <> topra
hill <> yığın
hill <> yığma
hill <> yokuş
hillbillies <> Hillb
hillbilly <> çiftç
hillbilly <> dağ
hillbilly <> dağ 
hillcrest <> Hillc
hiller <> Hille
hillier <> Hilli
hilliness <> bozuk
hilliness <> tümse
hilliness <> tepel
hillman <> dağlı
hillock <> tümse
hillock <> tepec
hills <> tepel
hillside <> dağ 
hillside <> yamaç
hillsides <> yamaç
hilltop <> tepe
hilltops <> tepe
hilly <> dağlı
hilly <> tepel
hilt <> kabza
hilt <> sap
hilts <> Hilts
hilum <> hilus
him <> kendi
him <> o
him <> ona
him <> onu
himantopus <> Himan
hims <> Hims
himself <> bizza
himself <> kendi
hind <> çiftç
hind <> arka
hind <> arkad
hind <> dişi
hind <> geri
hind <> geyik
hindbrain <> ardbe
hinder <> aksam
hinder <> aksat
hinder <> alıko
hinder <> arkad
hinder <> daha
hinder <> engel
hinder <> sonra
hindered <> engel
hinderer <> aksat
hinderer <> engel
hindering <> engel
hindermost <> en 
hindermost <> sonda
hinders <> engel
hindfoot <> ayak
hindhead <> Hindh
hindmost <> en
hindmost <> en 
hindmost <> sonda
hindquarter <> but
hindquarters <> butla
hindquarters <> kıç
hindrance <> önlem
hindrance <> ayak
hindrance <> engel
hindrance <> mani
hindrances <> engel
hinds <> Hinds
hindsight <> önemi
hindsight <> geç 
hindsight <> gez
hine <> Hine
hines <> Hines
hinge <> dayan
hinge <> esas
hinge <> mafsa
hinge <> mente
hinge <> reze
hinged <> mafsa
hinged <> mente
hinged <> oynak
hinges <> mente
hings <> Hings
hinnies <> bardo
hinny <> bardo
hinny <> katır
hint <> çıtla
hint <> üstü
hint <> dokun
hint <> fikir
hint <> hisse
hint <> işare
hint <> ima
hint <> ipucu
hint <> iz
hint <> tavsi
hinted <> ima
hinter <> Hinte
hinterland <> iç
hinterland <> iç 
hinterland <> liman
hinterland <> sahil
hinterlands <> hinte
hinting <> imalı
hints <> ipuçl
hip <> çatı
hip <> açıkg
hip <> farkı
hip <> gül 
hip <> haber
hip <> iç 
hip <> içini
hip <> kıç
hip <> kalça
hip <> kuşbu
hip <> kurun
hip <> moday
hip <> moder
hipbone <> kalça
hipbone <> leğen
hippa <> HIPPA
hippe <> Hippe
hipped <> kabar
hipped <> kalça
hipped <> merak
hippest <> revaç
hippie <> hippi
hippies <> hippi
hippo <> suayg
hippocampal <> hipok
hippocamps <> Hippo
hippocampus <> beyin
hippocampus <> deniz
hippocampus <> hipok
hippocras <> bahar
hippocrates <> Hipok
hippodrome <> göste
hippodrome <> hipod
hippodrome <> salon
hippodrome <> sirk
hippodrome <> tiyat
hippodromes <> Hipod
hippoglossus <> Hippo
hippogriff <> kuş 
hippogriff <> yarı
hippogryph <> kuş 
hippogryph <> yarı
hippolyte <> Hippo
hippopotamus <> suayg
hippos <> suayg
hippuric <> hippu
hippurites <> Hippu
hippy <> hippi
hips <> kalça
hipshot <> çıkık
hipshot <> aksak
hipshot <> bozuk
hipshot <> kalça
hipster <> kalça
hipster <> yenil
hipsters <> same
hirable <> kiral
hircin <> HIRÇI
hire <> ücret
hire <> kira
hire <> kiral
hire <> tutma
hired <> kiral
hired <> tutul
hireling <> ücret
hireling <> para
hireling <> parag
hirelings <> paral
hirer <> kirac
hirer <> kiral
hires <> işe
hiring <> kiral
hirings <> işe
hirsute <> diken
hirsute <> kıllı
hirsute <> saçlı
hirsute <> tüylü
hirsutism <> hirsu
hirudinea <> Hirud
hirudo <> Hirud
hirundo <> Hirun
his <> onun
his <> onunk
hish <> Hish
hisn <> Hisn
hiss <> ıslık
hiss <> alayl
hiss <> beğen
hiss <> küçük
hiss <> sinir
hiss <> tıs
hiss <> tısla
hiss <> yuhal
hissed <> tısla
hissing <> tısla
hist <> dur
hist <> geçmi
histamine <> hista
histaminergic <> hista
histamines <> hista
histidine <> histi
histiocyte <> histi
histiocytes <> histi
histiocytic <> histi
histiocytoma <> histi
histiocytosis <> histi
histochemical <> histo
histochemically <> histo
histochemistry <> histo
histocompatibility <> doku
histocompatibility <> dokul
histocytological <> histo
histogenesis <> doku
histogenetically <> histo
histograms <> histo
histography <> tarih
histoid <> dokus
histologic <> histo
histological <> histo
histologically <> histo
histologies <> histo
histologist <> doku
histologist <> histo
histologists <> histo
histology <> dokub
histology <> histo
histolysis <> doku
histomorphological <> histo
histomorphologically <> histo
histone <> histo
histones <> histo
histopathologic <> histo
histopathological <> histo
histopathologically <> histo
histopathology <> histo
histoplasma <> Histo
histoplasmin <> Histo
histoplasmosis <> histo
historian <> tarih
historians <> tarih
historic <> öneml
historic <> evrim
historic <> tarih
historical <> öneml
historical <> evrim
historical <> tarih
historically <> tarih
historicians <> tarih
historicism <> Tarih
historicist <> tarih
historicity <> tarih
historied <> tarih
histories <> geçmi
historiographer <> tarih
historiographic <> ve
historiographical <> tarih
historiography <> tarih
history <> geçmi
histrion <> Histr
histrionic <> aşırı
histrionic <> oyunc
histrionic <> tiyat
histrionics <> aktör
histrionics <> duygu
histrionics <> oyunc
histrionics <> sahte
histrionics <> tiyat
histrionics <> yapma
hit <> çıkış
hit <> çarpm
hit <> üzmek
hit <> şans
hit <> başar
hit <> bulma
hit <> darbe
hit <> isabe
hit <> kiral
hit <> laf 
hit <> olmak
hit <> rastg
hit <> sarsm
hit <> taş
hit <> ulaşm
hit <> varma
hit <> vurma
hit <> vuruş
hit <> yaral
hit <> yumru
hitch <> çekiş
hitch <> çekiv
hitch <> çekme
hitch <> aksak
hitch <> aksam
hitch <> aksil
hitch <> arıza
hitch <> araba
hitch <> bağla
hitch <> evlen
hitch <> sıyır
hitch <> takma
hitch <> tersl
hitch <> topal
hitched <> evlen
hitcher <> Otost
hitchhike <> otost
hitchhiked <> otost
hitchhiker <> otost
hitchhiking <> otost
hither <> berid
hither <> beriy
hither <> bu 
hither <> buray
hitherto <> şimdi
hitherto <> bugün
hitman <> Hitma
hitmen <> Hitme
hitting <> isabe
hive <> arı 
hive <> istif
hive <> kalab
hive <> kovan
hive <> topla
hive <> toplu
hives <> ürtik
hives <> kurde
hizen <> Hizen
ho <> deme
ho <> hadi
ho <> ho
ho <> yok 
hoagy <> Hoagy
hoar <> ağarm
hoar <> ak
hoar <> ak 
hoar <> bembe
hoar <> beyaz
hoar <> kırağ
hoar <> yaşlı
hoard <> aklın
hoard <> defin
hoard <> istif
hoard <> stok
hoard <> stokl
hoard <> topla
hoard <> toplu
hoarded <> Yığma
hoarder <> birik
hoarder <> istif
hoarder <> stokç
hoarding <> ilan
hoarding <> istif
hoarding <> pano
hoarding <> stok
hoarding <> tahta
hoardings <> panol
hoarfrost <> kırağ
hoariness <> ak 
hoariness <> eskil
hoarse <> çatla
hoarse <> boğuk
hoarse <> kısık
hoarsely <> boğuk
hoarsely <> kısık
hoarseness <> ses
hoarseness <> ses 
hoary <> ağarm
hoary <> ak 
hoary <> beyaz
hoary <> yaşlı
hoax <> işlet
hoax <> kafes
hoax <> muzip
hoax <> oyun
hoax <> sazan
hoaxer <> muzip
hoaxer <> oyunc
hoaxes <> sahte
hob <> öcü
hob <> cin
hob <> freze
hob <> gulya
hob <> iri 
hob <> kalıp
hob <> ocak
hobbies <> hobil
hobbing <> kalıp
hobbits <> hobbi
hobble <> aksam
hobble <> ayak
hobble <> ayakl
hobble <> durak
hobble <> engel
hobble <> köste
hobble <> topal
hobble <> zorlu
hobbled <> topal
hobbledehoy <> elini
hobbledehoy <> geliş
hobbledehoy <> sarsa
hobbling <> çökmü
hobby <> özel
hobby <> delic
hobby <> hobi
hobby <> merak
hobbyhorse <> at 
hobbyhorse <> atlık
hobbyhorse <> dönüp
hobbyhorse <> oyunc
hobbyhorse <> sabit
hobbyhorse <> takın
hobbyist <> amatö
hobbyist <> hobi
hobbyist <> hobil
hobbyists <> hobi
hobday <> Hobda
hobgoblin <> şakac
hobgoblin <> cin
hobgoblin <> muzip
hobnail <> iri 
hobnail <> kabar
hobnailed <> iri 
hobnailed <> kaba
hobnailed <> koca
hobnailed <> yontu
hobnob <> berab
hobnob <> birli
hobnob <> sıkı
hobnob <> samim
hobo <> amele
hobo <> boş
hobo <> boş 
hobo <> gezic
hobo <> serse
hobos <> aylak
hobs <> ocak
hock <> Alman
hock <> Ren 
hock <> diz 
hock <> iç 
hock <> rehin
hock <> topal
hocker <> Hocke
hockey <> hokey
hocking <> Hocki
hocks <> dizle
hocus <> aldat
hocus <> oyun
hocus <> serse
hocus <> uyuşt
hod <> duvar
hod <> kömür
hod <> sırt
hodgepodge <> Hodge
hodgkinsonite <> Hodgk
hodja <> hoca
hodjas <> hoca
hodman <> amele
hodman <> duvar
hodman <> makin
hodman <> nitel
hodograph <> hodog
hodometer <> kilom
hoe <> çapa
hoe <> çapal
hoedown <> Hoedo
hoeing <> Çapa
hoernesite <> Hörne
hog <> açgöz
hog <> benci
hog <> domuz
hog <> freze
hog <> kambu
hog <> obur
hog <> payın
hog <> yaban
hog <> yeles
hog <> yolu
hogans <> çadır
hogback <> domuz
hogback <> kambu
hogen <> HOGEN
hogfish <> lipso
hogg <> Hogg
hogget <> bir 
hogget <> kuzu
hoggin <> kum
hoggin <> kum 
hoggish <> açgöz
hoggish <> benci
hoggish <> domuz
hoggish <> kaba
hoggish <> saygı
hogmanay <> yılın
hogmanay <> yılba
hogs <> domuz
hogshead <> büyük
hogskin <> domuz
hoh <> Hoh
hoick <> anide
hoik <> anide
hoing <> Höing
hoist <> çalma
hoist <> çekme
hoist <> aşırm
hoist <> kaldı
hoist <> vinç
hoist <> yük 
hoist <> yukar
hoisting <> kaldı
hoists <> yük
hoistway <> asans
hoit <> kuyu
hojatoleslam <> Hojat
hoke <> Hoke
hoker <> Hoker
hokey <> hokus
hoki <> Hoki
hokum <> boş 
hokum <> saçma
hokum <> seyir
hold <> çekme
hold <> alıko
hold <> almak
hold <> ambar
hold <> bagaj
hold <> barın
hold <> dayan
hold <> devam
hold <> dur
hold <> durdu
hold <> durma
hold <> el 
hold <> etki
hold <> gözal
hold <> geçer
hold <> gemi
hold <> kaldı
hold <> karar
hold <> kavra
hold <> muhaf
hold <> nüfuz
hold <> sadık
hold <> tıkam
hold <> tutma
hold <> tutun
holdall <> çuval
holdall <> bavul
holdall <> hurç
holdback <> engel
holder <> duy
holder <> elind
holder <> hamil
holder <> kap
holder <> kulp
holder <> sahib
holder <> sahip
holder <> tutac
holder <> tutan
holders <> sahip
holdfast <> çenge
holdfast <> kanca
holdfast <> kenet
holdfast <> tutan
holding <> alaca
holding <> arsa
holding <> hisse
holding <> karar
holding <> mal
holding <> stok
holding <> topra
holding <> tutma
holdings <> holdi
holdouts <> diren
holdover <> ertel
holdover <> sözle
holdover <> süres
holds <> tutar
holdup <> tutun
hole <> çukur
hole <> boşlu
hole <> deliğ
hole <> delik
hole <> delme
hole <> derin
hole <> hücre
hole <> in
hole <> köşes
hole <> kapan
hole <> kazma
hole <> kodes
hole <> kovuk
hole <> oyuk
hole <> yuvas
hole <> zor 
holed <> delik
holes <> delik
holiday <> bayra
holiday <> dini
holiday <> izin
holiday <> tatil
holiday <> yortu
holidayed <> tatil
holidayers <> tatil
holidaying <> tatil
holidaymaker <> tatil
holidaymakers <> tatil
holidays <> bayra
holidays <> dini
holidays <> yortu
holier <> kutsa
holiest <> kutsa
holiness <> kutlu
holiness <> kutsa
holing <> delme
holism <> doğan
holism <> holiz
holistic <> bütün
holistically <> bütün
holk <> Holk
holland <> Holla
hollandaise <> Holla
hollandish <> Holla
hollandish <> holla
hollandite <> Holla
hollands <> Holla
hollands <> cin
holler <> bağır
holler <> sesle
hollered <> bağır
hollering <> bağır
hollers <> aglam
hollies <> Holli
hollo <> bağır
holloa <> bağır
hollow <> çökük
hollow <> çökmü
hollow <> çukur
hollow <> aç
hollow <> bütün
hollow <> boş
hollow <> boş 
hollow <> boşlu
hollow <> delik
hollow <> kazma
hollow <> kof
hollow <> oymak
hollow <> oyuk
hollow <> sahte
hollow <> tamam
hollow <> yalan
hollowed <> oyuk
hollowness <> çukur
hollowness <> açlık
hollowness <> boğuk
hollowness <> boşlu
hollowness <> oyukl
hollowness <> sahte
hollowware <> gümüş
hollowware <> kâse
hollowware <> kap
holly <> çoban
hollyhock <> gülha
holm <> adacı
holme <> Holme
holmium <> holmi
holms <> Holms
holocaust <> Nazi
holocaust <> Yahud
holocaust <> kurba
holocaust <> soykı
holocaust <> toplu
holocaust <> yangı
holocrystalline <> holok
holograms <> holog
holograph <> bütün
holograph <> imza
holographic <> holog
holography <> holog
holomorphic <> holom
holomorphy <> holom
holoprosencephaly <> holop
holotype <> holot
hols <> bayra
hols <> dini
hols <> yortu
holster <> kubur
holster <> taban
holstered <> Temiz
holt <> ağaçl
holt <> koru
holt <> samur
holt <> yuva
holy <> Tanrı
holy <> kutsa
holy <> mübar
holy <> tanrı
holy <> tapıl
homage <> bağlı
homage <> egeme
homage <> hürme
homage <> saygı
homburg <> kıvrı
home <> ülkes
home <> aile
home <> bakım
home <> ev
home <> evde
home <> evdek
home <> eve
home <> eve 
home <> hedef
home <> kale
home <> kendi
home <> sinyâ
home <> tam 
home <> vatan
home <> vicda
home <> yurda
home <> yurt
home <> yuva
home <> yuvas
homebody <> ev
homebody <> ev 
homebody <> evde
homebody <> evden
homebound <> evden
homebound <> eve
homebound <> eve 
homebound <> vatan
homeboy <> ev
homebred <> yerli
homebrew <> ev 
homebrew <> homeb
homecoming <> mezun
homed <> giriş
homefield <> Homef
homeground <> Homeg
homegrown <> kendi
homeland <> anayu
homeland <> memle
homeland <> vatan
homelands <> yurtl
homeless <> evi 
homeless <> evsiz
homeless <> vatan
homelessness <> evsiz
homelife <> Homel
homelike <> ev
homelike <> ev 
homeliness <> çirki
homeliness <> basit
homeliness <> sadel
homeliness <> zevks
homely <> çirki
homely <> basit
homely <> göste
homely <> sade
homemade <> ev
homemade <> ev 
homemade <> evde
homemade <> yerli
homemaker <> aile
homemaker <> ev
homemaker <> ev 
homemakers <> ev
homemaking <> ev
homemaking <> ev 
homeodomain <> Homeo
homeomorphic <> Homeo
homeomorphism <> Homeo
homeomorphisms <> homeo
homeopathic <> homeo
homeopaths <> homeo
homeopathy <> benze
homeopathy <> homeo
homeostatic <> homeo
homeowner <> ev
homeowners <> ev
homepage <> anasa
homepages <> ana
homer <> beysb
homeroom <> Homer
homers <> Homer
homes <> evler
homeschool <> Homes
homeschooling <> Evde
homesick <> evini
homesick <> vatan
homesickness <> vatan
homesickness <> yurt
homesite <> HomeS
homespun <> evde
homespun <> göste
homespun <> sade
homespun <> saf
homespun <> temiz
homestay <> Aile
homestays <> ailel
homestead <> çiftl
homestead <> topra
homesteads <> çiftl
homestretch <> son
homestretch <> son 
homestyle <> Homes
hometown <> memle
hometowns <> kasab
homeward <> eve
homeward <> eve 
homeward <> yurda
homewards <> eve
homewards <> eve 
homewards <> yurda
homework <> ödev
homework <> ev 
homework <> evde
homeworkers <> evde
homeworking <> Evden
homeworks <> ödevl
homeworld <> Homew
homey <> ev
homey <> ev 
homicidal <> öldür
homicidal <> adam
homicide <> adam
homicide <> cani
homicide <> cinay
homicide <> katil
homicides <> cinay
homie <> dostu
homies <> kanka
homilies <> Homil
homilite <> Homil
homily <> dini
homily <> uzun
homily <> vaaz
homing <> dönüş
homing <> uçuş
homing <> yurda
homing <> yuvay
hominid <> insan
hominids <> insan
hominoid <> insan
hominy <> kaba
hominy <> mısır
hommes <> Homme
homo <> eşcin
homo <> homo
homo <> homos
homocyclic <> Homos
homocysteine <> homos
homocystinuria <> homos
homodont <> Homod
homodyne <> homod
homoeopathic <> homeo
homoeopathy <> benze
homoeopathy <> homeo
homoerotic <> eşcin
homoerotic <> homos
homogen <> Homoj
homogenate <> homoj
homogenates <> homoj
homogene <> homoj
homogeneity <> homoj
homogeneize <> homoj
homogeneize <> iyice
homogeneized <> homoj
homogeneous <> aynı
homogeneous <> homoj
homogeneous <> türde
homogeneously <> homoj
homogenic <> homoj
homogenisation <> homoj
homogenise <> homoj
homogenised <> homoj
homogenising <> homoj
homogenization <> homoj
homogenize <> homoj
homogenize <> iyice
homogenized <> homoj
homogenizer <> Homoj
homogenizers <> homoj
homogenizes <> homoj
homogenizing <> homoj
homogenous <> homoj
homogentisic <> homog
homogeny <> homoj
homograft <> homog
homografts <> homog
homograph <> aynı
homograph <> eşyaz
homographic <> aynı
homographic <> eşyaz
homoiotherm <> Homoi
homologate <> doğru
homologate <> onayl
homologation <> homol
homologations <> homol
homological <> homol
homologies <> homol
homologous <> benze
homologous <> homol
homologous <> türde
homologs <> homol
homologues <> homol
homology <> homol
homomorphic <> homom
homomorphism <> homom
homomorphisms <> homom
homonuclear <> homon
homonym <> eşses
homonym <> homon
homonym <> seste
homonymic <> eşses
homonymous <> eşses
homophile <> eşcin
homophile <> homos
homophobe <> Homop
homophobia <> homof
homophobic <> homof
homophone <> eşses
homophone <> seste
homophones <> Homop
homophonic <> ahenk
homophonic <> aynı
homophonic <> eşses
homopolar <> eşkut
homopolymer <> homop
homopolymers <> homop
homoptera <> Homop
homos <> Homos
homoserine <> homos
homosexual <> eşcin
homosexual <> homos
homosexuality <> eşcin
homosexuality <> homos
homosexually <> Eşcin
homosexuals <> eşcin
homothetic <> homot
homotopy <> homot
homozygosity <> homoz
homozygote <> homoz
homozygotes <> homoz
homozygotic <> homoz
homozygous <> homoz
homunculus <> cüce
homunculus <> minya
homy <> ev
homy <> ev 
honan <> Honan
hondas <> Honda
hone <> bileğ
hone <> bilem
honed <> honla
honest <> açık
honest <> dürüs
honest <> doğru
honest <> gerçe
honest <> hiles
honest <> içten
honest <> katış
honest <> namus
honest <> saf
honest <> sahi
honestly <> dürüs
honestly <> doğru
honestly <> gerçe
honestly <> mertç
honestly <> sahid
honesty <> alçak
honesty <> dürüs
honesty <> doğru
honesty <> gözlü
honesty <> namus
honey <> şeker
honey <> bal
honey <> bitki
honey <> canım
honey <> en 
honey <> klas
honey <> sevgi
honey <> tatlı
honeybee <> balar
honeybees <> bal
honeybun <> canım
honeybun <> tatlı
honeybunch <> canım
honeybunch <> tatlı
honeycomb <> delik
honeycomb <> petek
honeycombed <> delik
honeycombed <> göz 
honeycombed <> petek
honeycombing <> bal
honeycombs <> petek
honeydew <> tatlı
honeydew <> yapra
honeyed <> ballı
honeyed <> tatlı
honeyed <> yüze
honeymoon <> balay
honeymoons <> balay
honeypot <> çekic
honeypot <> bal
honeypot <> bal 
honeypot <> cazip
honeypots <> Honey
honeys <> balla
honeysuckle <> hanım
honeywood <> Bal
hongs <> Canto
honied <> ballı
honied <> tatlı
honied <> yüze
honing <> honla
honk <> ötmek
honk <> kaz 
honk <> klâks
honk <> korna
honker <> Honke
honking <> Honki
honor <> övünç
honor <> özsay
honor <> şeref
honor <> Onur
honor <> büyük
honor <> golft
honor <> hürme
honor <> haysi
honor <> izzet
honor <> kabul
honor <> misaf
honor <> namus
honor <> onur
honor <> onurl
honor <> saygı
honor <> sayma
honorable <> şeref
honorable <> muhte
honorable <> namus
honorable <> onurl
honorable <> saygı
honorable <> yüce
honorably <> onurl
honoraria <> onurs
honorarium <> ücret
honorarium <> hizme
honorary <> fahri
honorary <> onurs
honored <> şeref
honored <> onur
honored <> onurl
honoree <> Onur
honorific <> saygı
honorific <> yücel
honoring <> onurl
honoris <> Honor
honors <> şeref
honors <> Onur
honors <> onur
honour <> övünç
honour <> özsay
honour <> şeref
honour <> Onur
honour <> büyük
honour <> golft
honour <> hürme
honour <> haysi
honour <> izzet
honour <> kabul
honour <> misaf
honour <> namus
honour <> onur
honour <> onurl
honour <> saygı
honour <> sayma
honourable <> şeref
honourable <> muhte
honourable <> namus
honourable <> onurl
honourable <> saygı
honourable <> yüce
honourably <> onurl
honoured <> şeref
honoured <> onur
honoured <> onurl
honourific <> saygı
honourific <> yücel
honouring <> onurl
honours <> şeref
honours <> Onur
honours <> onur
hons <> Hons
hont <> Hont
hooch <> alkol
hooch <> içki
hood <> örtü
hood <> örtme
hood <> üstün
hood <> başlı
hood <> dedan
hood <> körük
hood <> kapüş
hood <> katla
hood <> kukul
hood <> motor
hood <> sorgu
hood <> tepel
hooded <> başlı
hooded <> kapüş
hooded <> kukul
hooded <> sorgu
hooded <> tepel
hoodlum <> gangs
hoodlum <> haydu
hoodlum <> külha
hoodlum <> kabad
hoodlum <> serse
hoodlums <> kabad
hoodoo <> şanss
hoodoo <> büyü
hoodoo <> uğurs
hoodoo <> voodo
hoods <> davlu
hoodwink <> aldat
hoodwink <> göz 
hoodwink <> gözle
hoodwink <> gizle
hoodwink <> oyuna
hoodwinked <> Aldat
hooey <> boş 
hooey <> marta
hooey <> saçma
hooey <> zırva
hoof <> ayak
hoof <> dans
hoof <> toyna
hoof <> yaya
hoof <> yol 
hoofed <> toyna
hoofer <> dansç
hoofer <> revü
hoofs <> yeles
hook <> çalma
hook <> çenge
hook <> aşırm
hook <> bükme
hook <> dönem
hook <> kıvrı
hook <> kanca
hook <> kopça
hook <> kroşe
hook <> olta
hook <> parma
hook <> takıl
hook <> takma
hook <> tuzak
hook <> yakal
hooka <> nargi
hookah <> nargi
hookahs <> nargi
hooked <> çenge
hooked <> bağım
hooked <> bağlı
hooked <> bağla
hooked <> kanca
hooker <> balık
hooker <> fahiş
hooker <> kanca
hooker <> orosp
hookers <> fahiş
hookey <> okul
hooking <> çenge
hooks <> kanca
hookup <> anlaş
hookup <> bağla
hookup <> birle
hookup <> ittif
hookup <> karga
hookworm <> kanca
hooky <> okul
hooligan <> çetec
hooligan <> holig
hooligan <> kabad
hooligan <> serse
hooliganism <> kabad
hooliganism <> serse
hoop <> çığlı
hoop <> çembe
hoop <> öksür
hoop <> ötme
hoop <> ötmek
hoop <> bağır
hoop <> daire
hoop <> halka
hoop <> kasna
hoop <> pota
hoop <> potay
hoop <> yüzük
hooper <> çembe
hooper <> fıçıc
hooping <> boğma
hoopla <> çembe
hoopoe <> çavuş
hoopoe <> ibibi
hoops <> çembe
hooray <> hurra
hooray <> yaşa
hooray <> yaşas
hoot <> çalma
hoot <> ötmek
hoot <> bağır
hoot <> bayku
hoot <> düdük
hoot <> korna
hoot <> siren
hoot <> yuh
hoot <> yuhal
hootenanny <> Hoote
hooter <> burun
hooter <> düdük
hooter <> korna
hooter <> siren
hooter <> yuhal
hooters <> Hoote
hooting <> Gider
hoots <> Hoots
hoove <> mide
hoover <> elekt
hooves <> toyna
hop <> şerbe
hop <> atlam
hop <> bira
hop <> dans
hop <> hizme
hop <> hop
hop <> hopla
hop <> oynam
hop <> sıçra
hop <> sekme
hop <> uçuş
hop <> uyuşt
hop <> zıpla
hope <> ümit
hope <> arzu
hope <> bekle
hope <> istem
hope <> ummak
hope <> umut
hoped <> umut
hopeful <> ümit
hopeful <> ümitl
hopeful <> gelec
hopeful <> iyims
hopeful <> umutl
hopefully <> ümitl
hopefully <> inşal
hopefully <> umutl
hopefulness <> ümitl
hopefulness <> iyims
hopefulness <> umut
hopefuls <> adayl
hopeite <> Hopei
hopeless <> ümits
hopeless <> umut
hopeless <> umuts
hopelessly <> ümits
hopelessly <> korku
hopelessly <> tamam
hopelessly <> umuts
hopelessness <> ümits
hopelessness <> umuts
hopes <> umut
hoping <> ümitl
hoping <> umma
hoping <> umut
hoplite <> Hopli
hoplites <> Hopli
hopper <> besle
hopper <> dansç
hopper <> hopla
hopper <> huni
hopper <> sıçra
hoppers <> hazne
hopping <> atlam
hopping <> sekme
hops <> şerbe
hopscotch <> sekse
horal <> Horal
horary <> Horar
horas <> saat
horde <> göçeb
horde <> horda
horde <> izdih
horde <> kalab
horde <> sürü
horde <> topla
hordeolum <> Horde
hordes <> ordul
hordeum <> Horde
hore <> Hore
horizon <> anlay
horizon <> görüş
horizon <> ufuk
horizonal <> yatay
horizons <> ufukl
horizontal <> düz
horizontal <> ufka
horizontal <> yatay
horizontality <> yatay
horizontally <> yatay
horizontals <> Düşey
hormonal <> hormo
hormonally <> hormo
hormone <> hormo
hormones <> hormo
hormonized <> harmo
hormonotherapy <> hormo
horn <> ırmak
horn <> anten
horn <> bollu
horn <> boru
horn <> boynu
horn <> duyar
horn <> haliç
horn <> kalkm
horn <> kap 
horn <> klaks
horn <> korna
horn <> tosla
hornbeam <> gürge
hornblende <> hornb
hornblendes <> hornb
hornblendite <> Hornb
hornblower <> boru
hornbook <> çocuk
horned <> boynu
horner <> Horne
hornet <> eşeka
hornets <> Horne
horniest <> azgın
horning <> Horni
hornless <> boynu
hornpipe <> gemic
hornrimmed <> boynu
horns <> boynu
hornswoggle <> aldat
hornswoggle <> dolan
hornswoggle <> faka
hornswoggle <> işlet
hornswoggle <> kandı
horntail <> Boynu
hornwort <> Serat
horny <> azgın
horny <> boynu
horny <> dik
horny <> kalkm
horny <> nasır
horologe <> horol
horologe <> saat
horology <> zaman
horoscope <> burç
horoscope <> horos
horoscope <> yıldı
horoscoper <> yıldı
horoscopes <> burçl
horoscopic <> burç
horoscopy <> falcı
horrendous <> aşırı
horrendous <> dehşe
horrendous <> korku
horrible <> berba
horrible <> dehşe
horrible <> iğren
horrible <> kötü
horrible <> korku
horribly <> korku
horrid <> çirki
horrid <> berba
horrid <> iğren
horrid <> kötü
horrid <> korku
horrific <> aşırı
horrific <> dehşe
horrific <> korku
horrified <> dehşe
horrify <> şok 
horrify <> dehşe
horrify <> korku
horrify <> rezal
horrify <> sarsm
horrifying <> korku
horripilation <> tüyle
horror <> dehşe
horror <> iğren
horror <> korku
horror <> nefre
horrors <> dehşe
horse <> at
horse <> at 
horse <> ata 
horse <> aygır
horse <> beygi
horse <> eroin
horse <> süvar
horse <> sırtı
horse <> sehpa
horseback <> at
horsebean <> bakla
horsefair <> Horse
horsefly <> atsin
horsehair <> atkıl
horsehead <> At
horseheads <> Horse
horseleech <> atsül
horseless <> atsız
horseless <> yayan
horseman <> atlı
horseman <> binic
horsemanship <> binic
horsemen <> atlı
horseplay <> ağır
horseplay <> eşek
horsepower <> beygi
horserace <> at
horserace <> at 
horseracing <> at
horseracing <> at 
horseradish <> bayır
horseradish <> yaban
horses <> atlar
horseshit <> bir 
horseshit <> saçma
horseshoe <> at
horseshoe <> at 
horseshoe <> nal
horseshoer <> nalba
horseshoes <> nal
horsetail <> at
horsetail <> at 
horsetails <> Zırhl
horsewhip <> kırba
horsewhip <> kamçı
horsewoman <> ata 
horsewoman <> binic
horsey <> Horse
horsts <> horst
horsy <> at
horsy <> at 
horsy <> atlar
horsy <> seyis
hortative <> öğüt
hortative <> gayre
hortative <> teşvi
horticultural <> bahçı
horticultural <> bahçe
horticulture <> bahçı
horticulture <> bahçe
horticulturist <> bahçı
horticulturist <> bahçe
hortonolite <> Horto
hosanna <> şükür
hosanna <> şükre
hose <> çorap
hose <> hortu
hosen <> Hosen
hosepipe <> hortu
hoser <> Hoser
hoses <> hortu
hosier <> çorap
hosiery <> çorap
hosiery <> tuhaf
hospice <> düşkü
hospice <> darül
hospice <> rahip
hospices <> düşkü
hospitable <> ılıml
hospitable <> açık
hospitable <> konuk
hospitable <> misaf
hospital <> bakım
hospital <> darül
hospital <> hasta
hospital <> tamir
hospitalisation <> hasta
hospitalisation <> yatış
hospitalisations <> hasta
hospitalise <> hasta
hospitalised <> hasta
hospitality <> konuk
hospitality <> misaf
hospitalization <> hasta
hospitalization <> yatış
hospitalizations <> hasta
hospitalize <> hasta
hospitalized <> hasta
hospitaller <> hasta
hospitaller <> hayır
hospitallers <> Hospi
hospitals <> hasta
host <> çoklu
host <> ağırl
host <> ev
host <> evsah
host <> hancı
host <> kalab
host <> konuk
host <> kutsa
host <> ordu
hosta <> Hosta
hostage <> rehin
hostage <> temin
hostages <> rehin
hosted <> barın
hostel <> öğren
hostel <> han
hostel <> hoste
hostel <> pansi
hostel <> yurt
hostelling <> Hoste
hostelry <> han
hostels <> Pansi
hostess <> evsah
hostess <> hoste
hostess <> konso
hostess <> konuk
hostess <> resto
hostess <> sunuc
hostesses <> hoste
hostile <> düşma
hostile <> hasım
hostile <> muhal
hostiles <> Saldı
hostilities <> düşma
hostility <> düşma
hostility <> karşı
hostility <> kin
hostility <> muhal
hostings <> Hosti
hostler <> at 
hostler <> seyis
hot <> çalın
hot <> öfkey
hot <> ısınm
hot <> ısıtm
hot <> şehve
hot <> şidde
hot <> acı
hot <> acılı
hot <> ateşl
hot <> bahar
hot <> heyec
hot <> iletk
hot <> kızgı
hot <> radyo
hot <> rahat
hot <> sıcak
hot <> seksi
hot <> sert
hot <> taze
hot <> yeni
hotbed <> sera
hotbed <> yatak
hotbed <> yuva
hotbox <> Hotbo
hotchpot <> miras
hotchpotch <> karış
hotchpotch <> karma
hotchpotch <> sebze
hotchpotch <> türlü
hotdogs <> sosis
hotel <> otel
hotelier <> otel
hotelier <> otelc
hoteliers <> Otelc
hotels <> otell
hoten <> Hoten
hotes <> Hotes
hotfoot <> acele
hotfoot <> hakar
hothead <> asabi
hothead <> sinir
hothouse <> limon
hothouse <> sera
hothouses <> sera
hoting <> Hotin
hotkeys <> kısay
hotline <> hattı
hotlines <> hatla
hotly <> ateşl
hotplate <> ocak
hotplate <> porta
hotplate <> sıcak
hotplates <> ocak
hotpots <> Hotpo
hotshots <> en
hotspots <> nokta
hotspur <> Hotsp
hotspurs <> Hotsp
hottentot <> Hotte
hotter <> sıcak
hottest <> sıcak
hotwire <> Hotwi
hotwiring <> Düz
houdan <> Houda
hough <> Hough
hound <> aşağı
hound <> av 
hound <> gemi
hound <> hasta
hound <> it 
hound <> iz 
hound <> izlem
hound <> kışkı
hound <> merak
hound <> tahri
hound <> takip
hound <> tazı
hounded <> peşin
hounds <> Hound
hour <> saat
hour <> vakit
hour <> zaman
hourglass <> kum
hourglass <> kum 
hourglasses <> kum
houri <> huri
hourly <> devam
hourly <> sürek
hourly <> saat
hourly <> saatl
hourly <> saatt
hours <> mesai
hours <> saat
house <> şirke
house <> barın
house <> ev
house <> ev 
house <> evde
house <> eve 
house <> göste
house <> hane
house <> konut
house <> mecli
house <> meske
house <> sinem
house <> yurt
housebound <> evden
housebound <> yatal
houseboy <> House
houseboys <> House
housebreak <> evcil
housebreak <> soyma
housebreak <> terbi
housebreak <> yıkma
housebreaker <> hırsı
housebreaker <> yıkım
housebroken <> ehlil
housebroken <> evcil
housebroken <> terbi
housebuilding <> konut
housecat <> House
houseclean <> ev 
houseclean <> isten
houseclean <> tasfi
houseclean <> temiz
housecleaning <> temiz
housecoat <> sabah
housed <> barın
houseflies <> karas
housefly <> karas
housefly <> sinek
household <> ev
household <> ev 
household <> eve 
household <> her 
householder <> aile
householder <> evsah
householders <> evsah
households <> hane
househusband <> ev
househusband <> ev 
housekeep <> ev
housekeep <> ev 
housekeeper <> ev 
housekeeper <> idare
housekeeper <> otel
housekeepers <> House
housekeeping <> ev
housekeeping <> ev 
housekeeping <> otel
housemaid <> hizme
housemaid <> oda 
housemaids <> hizme
houseman <> House
housemaster <> yatıl
housemate <> ev
housemate <> ev 
housemother <> yurt
houseowner <> evsah
houser <> House
houses <> evler
houseware <> ev
housewares <> Zücca
housewarming <> yeni
housewife <> dikiş
housewife <> ev
housewife <> ev 
housewifely <> en
housewifely <> en 
housewifery <> ev
housewifery <> ev 
housewifes <> ev
housewive <> ev
housewives <> ev
housework <> ev
housework <> ev 
housing <> at 
housing <> barın
housing <> ev
housing <> ev 
housing <> evler
housing <> hâşâ
housing <> iskân
housing <> konut
housing <> toplu
housings <> gövde
hovel <> ağıl
hovel <> ahır
hovel <> kulüb
hoveler <> kazaz
hoveller <> kazaz
hovels <> roman
hoven <> Hoven
hover <> üstün
hover <> civci
hover <> durak
hover <> etraf
hover <> salla
hovercraft <> hover
hovercraft <> karad
hovercrafts <> hover
hovered <> süpür
hovering <> gezin
hoverport <> hover
hovers <> Hover
how <> nasıl
how <> ne
how <> ne 
how <> nered
how <> yönte
how <> yapma
howardite <> Hovar
howbeit <> buna
howbeit <> bunun
howbeit <> yine
howdah <> semer
howden <> Howde
howdy <> Defte
howe <> kabil
howell <> Howel
howells <> Howel
howes <> Howes
however <> Ancak
however <> ama
however <> ancak
however <> halbu
however <> her 
however <> nasıl
however <> oysa
howitzer <> havan
howitzers <> obüs
howl <> bağır
howl <> ferya
howl <> havla
howl <> inlem
howl <> kahka
howl <> uğuld
howl <> uğult
howl <> uluma
howled <> uluyo
howler <> bağır
howler <> gaf
howler <> komik
howler <> uluya
howlers <> budal
howling <> çok 
howling <> inlem
howling <> inley
howling <> kasve
howling <> muazz
howling <> uğult
howling <> uluma
howling <> uluya
howlite <> Hovli
howls <> uluyo
howsoever <> her
howsoever <> her 
hox <> HOX
hoy <> hey
hoy <> ho
hoy <> küçük
hoy <> mavna
hoya <> Hoya
hoyas <> Hoyas
hoyden <> arsız
hoyden <> erkek
hoydenish <> erkek
hoydenish <> yaram
hoyle <> Hoyle
hryvnia <> Grivn
huaca <> Huaca
hub <> en 
hub <> merke
hub <> poyra
hub <> teker
hubba <> Hubba
hubbub <> şamat
hubbub <> gürül
hubbub <> karma
hubbub <> velve
hubby <> koca
hubby <> kocac
hubcap <> jant
hubner <> Hubne
hubris <> aşırı
hubris <> kasıl
hubris <> kibir
hubristic <> aşırı
hubristic <> kibir
hubs <> hub
huch <> Huch
huck <> Huck
huckle <> but
huckle <> kalça
huckleberry <> Ameri
huckster <> güven
huckster <> işpor
huckster <> madra
huckster <> parag
huckster <> pazar
huckster <> reklâ
huckster <> seyya
hud <> Hud
huddle <> acele
huddle <> bir 
huddle <> kalab
huddle <> karış
huddle <> sürü
huddle <> tıkış
huddle <> topla
huddle <> yığın
hudges <> Hudge
hue <> renk
hued <> renkl
hues <> tonla
huff <> burnu
huff <> dargı
huff <> dayıl
huff <> gücen
huff <> huysu
huff <> küsme
huff <> küstü
huff <> kızdı
huff <> kızma
huff <> keyif
huff <> somur
huffiness <> öfke
huffiness <> dargı
huffiness <> kızgı
huffish <> dargı
huffish <> gücen
huffish <> içerl
huffish <> kolay
huffish <> sinir
huffy <> dargı
huffy <> içerl
huffy <> kızgı
huffy <> kolay
huffy <> sinir
hug <> dört
hug <> kıyıd
hug <> kucak
hug <> sarıl
huge <> ayı 
huge <> dağ 
huge <> dev
huge <> dev 
huge <> kocam
huge <> kosko
huge <> muazz
huge <> olağa
hugely <> derec
hugely <> dev 
hugely <> kocam
hugely <> olağa
hugeness <> büyük
hugeness <> olağa
huger <> iri
hugged <> sarıl
hugger <> sır
hugging <> kucak
hugging <> sarıl
huh <> ha
huh <> ha 
huh <> nasıl
huh <> ne
huis <> Huis
hulan <> Hulan
hule <> Hule
hulk <> gemi
hulk <> hulk
hulk <> hurda
hulk <> iri 
hulking <> hanta
hulking <> iri 
hulking <> kocam
hulky <> hanta
hulky <> iri
hulky <> iri 
hulky <> kocam
hull <> çerez
hull <> gövde
hull <> gemi
hull <> gemin
hull <> kabuğ
hull <> kabuk
hull <> tekne
hullabaloo <> gürül
hullabaloo <> velve
hullabaloo <> yayga
hulled <> Soyul
huller <> KABUK
hullo <> alo
hullo <> maşal
hullo <> merha
hullo <> vay 
hullo <> yahu
hulls <> gövde
hum <> hımla
hum <> harıl
hum <> mırıl
hum <> uğuld
hum <> uğult
hum <> vınla
hum <> vızıl
hum <> vızır
huma <> Huma
human <> beşer
human <> insan
humane <> hüman
humane <> insan
humane <> iyili
humane <> yufka
humanely <> insan
humaneness <> şefkâ
humaneness <> insan
humaneness <> sevec
humanise <> insan
humanises <> insan
humanism <> hüman
humanism <> insan
humanist <> hüman
humanist <> insan
humanist <> yardı
humanistic <> hüman
humanistic <> insan
humanistically <> insan
humanists <> hüman
humanitarian <> insan
humanitarian <> iyili
humanitarian <> kendi
humanitarian <> yardı
humanitarianism <> hayır
humanitarianism <> insan
humanitarianism <> yardı
humanitarians <> insan
humanities <> Yunan
humanities <> beşer
humanities <> hüman
humanity <> insan
humanity <> kişil
humanity <> yardı
humanization <> insan
humanize <> insan
humanized <> human
humanizing <> insan
humankind <> ademo
humankind <> beşer
humankind <> insan
humanly <> insan
humanoid <> İnsan
humanoids <> larda
humans <> insan
humas <> Humas
humate <> humat
humble <> alçak
humble <> basit
humble <> mütev
humble <> nâçiz
humblebee <> hezen
humblebee <> tüylü
humblebee <> yaban
humbled <> boyun
humbleness <> alçak
humbleness <> tevaz
humbler <> alçak
humbles <> mütev
humblest <> mütev
humbly <> alçak
humbug <> üçkâğ
humbug <> şarla
humbug <> aldat
humbug <> hile
humbug <> kazık
humbug <> nane
humbug <> riyak
humdinger <> mükem
humdinger <> olağa
humdrum <> can 
humdrum <> monot
humdrum <> sıkıc
humdrum <> tekdü
humectant <> nemle
humectants <> nemle
humectation <> nemle
humectation <> nemli
humen <> Humen
humeral <> kol 
humeral <> omuz
humerus <> humer
humerus <> kol 
humerus <> omuz
humerus <> pazı
humic <> humik
humid <> nemli
humid <> rutub
humid <> yaş
humidification <> nemle
humidified <> nemle
humidifier <> nemle
humidifier <> rutub
humidifiers <> nemle
humidifies <> nemle
humidify <> nemle
humidifying <> nemle
humidities <> nem
humidity <> nem
humidity <> rutub
humification <> Humif
humiliate <> aşağı
humiliate <> küçük
humiliate <> utand
humiliated <> aşağı
humiliates <> aşağı
humiliating <> aşağı
humiliating <> küçük
humiliating <> küçül
humiliatingly <> küçük
humiliation <> aşağı
humiliation <> alçal
humiliation <> küçük
humiliation <> rezil
humiliations <> aşağı
humility <> alçak
humility <> tevaz
humite <> Hümit
hummel <> boynu
hummels <> Humme
hummer <> humme
hummer <> vınla
humming <> canlı
humming <> kıpır
humming <> mırıl
humming <> uğuld
humming <> uğult
humming <> vınla
humming <> vızıl
humming <> vızır
hummingbird <> kolib
hummingbird <> sinek
hummingbirds <> sinek
hummock <> tümse
hummock <> tepec
hummus <> humus
humor <> şaka
humor <> altta
humor <> ayak
humor <> espri
humor <> güldü
humor <> hoşun
humor <> huy
humor <> keyif
humor <> memnu
humor <> mizaç
humor <> mizah
humor <> neşe
humor <> ruh 
humor <> salgı
humor <> suyun
humored <> uysal
humoresque <> harek
humoresque <> kapri
humorist <> şakac
humorist <> espri
humorist <> mizah
humorist <> nükte
humoristic <> şakac
humoristic <> espri
humoristic <> nükte
humorists <> Mizah
humorless <> şakad
humorless <> espri
humorless <> keyif
humorous <> gülün
humorous <> komik
humorous <> nükte
humorously <> mizah
humorousness <> şakac
humorousness <> espri
humorousness <> komik
humorousness <> mizah
humour <> şaka
humour <> altta
humour <> ayak
humour <> espri
humour <> güldü
humour <> hoşun
humour <> huy
humour <> keyif
humour <> memnu
humour <> mizaç
humour <> mizah
humour <> neşe
humour <> ruh 
humour <> salgı
humour <> suyun
humoured <> uysal
humourist <> mizah
humourless <> şakad
humourless <> espri
humourless <> keyif
humourous <> gülün
humourous <> komik
humourous <> nükte
humourously <> mizah
humoursome <> kapri
hump <> cinse
hump <> gayre
hump <> hörgü
hump <> huzur
hump <> ilişk
hump <> kambu
hump <> rahat
hump <> sırtı
hump <> tümse
hump <> tepe
humpback <> hörgü
humpback <> kambu
humpbacked <> hörgü
humpbacked <> kambu
humped <> kambu
humped <> tümse
humped <> tepel
humph <> öf
humph <> şüphe
humph <> hım
humph <> of
humph <> püf
humping <> çabal
humping <> gayre
humpty <> bodur
humpy <> kambu
humpy <> tümse
humpy <> tepel
hums <> mırın
humulin <> Humul
humungous <> HUMUN
humus <> humus
humvee <> Humve
humvees <> Humve
hun <> Alman
hun <> Hun
hun <> Hunlu
hun <> barba
hun <> hun
hunch <> çömel
hunch <> önsez
hunch <> eğilm
hunch <> hörgü
hunch <> kambu
hunch <> topak
hunchback <> kambu
hunchbacked <> kambu
hunches <> önsez
hundred <> yüz
hundred <> yüzlü
hundredfold <> yüz
hundredfold <> yüz 
hundreds <> yüzle
hundredth <> yüzün
hundredth <> yüzde
hundredweight <> elli
hung <> asılı
hungary <> Macar
hunger <> özlem
hunger <> aç 
hunger <> açlık
hunger <> arzu
hunger <> hasre
hunger <> istek
hungered <> susad
hungerer <> Hunge
hungering <> açlık
hungers <> açlığ
hungover <> akşam
hungrier <> daha
hungriness <> açlığ
hungry <> aç
hungry <> acıkm
hungry <> karnı
hunk <> iri
hunk <> iri 
hunks <> Hunks
hunky <> Hunky
huns <> Hunla
hunt <> arama
hunt <> av
hunt <> av 
hunt <> avcı
hunt <> avda
hunt <> avlam
hunt <> avlan
hunt <> koval
hunte <> avcıl
hunted <> avlan
hunter <> avcı
hunter <> kapak
hunters <> avcıl
hunting <> arama
hunting <> av
hunting <> avcı
hunting <> avcıl
hunting <> avlan
hunting <> takip
huntings <> avlan
huntington <> Hunti
huntite <> hunti
huntress <> avcı
huntress <> kadın
hunts <> avı
huntsman <> av 
huntsman <> avcı
huntsman <> erkek
hurden <> Hurde
hurdle <> çit
hurdle <> çit 
hurdle <> üstes
hurdle <> engel
hurdle <> güçlü
hurdle <> halle
hurdle <> parma
hurdle <> sorun
hurdle <> yarış
hurdler <> engel
hurdles <> engel
hurl <> İrlan
hurl <> atma
hurl <> atmak
hurl <> fırla
hurl <> savur
hurl <> yağdı
hurled <> fırla
hurlers <> atıcı
hurling <> İrlan
hurls <> fırla
hurly <> Hurly
hurra <> yaşas
hurrah <> hurra
hurrah <> yaşa
hurrah <> yaşas
hurray <> hurra
hurray <> yaşa
hurray <> yaşas
hurricane <> fırtı
hurricane <> kasır
hurricanes <> kasır
hurried <> acele
hurried <> telaş
hurriedly <> acele
hurriedly <> alela
hurriedly <> apar
hurriedly <> paldı
hurrier <> ustab
hurries <> acele
hurry <> çabuk
hurry <> acele
hurry <> hızla
hurry <> sıkış
hurry <> telaş
hurrying <> acele
hurst <> ağaçl
hurst <> orman
hurst <> sahil
hurt <> üzünt
hurt <> ızdır
hurt <> ağrım
hurt <> acı
hurt <> acıma
hurt <> acıtm
hurt <> bere
hurt <> canın
hurt <> gücen
hurt <> incin
hurt <> incit
hurt <> kâlbi
hurt <> küstü
hurt <> kırgı
hurt <> kırma
hurt <> renci
hurt <> sızı
hurt <> yara
hurt <> yaral
hurt <> zarar
hurtful <> acı 
hurtful <> acıkl
hurtful <> incit
hurtful <> yaral
hurtful <> zarar
hurtfully <> can
hurting <> zarar
hurtle <> çarpm
hurtle <> fırla
hurtle <> savur
hurtle <> ses 
hurtleberry <> yaban
hurtling <> savru
hurts <> acıyo
husband <> eş
husband <> efend
husband <> idare
husband <> koca
husbanding <> belde
husbandly <> kocan
husbandman <> çiftç
husbandry <> çiftç
husbandry <> idare
husbandry <> tarım
husbandry <> tutum
husbands <> kocal
hush <> örtba
hush <> gizle
hush <> hişt
hush <> sükun
hush <> sakin
hush <> sessi
hush <> sus
hush <> susku
hush <> susma
hush <> sustu
hush <> yatış
hushaby <> uyu
hushaby <> uyu 
hushed <> dingi
hushed <> sakin
hushed <> sessi
husk <> kılıf
husk <> kabuğ
husk <> kabuk
husked <> aşure
husker <> kabuk
huskies <> Huski
huskily <> boğuk
huskiness <> boğuk
huskiness <> kısık
husking <> kabuk
husking <> mısır
husks <> kabuk
husky <> Eskim
husky <> boğuk
husky <> dinç
husky <> iri 
husky <> kısık
husky <> kabuk
husky <> kapı
husky <> sağlı
huso <> Huso
huss <> Huss
hussar <> hafif
hussars <> süvar
hussy <> şirre
hussy <> aşift
hussy <> civel
hussy <> edeps
hustings <> seçim
hustle <> çabuk
hustle <> acele
hustle <> dürtm
hustle <> fahiş
hustle <> hile
hustle <> hustl
hustle <> itele
hustle <> itişi
hustle <> itmek
hustle <> ivedi
hustle <> koşuş
hustle <> sıkış
hustle <> sıkbo
hustle <> yalta
hustler <> dolan
hustler <> eli 
hustler <> fahiş
hustling <> dişli
hustling <> itişi
hut <> barın
hut <> barak
hut <> kümes
hut <> kulüb
hutch <> ambar
hutch <> barak
hutch <> dolap
hutch <> kömür
hutch <> kümes
hutch <> kafes
hutch <> kulüb
hutches <> barak
hutchinsonite <> Hutçi
hutment <> kamp
hutment <> karar
huts <> kulüb
huxter <> Huxte
huzoor <> Huzoo
huzza <> hurra
huzza <> yaşa
huzza <> yaşas
huzzah <> Huzza
huzzy <> şirre
huzzy <> aşift
huzzy <> civel
huzzy <> edeps
hyacinth <> Yemen
hyacinth <> sümbü
hyacinthine <> sümbü
hyacinths <> sümbü
hyacinthus <> Hyaci
hyaena <> sırtl
hyaline <> şeffa
hyaline <> bulut
hyaline <> cam 
hyaline <> sakin
hyalinization <> hiyal
hyalinizing <> hiyal
hyalinosis <> hyali
hyalite <> Hiyal
hyalobasalt <> Hiyal
hyaloid <> şeffa
hyaloid <> cam 
hyaloid <> camlı
hyaloid <> sayda
hyalophane <> Hiyal
hyalopilitic <> hyalo
hyalotekite <> Hiyal
hyaluronate <> hyalu
hyaluronic <> hyalu
hyaluronidase <> hyalu
hybrid <> azman
hybrid <> kırma
hybrid <> karış
hybrid <> melez
hybridisation <> hibri
hybridisations <> hibri
hybridised <> hibri
hybridity <> melez
hybridization <> melez
hybridize <> melez
hybridized <> melez
hybridoma <> hibri
hybrids <> melez
hybris <> Hybri
hydantoin <> hidan
hydantoins <> hidan
hydatid <> hidat
hydatidiform <> hidat
hydatidosis <> kist
hydatiform <> hidat
hydra <> çok 
hydra <> Suyıl
hydra <> hidra
hydra <> püskü
hydra <> polip
hydralazine <> hidra
hydranencephaly <> hidra
hydrangea <> ortan
hydrangeas <> ortan
hydrant <> hidra
hydrant <> hortu
hydrant <> yangı
hydrants <> hidra
hydratase <> hidra
hydrate <> hidra
hydrate <> söndü
hydrate <> su 
hydrate <> sulam
hydrate <> sulu
hydrated <> sulu
hydrates <> nemle
hydrating <> nemle
hydration <> hidra
hydrator <> nemle
hydraulic <> hidro
hydraulic <> su 
hydraulical <> Hidro
hydraulically <> hidro
hydraulics <> hidro
hydraulics <> su 
hydrazide <> hidra
hydrazides <> Hidra
hydrazine <> hidra
hydrazines <> hidra
hydrazoic <> hidra
hydrazone <> Hidra
hydrazones <> Hidra
hydric <> hidro
hydrid <> Hydri
hydride <> hidro
hydrides <> hidrü
hydro <> ılıca
hydro <> deniz
hydro <> hidro
hydro <> kaplı
hydrobiological <> hidro
hydrobiology <> hidro
hydrobomb <> hidro
hydroboracite <> Hidro
hydroboration <> Hidro
hydrobromic <> hidro
hydrocarbon <> hidro
hydrocarbonate <> hidro
hydrocarbons <> hidro
hydrocele <> hidro
hydrocelectomy <> hidro
hydroceles <> hidro
hydrocephalus <> hidro
hydrocephaly <> hidro
hydrocerussite <> Hidro
hydrochemical <> hidro
hydrochemistry <> Hidro
hydrochloric <> hidro
hydrochloride <> hidro
hydrochlorothiazide <> hidro
hydrocolloid <> hidro
hydrocolloids <> hidro
hydrocortisone <> hidro
hydrocrack <> HYDRO
hydrocracker <> Hydro
hydrocracking <> Hidro
hydrocyanic <> salın
hydrodynamic <> hidro
hydrodynamical <> hidro
hydrodynamically <> hidro
hydrodynamics <> hidro
hydroelectric <> hidro
hydroelectrical <> Hidro
hydroelectricity <> hidro
hydrofluoric <> hidro
hydrofluorocarbons <> hidro
hydroforming <> hidro
hydrogel <> hidro
hydrogels <> hidro
hydrogen <> hidro
hydrogenase <> hidro
hydrogenated <> hidro
hydrogenation <> hidro
hydrogenic <> Hidro
hydrogenised <> hidro
hydrogenosomes <> hidro
hydrogenous <> hidro
hydrogens <> hidro
hydrogeologic <> hidro
hydrogeological <> hidro
hydrogeologists <> Hidro
hydrogeology <> hidro
hydrograph <> hidro
hydrographic <> hidro
hydrographical <> hidro
hydrographs <> hidro
hydrography <> hidro
hydrography <> yeral
hydroiodic <> hidro
hydrolase <> hidro
hydrolases <> hidro
hydrolized <> hidro
hydrologic <> hidro
hydrological <> hidro
hydrologists <> hidro
hydrology <> hidro
hydrolysable <> hidro
hydrolysate <> hidro
hydrolysates <> Hidro
hydrolyse <> hidro
hydrolysed <> hidro
hydrolyses <> hidro
hydrolysing <> hidro
hydrolysis <> hidro
hydrolytic <> hidro
hydrolyzable <> hidro
hydrolyzate <> hidro
hydrolyzates <> hidro
hydrolyze <> hidro
hydrolyzed <> hidro
hydrolyzes <> hidro
hydrolyzing <> hidro
hydromagnesite <> hidro
hydromassage <> hidro
hydromechanical <> hidro
hydromechanics <> Hidro
hydrometallurgical <> hidro
hydrometallurgy <> hidro
hydrometeorological <> hidro
hydrometeorology <> hidro
hydrometer <> hidro
hydrometers <> hidro
hydrometric <> hidro
hydrometry <> Hidro
hydromorphic <> hidro
hydromorphone <> hidro
hydromotor <> hidro
hydromotors <> hidro
hydronaut <> hidro
hydrone <> Hydro
hydronephrosis <> hidro
hydronephrotic <> hidro
hydronic <> hidro
hydronium <> hidro
hydropathist <> hidro
hydropathist <> su 
hydropathy <> hidro
hydropathy <> su 
hydroperoxide <> hidro
hydroperoxides <> hidro
hydrophil <> Hidro
hydrophile <> hidro
hydrophilic <> hidro
hydrophilicity <> hidro
hydrophilidae <> Hydro
hydrophobia <> hidro
hydrophobia <> kuduz
hydrophobia <> sudan
hydrophobic <> hidro
hydrophobicity <> hidro
hydrophone <> hidro
hydrophones <> hidro
hydrophonic <> Hidro
hydrophore <> hidro
hydrophores <> hidro
hydrophyte <> su
hydrophyte <> su 
hydrophyte <> yosun
hydrophytic <> sucul
hydropic <> hidro
hydroplane <> deniz
hydroplane <> sürat
hydropneumatic <> hidro
hydropneumothorax <> hidro
hydroponics <> suda
hydropotes <> Hydro
hydropower <> hidro
hydrops <> hidro
hydroquinone <> hidro
hydros <> Hydro
hydrosalpinx <> hidro
hydroscope <> hidro
hydroscopic <> hidro
hydrosilicate <> hidro
hydrosol <> HYDRO
hydrosphere <> hidro
hydrosphere <> sukür
hydrostatic <> hidro
hydrostatic <> su 
hydrostatically <> hidro
hydrostatics <> hidro
hydrostatics <> su 
hydrosulfite <> hidro
hydrotherapy <> hidro
hydrothermal <> hidro
hydrothermally <> hidro
hydrothorax <> hidro
hydroureter <> hidro
hydrous <> sulu
hydroxide <> hidro
hydroxides <> hidro
hydroxy <> hidro
hydroxyacetic <> hidro
hydroxyacid <> hidro
hydroxyamphetamine <> hidro
hydroxyanisole <> hidro
hydroxyapatite <> hidro
hydroxybenzoate <> hidro
hydroxybenzoic <> hidro
hydroxybutyrate <> hidro
hydroxybutyric <> hidro
hydroxychloroquine <> hidro
hydroxydopamine <> hidro
hydroxyethyl <> hidro
hydroxyflavone <> hidro
hydroxyflavones <> Hidro
hydroxyl <> hidro
hydroxylamine <> hidro
hydroxylapatite <> hidro
hydroxylase <> hidro
hydroxylated <> hidro
hydroxylation <> hidro
hydroxyls <> hidro
hydroxylysine <> hidro
hydroxymethyl <> hidro
hydroxymethylglutaryl <> hidro
hydroxymethyltransferase <> hidro
hydroxyphenyl <> hidro
hydroxyprogesterone <> hidro
hydroxyproline <> hidro
hydroxypropyl <> hidro
hydroxystearate <> hidro
hydroxysteroid <> hidro
hydroxytoluene <> hidro
hydroxytryptamine <> hidro
hydroxyurea <> hidro
hydroxyzine <> hidro
hydrozoa <> Hidro
hyena <> sırtl
hyenas <> sırtl
hygeia <> Hygei
hygiene <> hijen
hygiene <> temiz
hygienic <> Hijye
hygienic <> hijen
hygienic <> sağlı
hygienic <> temiz
hygienical <> hijye
hygienically <> Hijye
hygienics <> hijen
hygienics <> sağlı
hygienist <> hijen
hygienist <> sağlı
hygienists <> hijye
hygiology <> Sağlı
hygroma <> higro
hygrometer <> higro
hygrometer <> nemöl
hygrometers <> higro
hygrometry <> higro
hygrometry <> nem 
hygroscopic <> higro
hygroscopicity <> higro
hygrostat <> higro
hygrostats <> higro
hyke <> Hyke
hyla <> Hyla
hylas <> Hylas
hymen <> evlen
hymen <> evlil
hymen <> kızlı
hymenolepis <> Hymen
hymenoptera <> zarka
hymn <> ilâhi
hymn <> ilahi
hymn <> milli
hymn <> ulusa
hymnal <> ilâhi
hymnal <> ilahi
hymnary <> ilahi
hymnic <> ilâhi
hymnody <> ilâhi
hymns <> ilahi
hynde <> Hynde
hynes <> Hynes
hyoid <> dil
hyoid <> dil 
hyoscine <> hiyos
hyoscyamus <> Hyosc
hypabyssal <> damar
hypaethral <> açık
hype <> şırın
hype <> aldat
hype <> uyuşt
hype <> yanıl
hype <> yuttu
hyped <> sinir
hyper <> hiper
hyperabduction <> hiper
hyperabsorption <> afl
hyperacidity <> asit
hyperactivation <> hiper
hyperactive <> hiper
hyperactivity <> Hiper
hyperacuity <> hiper
hyperacusis <> hiper
hyperacute <> hiper
hyperaemia <> hiper
hyperaemic <> hiper
hyperaldosteronism <> hiper
hyperalgesia <> hiper
hyperalgesic <> hiper
hyperalimentation <> hiper
hyperandrogenism <> hiper
hyperarousal <> aşırı
hyperbaric <> hiper
hyperbilirubinaemia <> hiper
hyperbilirubinemia <> hiper
hyperbola <> hiper
hyperbole <> abart
hyperbole <> mübâl
hyperboles <> abart
hyperbolic <> abart
hyperbolical <> abart
hyperboloid <> hiper
hyperborean <> hyper
hyperborean <> sonsu
hyperboreans <> Hiper
hypercalcaemia <> hiper
hypercalcaemic <> hiper
hypercalcemia <> hiper
hypercalcemias <> hiper
hypercalcemic <> Hiper
hypercalciuria <> hiper
hypercapnia <> hiper
hypercapnic <> hiper
hypercarbia <> hiper
hypercarbic <> hiper
hypercatabolic <> hiper
hypercatabolism <> hiper
hyperchloraemic <> hiper
hypercholesterolaemia <> hiper
hypercholesterolemia <> hiper
hypercholesterolemic <> hiper
hyperchromasia <> hiper
hyperchromatic <> hiper
hypercoagulability <> hiper
hypercoagulable <> koagü
hypercorrect <> en 
hypercorrect <> kesin
hypercortisolism <> hiper
hypercritical <> aşırı
hypercritical <> detay
hypercritical <> titiz
hypercube <> hiper
hypercycle <> Hiper
hypercycles <> hiper
hyperdynamic <> hiper
hyperechoic <> hiper
hyperemesis <> Hiper
hyperemetic <> Hyper
hyperemia <> hiper
hyperemic <> hiper
hypereosinophilia <> hiper
hypereosinophilic <> hiper
hyperesthesia <> hiper
hyperexcitability <> hiper
hyperexcitable <> hiper
hyperextension <> hiper
hyperfibrinolysis <> artmı
hyperfine <> aşırı
hyperfocal <> hiper
hyperfunction <> hiper
hyperfunctional <> hiper
hypergeometric <> hiper
hyperglycaemia <> hiper
hyperglycaemic <> hiper
hyperglycemia <> hiper
hyperglycemic <> hiper
hypergolic <> hiper
hypergonadotropic <> hiper
hypergravity <> hiper
hyperhidrosis <> hiper
hyperhydration <> hiper
hypericin <> hiper
hypericum <> Hyper
hyperimmune <> hiper
hyperimmunoglobulin <> hiper
hyperinflation <> hiper
hyperinflationary <> Yükse
hyperinsulinaemia <> hiper
hyperinsulinism <> hiper
hyperintense <> hiper
hyperkalaemia <> hiper
hyperkalaemic <> hiper
hyperkalemia <> hiper
hyperkeratinization <> hiper
hyperkeratoses <> hiper
hyperkeratosis <> hiper
hyperkeratotic <> hiper
hyperkinesia <> hiper
hyperkinesias <> hiper
hyperkinetic <> hiper
hyperleukocytosis <> hiper
hyperlink <> köprü
hyperlinked <> köprü
hyperlinking <> Hiper
hyperlinks <> köprü
hyperlipemic <> hiper
hyperlipidaemia <> hiper
hyperlipidemia <> hiper
hyperlipidemic <> hiper
hyperlipoproteinaemia <> hiper
hyperlucent <> sayda
hypermarket <> hiper
hypermarkets <> hiper
hypermature <> hiper
hypermetabolic <> hiper
hypermetabolism <> hiper
hypermetamorphosis <> hiper
hypermetropia <> hiper
hypermetropic <> hiper
hypermobility <> hiper
hypernatraemia <> hiper
hypernatremia <> hiper
hypernephroma <> hiper
hyperoncotic <> hiper
hyperons <> Hiper
hyperopia <> hiper
hyperopic <> hiper
hyperorality <> hiper
hyperosmolar <> hiper
hyperosmolarity <> hiper
hyperosmotic <> hiper
hyperostosis <> hiper
hyperoxaluria <> hiper
hyperoxia <> hiper
hyperparathyroidism <> hiper
hyperperistalsis <> hipop
hyperphagia <> hiper
hyperphosphatasia <> hiper
hyperphosphatemia <> hiper
hyperpigmentation <> hiper
hyperpigmented <> hiper
hyperplane <> altdü
hyperplanes <> hiper
hyperplasia <> hiper
hyperplasias <> hiper
hyperplasic <> hiper
hyperplastic <> hiper
hyperpnea <> hiper
hyperpolarized <> hiper
hyperpolarizes <> hiper
hyperpolarizing <> hiper
hyperprolactinaemia <> hiper
hyperprolactinemia <> hiper
hyperproliferation <> hiper
hyperpyrexia <> hiper
hyperreactive <> hiper
hyperreactivity <> hiper
hyperrealism <> Hiper
hyperreflexia <> hiper
hyperreflexive <> hiper
hyperresonance <> hiper
hypersalivation <> hiper
hypersecretion <> hiper
hypersensitive <> aşırı
hypersensitive <> alerj
hypersensitive <> duyar
hypersensitivities <> hiper
hypersensitivity <> aşırı
hypersexuality <> hiper
hypersomnia <> hiper
hypersomnolence <> hiper
hypersonic <> hiper
hypersonic <> seste
hyperspace <> Hiper
hyperspeed <> Hyper
hypersplenism <> hiper
hyperstatic <> Hiper
hypersthene <> Hiper
hyperstimulation <> hiper
hypersurface <> hiper
hypersurfaces <> hiper
hypertelorism <> hiper
hypertension <> hiper
hypertension <> yükse
hypertensive <> hiper
hypertensives <> hiper
hypertexts <> hiper
hyperthelia <> hyper
hyperthermal <> hiper
hyperthermia <> hiper
hyperthermic <> hiper
hyperthophic <> hiper
hyperthymic <> hiper
hyperthyroid <> hiper
hyperthyroidism <> hiper
hypertonia <> hiper
hypertonic <> hiper
hypertonicity <> hiper
hypertonus <> hiper
hypertony <> hiper
hypertrichosis <> hiper
hypertriglyceridaemia <> hiper
hypertriglyceridemia <> hiper
hypertrophic <> hiper
hypertrophied <> hiper
hypertrophies <> hiper
hypertrophy <> aşırı
hypertrophy <> hiper
hypertropia <> hiper
hyperuricaemia <> hiper
hyperuricemia <> hiper
hypervascular <> hiper
hypervascularity <> hiper
hyperventilate <> nefes
hyperventilation <> hiper
hyperviscosity <> hiper
hypervitaminosis <> Hiper
hypethral <> açık
hyphae <> hif
hyphal <> hifal
hyphema <> hifem
hyphen <> tire
hyphenate <> tire
hyphenated <> tire
hyphenation <> hecel
hyphenation <> tire
hyphens <> tire
hypnic <> hipni
hypnoanalysis <> hipno
hypnopompic <> hipno
hypnos <> Hypno
hypnosis <> hipno
hypnosis <> ipnoz
hypnotherapy <> hipno
hypnotic <> hipno
hypnotic <> ipnot
hypnotics <> hipno
hypnotise <> hipno
hypnotised <> hipno
hypnotising <> büyül
hypnotism <> hipno
hypnotism <> ipnot
hypnotist <> hipno
hypnotist <> ipnot
hypnotizable <> hipno
hypnotization <> ipnot
hypnotize <> büyül
hypnotize <> cezbe
hypnotize <> ipnot
hypnotize <> uyutm
hypnotized <> hipno
hypnotizing <> hipno
hypo <> hipo
hypoactive <> hipoa
hypoactivity <> hipoa
hypoadrenalism <> hipoa
hypoalbuminemia <> hipoa
hypoallergenic <> hipoa
hypobaric <> hipob
hypocalcaemia <> hipok
hypocalcemia <> hipok
hypocalcemic <> hipok
hypocapnia <> hipok
hypocaust <> hypok
hypocausts <> hypok
hypocellularity <> hipos
hypochloraemia <> hipok
hypochloraemic <> hipok
hypochloremia <> hipok
hypochloremic <> hipok
hypochlorhydria <> hipok
hypochlorite <> hipok
hypochlorites <> hipok
hypochlorous <> hipok
hypochondria <> evham
hypochondria <> hasta
hypochondria <> hipok
hypochondria <> kurun
hypochondria <> melan
hypochondriac <> evham
hypochondriac <> hasta
hypochondriac <> hipok
hypochondriac <> kurun
hypochondriacal <> hipok
hypochondriasis <> hipok
hypochromic <> hipok
hypocitraturia <> hipos
hypocomplementemia <> hipok
hypocomplementemic <> hipok
hypocotyl <> hipok
hypocotyls <> hipok
hypocrisy <> iki
hypocrisy <> iki 
hypocrisy <> riyak
hypocrite <> iki
hypocrite <> iki 
hypocrites <> münaf
hypocritic <> İki
hypocritical <> iki
hypocritical <> iki 
hypocritically <> ikiyü
hypocrystalline <> hipok
hypodermal <> hipod
hypodermic <> deria
hypodermis <> hipod
hypodiploidy <> hipod
hypoechoic <> hipoe
hypoesthesia <> hipoe
hypofunction <> hipof
hypogammaglobulinemia <> hipog
hypogastric <> hipog
hypogene <> Hipoj
hypogenesis <> hipog
hypogeum <> Hypog
hypoglossal <> hipog
hypoglossus <> hipog
hypoglycaemia <> hipog
hypoglycaemic <> hipog
hypoglycemia <> hipog
hypoglycemic <> hipog
hypoglycemics <> hipog
hypogonadal <> hipog
hypogonadism <> hipog
hypogonadotropic <> hipog
hypohidrotic <> hipoh
hypoid <> hipoi
hypokalaemia <> hipok
hypokalaemic <> Hipok
hypokalemia <> hipok
hypokalemic <> hipok
hypokinesia <> hipok
hypokinetic <> hipok
hypolimnion <> Hipol
hypomagnesaemia <> hipom
hypomagnesemia <> hipom
hypomania <> hipom
hypomanic <> hipom
hypomelanosis <> Hipom
hypometabolism <> hipom
hyponatraemia <> hipon
hyponatremia <> hipon
hyponychium <> hipon
hypoparathyroidism <> hipop
hypoperistalsis <> hipop
hypopharyngeal <> Hipof
hypopharynx <> hipof
hypophosphataemia <> hipof
hypophosphatasia <> hipof
hypophosphatemia <> hipof
hypophosphatemic <> hipof
hypophosphites <> Hipof
hypophyse <> Hypop
hypophyseal <> hipof
hypophysectomy <> hipof
hypophysis <> hipof
hypopigmentation <> hipop
hypopigmented <> hipop
hypopituitarism <> hipop
hypoplasia <> hipop
hypoplastic <> hipop
hypoplasy <> hipop
hypopnea <> hipop
hypopneas <> hipop
hypoproteinemia <> hipop
hypopyon <> hipop
hyposmia <> hipoz
hypospadiac <> hipos
hypospadias <> hipos
hypostasis <> Hazre
hypostasis <> hipos
hypostasis <> kan 
hypostasis <> tanrı
hypostatic <> Özler
hypotelorism <> hipot
hypotension <> düşük
hypotension <> hipot
hypotensive <> hipot
hypotenuse <> hipot
hypothalamic <> hipot
hypothalamo <> hipot
hypothalamus <> hipot
hypothec <> ipote
hypothec <> rehin
hypothecary <> ipote
hypothecate <> ipote
hypothecate <> rehin
hypothecates <> ipote
hypothecation <> ipote
hypothecation <> rehin
hypothenar <> hipot
hypothermal <> hipot
hypothermia <> hipot
hypothermic <> hipot
hypotheses <> hipot
hypothesis <> hipot
hypothesis <> kuram
hypothesis <> varsa
hypothesised <> Hypot
hypothesises <> test
hypothesize <> hipot
hypothesize <> varsa
hypothesized <> hipot
hypothesizes <> varsa
hypothetic <> kuram
hypothetic <> varsa
hypothetical <> faraz
hypothetical <> kuram
hypothetical <> varsa
hypothetically <> varsa
hypothyroid <> hipot
hypothyroidism <> hipot
hypothyroids <> hipot
hypotonia <> hipot
hypotonic <> hipot
hypotony <> hipot
hypotrichosis <> hipot
hypoventilation <> hipov
hypovitaminosis <> hipov
hypovolaemia <> hipov
hypovolaemic <> hipov
hypovolemia <> hipov
hypovolemic <> hipov
hypoxaemia <> hipok
hypoxanthine <> hipok
hypoxemia <> hipok
hypoxemic <> hipok
hypoxia <> hipok
hypoxia <> oksij
hypoxic <> hipok
hypsometric <> hipso
hypsometry <> hipso
hypsometry <> yükse
hyracotherium <> Hyrac
hyrax <> yaban
hyson <> Hyson
hyssop <> çördü
hyssop <> zufa
hysterectomies <> histe
hysterectomised <> histe
hysterectomized <> histe
hysterectomy <> histe
hysterectomy <> rahim
hysteresis <> gecik
hysteresis <> histe
hysteresis <> kesik
hysteresises <> histe
hysteretic <> histe
hysteria <> histe
hysteria <> ister
hysteria <> sinir
hysteric <> ister
hysteric <> sinir
hysterical <> ister
hysterically <> histe
hysterics <> sinir
hystericus <> histe
hysterosalpingogram <> histe
hysterosalpingography <> Histe
hysteroscope <> histe
hysteroscopy <> histe
hysterotomy <> histe
hystrix <> hystr
hythe <> Hythe
iamb <> IAMB
iambic <> bir
iambic <> bir 
iambus <> birin
ianthinite <> İyant
iatrogenic <> iyatr
iatrogenically <> iatro
ibex <> dağ
ibex <> dağ 
ibidem <> aynı
ibis <> ibis
icaria <> Icari
ice <> öldür
ice <> şeker
ice <> buz
ice <> buza
ice <> buzla
ice <> değer
ice <> dondu
ice <> pırla
ice <> pasta
iceberg <> aysbe
iceberg <> buzda
iceberg <> soğuk
iceblink <> Icebl
iceboat <> buzkı
icebound <> buz 
icebound <> buzla
icebox <> buz 
icebox <> buzdo
icebox <> buzha
icebox <> buzlu
icebox <> soğut
iceboxes <> Buz
icebreaker <> buzkı
iced <> şeker
iced <> buza
iced <> buzla
iced <> buzlu
icefall <> buz
icefall <> buz 
icefall <> donmu
icefields <> Icefi
icehouse <> Iceho
icemaker <> buz
iceman <> buz 
iceman <> buzcu
iceman <> dondu
icepack <> IcePa
icer <> buz
ices <> buzla
icestone <> Icest
ich <> balık
ich <> ich
ichabod <> Ichab
ichneumon <> firav
ichneumon <> yer
ichneumon <> yer 
ichneumonidae <> Ichne
ichnofossil <> İknof
ichnology <> İknol
ichor <> cerah
ichor <> iltih
ichor <> irin
ichthus <> Ichth
ichthyoid <> balık
ichthyologists <> balık
ichthyology <> balık
ichthyophagous <> balık
ichthyornis <> Ichth
ichthyosaur <> Ichth
ichthyosauria <> İktiy
ichthyosaurs <> ichth
ichthyosaurus <> yarı
ichthyoses <> IKTIY
ichthyosiform <> iktiy
ichthyosis <> iktiy
ichthyotic <> IKTIY
icicle <> buz
icicle <> buz 
icicle <> sarkı
icicles <> buz
icily <> buz
icily <> buz 
icily <> soğuk
iciness <> buz 
iciness <> buzla
iciness <> buzlu
icing <> buz 
icing <> buzla
icing <> glasa
icing <> pasta
icon <> azizl
icon <> dini
icon <> ikon
icon <> simge
iconic <> ikoni
iconized <> ikona
iconoclasm <> gelen
iconoclasm <> ikon
iconoclast <> gelen
iconoclast <> ikon
iconoclasts <> Icono
iconographic <> ikono
iconographical <> ikono
iconographically <> ikono
iconographies <> ikono
iconography <> resim
iconography <> resme
iconolatry <> ikonl
iconological <> ikono
iconoscope <> ikono
icons <> simge
icosahedral <> Icosa
icosidodecahedron <> Icosi
ictal <> iktal
icteric <> ikter
icterus <> sarıl
ictus <> darbe
ictus <> kriz
ictus <> nöbet
ictus <> vurgu
icy <> buz 
icy <> buzla
icy <> buzlu
id <> İD
id <> ID
id <> bilin
id <> ilkel
id <> kimli
id <> sahsı
iddingsite <> İding
idea <> amaç
idea <> düşün
idea <> fikir
idea <> görüş
idea <> kanı
idea <> niyet
idea <> plan
ideal <> ülkü
ideal <> amaç
ideal <> erek
ideal <> gaye
ideal <> hayal
ideal <> ideal
ideal <> kusur
ideal <> mükem
idealise <> ideal
idealised <> ideal
idealism <> ideal
idealist <> ideal
idealistic <> ülküc
idealistic <> ideal
idealistic <> toplu
idealistically <> ideal
idealists <> ideal
ideality <> ideal
idealization <> ideal
idealizations <> ideal
idealize <> ülkül
idealize <> ideal
idealize <> olduğ
idealized <> ideal
idealizing <> ideal
ideally <> en 
ideally <> ideal
ideally <> kusur
idealogies <> ideol
idealogy <> düşün
idealogy <> ideol
ideals <> ideal
ideas <> fikir
ideation <> düşün
ideational <> düşün
ideations <> düşün
idees <> idées
idem <> aynı
idempotents <> İdemp
identic <> özdeş
identic <> aynı
identic <> eş
identic <> ortak
identical <> özdeş
identical <> aynı
identical <> eş
identical <> tıpkı
identically <> aynı
identicalness <> özdeş
identifiable <> kimli
identifiable <> tanım
identifiable <> teşhi
identification <> fark
identification <> kimli
identification <> tanım
identification <> teşhi
identifications <> teşhi
identified <> tespi
identifier <> tanım
identifiers <> tanım
identifies <> tanım
identify <> aynı
identify <> belir
identify <> bir 
identify <> deste
identify <> kimli
identify <> tanım
identifying <> belir
identikit <> robot
identities <> kimli
identity <> özdeş
identity <> aynıl
identity <> benze
identity <> hüviy
identity <> kişil
identity <> kimli
ideogram <> fikir
ideogram <> ideog
ideograms <> ideog
ideograph <> fikir
ideograph <> ideog
ideographic <> ideog
ideologic <> ideol
ideological <> ideol
ideologically <> ideol
ideologies <> ideol
ideologist <> ideol
ideologist <> kuram
ideologists <> ideol
ideologize <> ideol
ideologue <> ideol
ideologues <> ideol
ideology <> düşün
ideology <> ideol
idioblastic <> İdiyo
idiocracy <> Idioc
idiocy <> ahmak
idiocy <> aptal
idiocy <> geri
idiom <> şive
idiom <> deyiş
idiom <> deyim
idiom <> lehçe
idiomatic <> deyim
idiomatic <> dil 
idiomatically <> deyim
idiomorphic <> özşek
idioms <> deyim
idiopathic <> idiyo
idiopathic <> neden
idiopathically <> İdiyo
idioplasm <> plazm
idiosyncrasy <> özell
idiosyncrasy <> aşırı
idiosyncrasy <> idiyo
idiosyncrasy <> mizaç
idiosyncrasy <> yapıs
idiosyncrasy <> yarad
idiosyncratic <> nev'i
idiot <> ahmak
idiot <> aptal
idiot <> geri
idiot <> salak
idiotic <> ahmak
idiotic <> aptal
idiots <> salak
idle <> çalış
idle <> avare
idle <> aylak
idle <> başıb
idle <> boş
idle <> boş 
idle <> boşa
idle <> boşta
idle <> gerek
idle <> hayla
idle <> işe 
idle <> işlem
idle <> işsiz
idle <> kulla
idle <> tembe
idle <> verim
idle <> yersi
idled <> avare
idled <> başıb
idled <> boşta
idled <> işsiz
idleness <> avare
idleness <> aylak
idleness <> başıb
idleness <> boşlu
idleness <> gerek
idleness <> hayla
idleness <> tembe
idler <> ara 
idler <> aylak
idler <> işsiz
idler <> kaldı
idler <> tembe
idlers <> rulol
idles <> Idles
idling <> aylak
idling <> boşta
idling <> rolân
idling <> tembe
idly <> aylak
idly <> boş 
idly <> tembe
idol <> idol
idol <> put
idol <> sapla
idol <> tapıl
idolater <> hayra
idolater <> putpe
idolater <> tapan
idolaters <> müşri
idolatress <> putpe
idolatrous <> puta
idolatrous <> putpe
idolatrous <> tapar
idolatry <> puta
idolatry <> putpe
idolatry <> tapma
idolise <> putla
idolise <> tapma
idolised <> idoll
idolize <> putla
idolize <> tapma
idolized <> idoll
idols <> putla
idrialite <> İdriy
ids <> kimli
iduronidase <> iduro
idyl <> idil
idyl <> pasto
idyl <> rüya
idyl <> saf 
idyll <> idil
idyll <> pasto
idyll <> rüya
idyll <> temiz
idyllic <> cenne
idyllic <> kır 
idyllic <> pasto
idyllic <> sessi
idyllic <> terte
idyllically <> pasto
if <> şüphe
if <> şart
if <> -sa
if <> -se
if <> ama
if <> belir
if <> eğer
if <> fakat
if <> ise
if <> keşke
iffy <> şüphe
ifosfamide <> ifosf
ifs <> IFS
igad <> IGAD
igloo <> Eskim
igloo <> kubbe
iglu <> Eskim
ignatia <> Ignat
igneous <> ateş
igneous <> ateşe
igneous <> ateşt
igneous <> volka
ignimbrite <> ignim
ignimbrites <> ignim
ignitable <> ihtim
ignite <> ateş
ignite <> ateşl
ignite <> tutuş
ignite <> yakma
igniter <> ateşe
igniter <> ateşl
igniters <> ateşl
ignites <> tutuş
igniting <> tutuş
ignition <> ateşl
ignition <> konta
ignition <> tutuş
ignitions <> Ateş
ignitor <> ateşl
ignoble <> aşağı
ignoble <> alçak
ignoble <> küçül
ignoble <> rezil
ignominious <> aşağı
ignominious <> küçül
ignominious <> rezil
ignominious <> yüz
ignominious <> yüz 
ignominy <> şeref
ignominy <> alçak
ignominy <> kepaz
ignominy <> namus
ignominy <> rezal
ignominy <> rezil
ignominy <> yüz 
ignoramus <> cahil
ignoramus <> kara
ignoramuses <> cahil
ignorance <> bilgi
ignorance <> cahil
ignorance <> cehal
ignorance <> haber
ignorances <> cehal
ignorant <> bilgi
ignorant <> bilme
ignorant <> cahil
ignorant <> haber
ignorantly <> cahil
ignore <> önem
ignore <> önems
ignore <> aldır
ignore <> bilme
ignore <> boşla
ignore <> delil
ignore <> görme
ignored <> yok
ignores <> yoksa
ignoring <> görme
ignoring <> inkâr
iguana <> iguan
iguanas <> iguan
iguanodon <> otçul
ijtihad <> içtih
ikebana <> Japon
ikebana <> ikeba
ikon <> azizl
ikon <> dini
ile <> Ile
ileitis <> İleit
ileocaecal <> ileoç
ileocecal <> ileoç
ileocolic <> ileok
ileocystoplasty <> ileos
ileostomy <> ileos
ilesite <> İlesi
ileum <> ileum
ileum <> ince
ileum <> kıvrı
ileus <> bağır
ilex <> çoban
ilex <> pırna
ilia <> Ilia
iliac <> iliak
iliac <> kıvrı
iliac <> kalça
iliad <> İlyad
ilium <> böğür
ilium <> kalça
ilium <> karnı
ilk <> çeşit
ilk <> tür
ilk <> tip
ilka <> Ilkay
ilke <> Ilker
ill <> ahlak
ill <> belâ
ill <> dert
ill <> fena
ill <> hasta
ill <> huzur
ill <> illet
ill <> kötü
ill <> keyif
ill <> rahat
ill <> sağlı
ill <> sorun
ill <> zar 
ill <> zarar
ill <> zorla
illation <> çıkar
illation <> anlam
illation <> sonuç
illconceived <> akıl
illdisposed <> Illdi
illegal <> gayri
illegal <> illeg
illegal <> kaçak
illegal <> kanun
illegal <> usuls
illegal <> yasad
illegalities <> kanun
illegality <> illeg
illegality <> yasad
illegally <> yasad
illegals <> yasad
illegibility <> okuna
illegible <> okuna
illegible <> okunm
illegitimacy <> gayri
illegitimacy <> piçli
illegitimacy <> yasad
illegitimate <> gayri
illegitimate <> haram
illegitimate <> hatal
illegitimate <> mantı
illegitimate <> piç
illegitimate <> ters
illegitimate <> uygun
illegitimate <> yasad
iller <> İller
illest <> hasta
illiberal <> bağna
illiberal <> cimri
illiberal <> dar
illiberal <> dar 
illiberal <> hoşgö
illiberal <> liber
illiberalism <> devle
illiberalism <> toplu
illiberality <> bağna
illiberality <> cimri
illiberality <> dar 
illiberality <> eli 
illicit <> haram
illicit <> illeg
illicit <> kanun
illicit <> yasad
illicit <> yasak
illicitly <> kaçak
illimani <> Illim
illimitable <> sınır
illimitable <> sonsu
illimitableness <> sınır
illimitably <> sınır
illimitably <> sonsu
illiquid <> likit
illite <> illit
illiteracy <> bilgi
illiteracy <> cehal
illiteracy <> deney
illiteracy <> okuma
illiterate <> bilgi
illiterate <> cahil
illiterate <> deney
illiterate <> kara
illiterate <> okuma
illiterate <> okur
illiterate <> yanlı
illiterates <> cahil
illites <> illit
illitic <> İllit
illness <> hasta
illness <> illet
illness <> rahat
illnesses <> hasta
illogic <> mantı
illogical <> mantı
illogicality <> mantı
illoyal <> Illoy
ills <> dertl
illume <> ışıtm
illume <> aydın
illuminance <> aydın
illuminant <> aydın
illuminant <> lâmba
illuminant <> parla
illuminants <> aydın
illuminate <> ışıkl
illuminate <> ışıtm
illuminate <> aydın
illuminate <> yaldı
illuminated <> ışıkl
illuminated <> aydın
illuminates <> aydın
illuminating <> açıkl
illuminating <> aydın
illuminating <> bilgi
illumination <> ışıkl
illumination <> açıkl
illumination <> aydın
illumination <> izah
illumination <> yaldı
illumination <> zihin
illuminations <> aydın
illuminative <> açıkl
illuminative <> aydın
illuminator <> aydın
illuminators <> aydın
illuminatus <> Illum
illumine <> ışıkl
illumine <> aydın
illumine <> zihin
illuminist <> İllum
illuminous <> rota
illusion <> aldat
illusion <> göz 
illusion <> hayal
illusion <> illüz
illusion <> yanıl
illusionary <> hayal
illusioned <> yanıl
illusionism <> hokka
illusionist <> hayal
illusionist <> hokka
illusionist <> illüz
illusionist <> sihir
illusions <> yanıl
illusive <> aldat
illusive <> hayal
illusive <> yanıl
illusiveness <> aldat
illusiveness <> hayal
illusory <> aldat
illusory <> hayal
illusory <> yanıl
illustrate <> örnek
illustrate <> göste
illustrate <> resim
illustrate <> tanım
illustrated <> örnek
illustrated <> resim
illustrates <> göste
illustrating <> göste
illustration <> çizim
illustration <> örnek
illustration <> açıkl
illustration <> resim
illustration <> tanım
illustrations <> resim
illustrative <> açıkl
illustrative <> aydın
illustrative <> tanım
illustrator <> çizim
illustrator <> ressa
illustrator <> tanım
illustrators <> çizer
illustrious <> ünlü
illustrious <> meşhu
illustrious <> tanın
illuviation <> İlüvi
illy <> Illy
ilmenite <> ilmen
ilvaite <> İlvai
image <> şekil
image <> benze
image <> görün
image <> heyke
image <> imaj
image <> kopya
image <> put
image <> resim
image <> simge
imageable <> görün
imaged <> görün
imager <> görün
imageries <> görün
imagers <> görün
imagery <> benze
imagery <> görün
imagery <> hayal
imagery <> heyke
imagery <> imgel
imagery <> tanım
imagery <> tasvi
images <> görün
imagesetter <> görün
imagesetters <> görün
imaginable <> düşün
imaginable <> hayal
imaginable <> tasav
imaginary <> düşse
imaginary <> faraz
imaginary <> gerçe
imaginary <> hayal
imaginary <> imges
imaginary <> sanal
imaginate <> Imagi
imagination <> hayal
imagination <> imgel
imagination <> kurun
imagination <> tasav
imaginations <> hayal
imaginative <> hayal
imaginative <> imges
imaginative <> yarat
imaginatively <> yarat
imaginativeness <> hayal
imagine <> düşün
imagine <> düşle
imagine <> farze
imagine <> hayal
imagine <> kafas
imagine <> sanma
imagine <> tasav
imagined <> hayal
imagines <> hayal
imaging <> görün
imagings <> görün
imagining <> hayal
imaginings <> hayal
imagism <> Imagi
imagistic <> hayal
imago <> çocuk
imago <> geliş
imago <> imago
imam <> imam
imamate <> İmaml
imams <> imam
imarets <> imare
imari <> Imari
imbalance <> denge
imbalance <> orans
imbalanced <> denge
imbalances <> denge
imbecile <> ahmak
imbecile <> embes
imbecile <> geri
imbeciles <> Imbéc
imbecility <> ahmak
imbecility <> embes
imbecility <> geri
imbedded <> ankas
imbibe <> öğren
imbibe <> içine
imbibe <> içmek
imbibe <> kafa
imbibe <> kapma
imbibition <> imbib
imbibitions <> emme
imbox <> Imbox
imbricate <> birbi
imbricate <> kirem
imbricated <> dilim
imbrication <> dilim
imbroglio <> anlaş
imbroglio <> karış
imbroglio <> karma
imbrue <> ıslat
imbrue <> boyam
imbrue <> bulaş
imbue <> aşıla
imbue <> doldu
imbue <> kafas
imbue <> telki
imbued <> aşıla
imidazole <> imida
imide <> imid
imides <> İmitl
imine <> imin
imipramine <> imipr
imitable <> takli
imitate <> örnek
imitate <> andır
imitate <> benze
imitate <> takli
imitated <> sahte
imitated <> takli
imitated <> yapma
imitates <> takli
imitating <> takli
imitation <> emita
imitation <> imita
imitation <> suni
imitation <> takli
imitation <> yapay
imitations <> takli
imitative <> andır
imitative <> benze
imitative <> takli
imitator <> kopya
imitator <> takli
imitators <> takli
immaculate <> kusur
immaculate <> lekes
immaculate <> masum
immaculate <> saf
immaculate <> terte
immaculately <> kusur
immanence <> her
immanence <> her 
immanency <> her
immanency <> her 
immanent <> özünd
immanent <> hazır
immanent <> her 
immaterial <> önems
immaterial <> davay
immaterial <> maddi
immaterial <> ruhan
immature <> geliş
immature <> ham
immature <> olgun
immaturity <> geliş
immaturity <> hamlı
immaturity <> toylu
immeasurable <> ölçül
immeasurable <> sınır
immeasurable <> sonsu
immeasurably <> ölçül
immediacy <> doğru
immediacy <> dolay
immediacy <> yakın
immediate <> şu 
immediate <> acil
immediate <> derha
immediate <> doğru
immediate <> dolay
immediate <> en 
immediate <> hemen
immediate <> yakın
immediately <> derha
immediately <> direk
immediately <> doğru
immediately <> hemen
immemorial <> eski
immemorial <> hatır
immense <> engin
immense <> harik
immense <> mükem
immense <> muazz
immense <> uçsuz
immensely <> pek 
immensely <> son
immensely <> son 
immenseness <> engin
immensity <> çok 
immensity <> büyük
immensity <> engin
immensity <> sınır
immerse <> batır
immerse <> daldı
immerse <> gömme
immerse <> sokma
immerse <> suya
immersed <> batmı
immersed <> bulaş
immersed <> dalmı
immersible <> dalgı
immersing <> çeker
immersion <> batır
immersion <> daldı
immersion <> dalma
immersion <> tutul
immersions <> immer
immersive <> sürük
immigrant <> göçeb
immigrant <> göçme
immigrant <> muhac
immigrants <> Göçme
immigrate <> göç 
immigrate <> göçme
immigrated <> göç
immigrating <> göç
immigration <> göç
immigration <> göç 
immigration <> göçme
immigrations <> göçle
imminence <> yakın
imminence <> yakla
imminent <> eli 
imminent <> yakın
imminently <> :
immiscible <> karış
immobile <> durağ
immobile <> harek
immobile <> oynam
immobile <> sabit
immobilisation <> immob
immobilise <> bloke
immobilise <> harek
immobilise <> sabit
immobilise <> tedav
immobilised <> immob
immobiliser <> immob
immobilises <> kilit
immobility <> harek
immobility <> sabit
immobilization <> bağla
immobilization <> bloke
immobilization <> harek
immobilization <> immob
immobilization <> sabit
immobilization <> tedav
immobilize <> bloke
immobilize <> harek
immobilize <> sabit
immobilize <> tedav
immobilized <> immob
immoderate <> çok 
immoderate <> ölçüs
immoderate <> aşırı
immoderate <> denge
immoderation <> ölçüs
immodest <> açık
immodest <> edeps
immodest <> terbi
immodest <> utanm
immodesty <> açık
immodesty <> arsız
immodesty <> terbi
immodesty <> utanm
immolate <> kurba
immolation <> kurba
immoral <> ahlak
immoral <> terbi
immorality <> ahlak
immorality <> terbi
immorally <> ahlak
immortal <> ölüms
immortal <> ölmez
immortal <> ebedi
immortal <> sonsu
immortalise <> ölüms
immortalised <> ölüms
immortality <> ölüms
immortality <> ebedi
immortalization <> ölüms
immortalize <> ölüms
immortalized <> ölüms
immortally <> Immor
immortals <> ölüms
immortelle <> kurut
immotile <> immot
immovability <> kımıl
immovability <> karar
immovability <> metin
immovability <> sabit
immovability <> sarsı
immovable <> kımıl
immovable <> karar
immovable <> metin
immovable <> oynam
immovable <> sabit
immovable <> sarsı
immovable <> taşın
immovable <> yerin
immovables <> gayri
immovables <> taşın
immoveable <> taşın
immune <> ayrıc
immune <> bağış
immune <> duyar
immune <> etkil
immune <> muaf
immunisation <> aşıla
immunisation <> bağış
immunisations <> aşıla
immunise <> bağış
immunise <> muaf
immunised <> aşı
immunising <> aşıla
immunities <> dokun
immunity <> ayrıc
immunity <> bağış
immunity <> dokun
immunity <> etkil
immunity <> muafi
immunization <> aşıla
immunization <> bağış
immunizations <> aşıla
immunize <> bağış
immunize <> muaf
immunized <> aşı
immunizer <> Immun
immunoassay <> immün
immunoassays <> immun
immunoblastic <> immun
immunochemical <> immün
immunochemistry <> immün
immunocompetent <> immün
immunocompromised <> bağış
immunocytochemical <> İmmün
immunocytochemistry <> immün
immunodeficiencies <> immün
immunodeficiency <> immün
immunodeficient <> İmmün
immunodiagnostics <> immün
immunodiffusion <> immün
immunodominant <> immün
immunoelectrophoresis <> immün
immunofixation <> immün
immunofluorescence <> immün
immunofluorescent <> immün
immunogen <> antij
immunogen <> bağış
immunogenetic <> immün
immunogenetics <> immün
immunogenic <> immun
immunogenicity <> immün
immunogens <> immün
immunoglobulin <> immün
immunoglobulins <> immün
immunohematological <> immün
immunohistochemical <> immün
immunohistochemically <> immün
immunohistochemistry <> immün
immunohistologic <> immün
immunohistology <> İmmun
immunologic <> immün
immunological <> immün
immunologically <> immun
immunologist <> immün
immunology <> bağış
immunology <> immün
immunomagnetic <> immün
immunomodulator <> immün
immunomodulators <> immün
immunomodulatory <> immün
immunopathologic <> immün
immunopathological <> immun
immunoperoxidase <> immun
immunophenotyping <> immün
immunoprecipitation <> immun
immunoradiometric <> immün
immunoreaction <> immün
immunoreactive <> immun
immunoreactivity <> immün
immunoregulation <> immün
immunoregulatory <> immün
immunosensors <> İmmun
immunostimulants <> immun
immunosuppressant <> immün
immunosuppressed <> Bağış
immunosuppression <> immün
immunosuppressive <> immun
immunotherapeutic <> immun
immunotherapies <> immun
immunotherapy <> immün
immunotoxic <> immun
immunotoxins <> İmmün
immure <> duvar
immure <> hapse
immutability <> değiş
immutable <> değiş
immutable <> durağ
immutable <> sabit
imp <> afaca
imp <> imp
imp <> küçük
imp <> yaram
impack <> Impac
impact <> çarpı
impact <> çarpm
impact <> şok
impact <> darbe
impact <> etki
impact <> pekiş
impact <> sıkış
impact <> vuruş
impacted <> etkil
impacting <> etkil
impaction <> impak
impactor <> darbe
impactors <> İmpac
impacts <> etkil
impair <> azalt
impair <> bozma
impair <> zarar
impair <> zayıf
impaired <> bozul
impairment <> azalm
impairment <> bozma
impairment <> bozul
impairment <> zayıf
impairments <> bozuk
impairs <> bozar
impala <> antil
impala <> impal
impalas <> Impal
impale <> kazığ
impale <> kazık
impaled <> Impal
impalement <> kazığ
impaler <> Impal
impales <> kazığ
impalpable <> ele 
impalpable <> elle
impalpable <> kavra
impanel <> jüri
imparity <> eşits
imparity <> orans
impark <> park
impark <> parka
impart <> açıkl
impart <> bildi
impart <> pay 
impart <> söyle
impart <> uygul
impart <> verme
impartance <> derec
impartial <> adil
impartial <> taraf
impartial <> yansı
impartiality <> taraf
impartially <> taraf
impassable <> aşıla
impassable <> geçil
impasse <> çıkma
impasse <> zor 
impasses <> açmaz
impassibility <> aşıla
impassible <> acı 
impassible <> duygu
impassible <> hissi
impassibly <> hissi
impassion <> heyec
impassioned <> ateşl
impassioned <> hırsl
impassioned <> heyec
impassive <> hissi
impassive <> kayıt
impassive <> ruhsu
impassive <> vurdu
impassively <> duygu
impassivity <> hissi
impassivity <> vurdu
impaste <> koyu
impaste <> macun
impaste <> yoğur
impasto <> koyu
impatience <> dayan
impatience <> katla
impatience <> sabır
impatiens <> Impat
impatient <> acele
impatient <> hoşgö
impatient <> sabır
impatient <> taham
impatient <> tez 
impatiently <> merak
impawn <> rehin
impawn <> söz 
impeach <> şüphe
impeach <> itham
impeach <> mahke
impeach <> suçla
impeached <> almak
impeachment <> şüphe
impeachment <> itham
impeachment <> kabul
impeachment <> kuşku
impeachment <> mahke
impeachment <> suçla
impeccability <> günah
impeccability <> hatas
impeccability <> kusur
impeccability <> mükem
impeccable <> şüphe
impeccable <> günah
impeccable <> hatas
impeccable <> kusur
impeccably <> kusur
impecunious <> fakir
impecunious <> paras
impecunious <> züğür
impedance <> alter
impedance <> emped
impedance <> iç 
impedances <> emped
impede <> engel
impede <> gecik
impede <> sürün
impede <> sekte
impeded <> engel
impedes <> engel
impediment <> ayak
impediment <> engel
impediment <> gecik
impediment <> kekem
impediment <> mani
impediment <> pelte
impedimenta <> levaz
impedimenta <> yük
impediments <> engel
impeding <> engel
impel <> harek
impel <> itmek
impel <> yönel
impel <> zorla
impelled <> saiki
impellent <> harek
impellent <> itme
impellent <> mecbu
impellent <> tahri
impellent <> zorla
impeller <> Perva
impeller <> kompr
impeller <> sevk
impellers <> çarkl
impels <> geçir
impend <> asılı
impend <> sarkm
impend <> tehdi
impend <> yakın
impending <> eli
impending <> eli 
impending <> olmak
impenetrability <> anlaş
impenetrability <> delin
impenetrability <> giril
impenetrable <> akıl
impenetrable <> anlaş
impenetrable <> giril
impenetrable <> kapal
impenitence <> pişma
impenitency <> pişma
impenitent <> pişma
impenitent <> tövbe
imperatival <> emir
imperative <> buyur
imperative <> emir
imperative <> emred
imperative <> gerek
imperative <> mecbu
imperative <> zorun
imperatives <> zorun
imperatrix <> Imper
imperceptible <> algıl
imperceptible <> belli
imperceptible <> farke
imperceptible <> hisse
imperceptible <> sezil
imperfect <> bozuk
imperfect <> eksik
imperfect <> hikây
imperfect <> kusur
imperfect <> tamam
imperfecta <> imper
imperfection <> eksik
imperfection <> hata
imperfection <> kusur
imperfections <> kusur
imperfective <> bitme
imperfectly <> eksik
imperforate <> delik
imperial <> üst 
imperial <> görke
imperial <> impar
imperial <> keçi
imperial <> muhte
imperialisation <> emper
imperialism <> emper
imperialism <> yayıl
imperialist <> emper
imperialist <> sömür
imperialist <> yayıl
imperialistic <> emper
imperialists <> Emper
imperials <> Imper
imperil <> tehli
imperiled <> tehli
imperiling <> tehli
imperilled <> tehli
imperious <> buyur
imperious <> kaçın
imperious <> mecbu
imperious <> otori
imperious <> zorba
imperious <> zorun
imperiously <> amira
imperishable <> çürüm
imperishable <> ölüms
imperishable <> bozul
imperishable <> unutu
imperishable <> yok 
imperium <> egeme
imperium <> hakim
imperium <> impar
impermanence <> geçic
impermanent <> devam
impermanent <> geçic
impermanent <> sürek
impermeability <> geçir
impermeability <> sızdı
impermeable <> geçir
impermeable <> sızdı
impermeable <> su 
impermissible <> izin
impermissible <> müsaa
impermissible <> yasak
impersonal <> şahsi
impersonal <> kişil
impersonal <> kişis
impersonality <> kişil
impersonality <> kişis
impersonate <> canla
impersonate <> kişil
impersonate <> takli
impersonated <> bürün
impersonates <> takli
impersonating <> takli
impersonation <> canla
impersonation <> kişil
impersonation <> takli
impersonator <> canla
impersonator <> takli
impersonators <> takli
impertinence <> küsta
impertinence <> saygı
impertinence <> terbi
impertinent <> her 
impertinent <> ilgis
impertinent <> küsta
impertinent <> münas
impertinent <> saçma
impertinent <> saygı
impertinent <> terbi
impertinent <> yersi
impertinently <> arsız
impertinently <> küsta
imperturbability <> ağırb
imperturbability <> sakin
imperturbability <> soğuk
imperturbable <> ağırb
imperturbable <> sakin
imperturbable <> soğuk
impervious <> dayan
impervious <> etkil
impervious <> geçir
impervious <> su 
impervious <> vurdu
imperviousness <> geçir
impetigo <> empet
impetigo <> iltih
impetuosity <> şidde
impetuosity <> acele
impetuosity <> atakl
impetuosity <> tez 
impetuous <> şidde
impetuous <> acele
impetuous <> coşku
impetuous <> düşün
impetuous <> hızlı
impetuous <> tez 
impetus <> şidde
impetus <> dürtü
impetus <> güdü
impetus <> hız
impi <> Impi
impiety <> Allah
impiety <> dinsi
impiety <> saygı
impinge <> çarpm
impinge <> el 
impinge <> etkil
impinge <> tecâv
impinge <> vurma
impingement <> sıkış
impinger <> Darbe
impinging <> Çarpa
impious <> Allah
impious <> dine
impious <> dinsi
impious <> saygı
impish <> şeyta
impish <> afaca
impish <> cin 
impish <> yaram
implacability <> acıma
implacability <> amans
implacable <> acıma
implacable <> affed
implacable <> amans
implacable <> bastı
implacable <> bitme
implacable <> yatış
implacably <> amans
implant <> İmpla
implant <> aklın
implant <> nakle
implantable <> impla
implantation <> aşıla
implantation <> aklın
implantation <> empla
implantation <> impla
implantation <> yerin
implantations <> impla
implanted <> impla
implanting <> impla
implants <> impla
implausible <> inanı
implausible <> makul
implausible <> mantı
implement <> alet
implement <> araç
implement <> donan
implement <> sağla
implement <> tamam
implement <> uygul
implement <> yapma
implement <> yerin
implementability <> uygul
implementable <> uygul
implemental <> uygul
implemental <> yerin
implementation <> uygul
implementation <> yerin
implementations <> uygul
implemented <> uygul
implementer <> uygul
implementers <> uygul
implementing <> uygul
implementor <> Uygul
implementors <> uygul
implements <> uygul
implicants <> içere
implicate <> bulaş
implicate <> içerm
implicate <> içine
implicate <> kapsa
implicate <> karış
implicate <> sokma
implicated <> karış
implication <> bulaş
implication <> dolaş
implication <> dolay
implication <> içerm
implication <> içine
implication <> ima 
implications <> etkil
implicit <> üstü
implicit <> ima 
implicit <> itira
implicit <> kesin
implicit <> tam
implicitly <> üstü
implicitly <> dolay
implicitly <> kesin
implicitly <> tam 
implicitness <> dokun
implicitness <> dolay
implicitness <> ima
implicitness <> kesin
implicitness <> tam 
implied <> demek
implied <> ima
implied <> ima 
implied <> kaste
impliedly <> KAPAL
implies <> ima
implode <> içeri
implodes <> patla
implore <> rica
implore <> yalva
implored <> yalva
imploring <> rica
imploring <> yalva
imploringly <> rica
imploringly <> yalva
implosion <> patla
imply <> anlam
imply <> demek
imply <> demey
imply <> gerek
imply <> içerm
imply <> ima
imply <> ima 
imply <> kaste
implying <> ima
impolicy <> kötü
impolicy <> tedbi
impolite <> incit
impolite <> kaba
impolite <> nezak
impolite <> terbi
impolitely <> kabac
impolitely <> terbi
impoliteness <> kabal
impoliteness <> nezak
impoliteness <> terbi
impolitic <> aykır
impolitic <> polit
impolitic <> uygun
imponderable <> ölçül
imponderable <> tahmi
imponderable <> tartı
import <> önem
import <> önemi
import <> anlam
import <> belir
import <> ifade
import <> ima 
import <> ithal
import <> manâ
importable <> ithal
importance <> önem
importance <> önemi
importance <> ehemm
importance <> itiba
importance <> kibir
importance <> saygı
importances <> öneml
important <> öneml
important <> ciddi
important <> kendi
important <> kibir
important <> mühim
important <> nüfuz
important <> okkal
important <> sözü
important <> saygı
importantly <> öneml
importants <> ÖNEML
importation <> ithal
importations <> ithal
imported <> ithal
importer <> ithal
importers <> ithal
importing <> ithal
imports <> ithal
importunate <> ısrar
importunate <> acil
importunate <> sırna
importune <> ısrar
importune <> başın
importune <> sıkbo
importunity <> arsız
importunity <> bıktı
importunity <> başın
importunity <> sıkış
importunity <> sırna
impose <> empoz
impose <> etkil
impose <> kötüy
impose <> uygul
impose <> yük 
impose <> yükle
impose <> yarar
impose <> zorla
imposed <> dayat
imposes <> dayat
imposing <> azame
imposing <> etkil
imposing <> heybe
imposition <> aldat
imposition <> ceza
imposition <> isten
imposition <> kulla
imposition <> vergi
imposition <> yük
imposition <> yükle
impositions <> dayat
impossibilities <> imkan
impossibility <> imkân
impossibility <> olana
impossible <> çekil
impossible <> imkân
impossible <> katla
impossible <> olama
impossible <> olana
impossible <> olmaz
impossibly <> inanı
impossibly <> olana
impost <> vergi
impost <> yüküm
impost <> yük
imposter <> takli
imposters <> Impos
imposting <> aldat
impostor <> düzen
impostor <> dolan
impostor <> madra
impostor <> sahte
impostors <> sahte
imposture <> düzen
imposture <> dolap
imposture <> hile
imposture <> sahte
impostures <> usuls
impotence <> acizl
impotence <> etkis
impotence <> güçsü
impotence <> iktid
impotence <> zayıf
impotency <> acizl
impotency <> etkis
impotency <> güçsü
impotency <> iktid
impotency <> zayıf
impotent <> aciz
impotent <> etkis
impotent <> güçsü
impotent <> iktid
impound <> başıb
impound <> el 
impound <> hacze
impound <> kapat
impound <> topla
impounded <> esere
impounding <> su
impoundment <> baraj
impoundments <> baraj
impoverish <> fakir
impoverish <> güçsü
impoverish <> verim
impoverish <> yoksu
impoverish <> zayıf
impoverished <> yoksu
impoverishes <> fakir
impoverishing <> yoksu
impoverishment <> fakir
impoverishment <> güçsü
impracticability <> geçil
impracticability <> kulla
impracticability <> prati
impracticability <> uygul
impracticable <> ele 
impracticable <> geçil
impracticable <> kulla
impracticable <> uygul
impracticable <> yapıl
impractical <> becer
impractical <> kulla
impractical <> mantı
impractical <> prati
impracticality <> prati
imprecate <> beddu
imprecate <> lanet
imprecation <> beddu
imprecation <> lanet
imprecatory <> lanet
imprecise <> kesin
impreg <> empre
impregnability <> etkil
impregnability <> zapte
impregnable <> dayan
impregnable <> ele 
impregnable <> etkil
impregnable <> içiri
impregnable <> zapte
impregnate <> aşıla
impregnate <> dölle
impregnate <> doymu
impregnate <> emdir
impregnate <> emmiş
impregnate <> gebe
impregnate <> hamil
impregnate <> içirm
impregnated <> emdir
impregnating <> empre
impregnation <> aşıla
impregnation <> dölle
impregnation <> doyur
impregnation <> emdir
impregnation <> empoz
impregnation <> hamil
impregnations <> empre
impresa <> Impre
impresario <> impre
impresario <> menej
impresario <> temsi
imprescriptible <> daimi
imprescriptible <> her 
imprescriptible <> sürek
imprescriptible <> zaman
impress <> aklın
impress <> baskı
impress <> basma
impress <> damga
impress <> el 
impress <> etki
impress <> etkil
impress <> iz
impress <> iz 
impress <> kamul
impress <> mühür
impress <> sıkış
impress <> tesir
impress <> zorla
impressed <> etkil
impresses <> etkil
impressible <> aşırı
impressible <> duyar
impressible <> hassa
impressible <> kolay
impressing <> etkil
impression <> baskı
impression <> belir
impression <> damga
impression <> etki
impression <> fikir
impression <> intib
impression <> iz
impression <> izlen
impression <> kanı
impression <> takli
impression <> tesir
impressionable <> aşırı
impressionable <> duyar
impressionable <> hassa
impressionable <> kolay
impressionism <> empre
impressionism <> izlen
impressionist <> empre
impressionist <> izlen
impressionistic <> empre
impressionistic <> izlen
impressionists <> İzlen
impressions <> göste
impressive <> etkil
impressively <> etkil
impressiveness <> etkil
imprest <> avans
imprimatur <> izin
imprimatur <> kilis
imprimatur <> ruhsa
imprint <> baskı
imprint <> basma
imprint <> damga
imprint <> etki
imprint <> etkil
imprint <> intib
imprint <> izlen
imprint <> kitap
imprint <> kondu
imprint <> marka
imprints <> dizin
imprison <> hapse
imprison <> sınır
imprison <> tutuk
imprison <> yasak
imprisoned <> hapse
imprisoned <> tutuk
imprisoning <> hapse
imprisonment <> hapis
imprisonment <> hapse
imprisonment <> tutuk
imprisonments <> hapse
imprisons <> hapse
improbability <> ihtim
improbability <> olası
improbable <> bekle
improbable <> olana
improbable <> olası
improbable <> umulm
improbity <> şeref
improbity <> haysi
improbity <> onurs
impromptu <> doğaç
impromptu <> empro
impromptu <> hazır
improper <> açık
improper <> hatal
improper <> münas
improper <> terbi
improper <> uygun
improper <> yanlı
improper <> yersi
improperly <> yanlı
improprieties <> yolsu
impropriety <> uygun
impropriety <> yanlı
improvable <> düzel
improvable <> daha
improvable <> geliş
improve <> ıslah
improve <> artır
improve <> düzel
improve <> geliş
improve <> ilerl
improve <> iyile
improve <> yükse
improved <> düzel
improved <> geliş
improved <> ilerl
improved <> iyile
improvement <> ıslah
improvement <> artma
improvement <> düzel
improvement <> geliş
improvement <> ilerl
improvement <> iyile
improvement <> kalkı
improvement <> verim
improvement <> yenil
improvements <> iyile
improver <> düzel
improver <> gönül
improver <> refor
improver <> yenil
improvers <> yükse
improves <> geliş
improvidence <> ihtiy
improvidence <> israf
improvidence <> tedbi
improvidence <> tutum
improvident <> müsri
improvident <> sağgö
improvident <> tedbi
improvident <> tutum
improving <> geliş
improvingly <> düzel
improvisation <> doğaç
improvisation <> geçic
improvisation <> uydur
improvisational <> doğaç
improvisations <> doğaç
improvise <> başta
improvise <> doğaç
improvise <> geçic
improvise <> uydur
improvised <> doğaç
improvised <> eğret
improvised <> uydur
improviser <> doğaç
improvisers <> doğaç
improvising <> doğaç
improvision <> doğaç
improvision <> geçic
improvision <> uydur
imprudence <> akıls
imprudence <> düşün
imprudence <> ihtiy
imprudence <> tedbi
imprudent <> düşün
imprudent <> ihtiy
imprudent <> tedbi
imprudently <> körü
imps <> IMPS
impsonite <> İmpso
impudence <> arsız
impudence <> saygı
impudence <> terbi
impudence <> utanm
impudence <> yüzsü
impudent <> arsız
impudent <> küsta
impudent <> saygı
impudent <> terbi
impudent <> utanm
impudent <> yüzsü
impugn <> şüphe
impugn <> karşı
impugn <> kuşku
impugn <> yalan
impugnable <> şüphe
impugnable <> inkâr
impugnable <> yalan
impugned <> dava
impugnment <> şüphe
impugnment <> inkâr
impugnment <> yalan
impulse <> ani 
impulse <> dürtü
impulse <> içtep
impulse <> itki
impulse <> itme
impulse <> uyarı
impulses <> dürtü
impulsion <> dürtü
impulsion <> itici
impulsion <> itme
impulsive <> düşün
impulsive <> dürtü
impulsive <> itici
impulsively <> düşün
impulsively <> dürtü
impulsiveness <> düşün
impulsivity <> dürtü
impunity <> cezad
impunity <> cezas
impunity <> dokun
impure <> ahlak
impure <> cenab
impure <> iffet
impure <> katış
impure <> kirli
impure <> pis
impure <> saf 
impurities <> safsı
impurity <> iffet
impurity <> katış
impurity <> kirli
impurity <> pisli
impurity <> saf 
imputable <> başka
imputable <> yükle
imputation <> üstün
imputation <> atfet
imputation <> başka
imputation <> itham
imputation <> töhme
imputative <> üstün
imputative <> itham
imputative <> yükle
impute <> üstün
impute <> atfet
impute <> itham
impute <> suçla
impute <> yükle
imputed <> izafi
imputing <> maliy
in <> -da
in <> -de
in <> evde
in <> gelmi
in <> halin
in <> iç
in <> içeri
in <> içind
in <> içine
in <> iktid
in <> moda
in <> olara
in <> tutul
in <> yerin
inabilities <> fiili
inability <> acizl
inability <> gücü
inability <> iktid
inability <> olana
inability <> yeter
inaccessibility <> erişi
inaccessibility <> ulaşı
inaccessible <> erişi
inaccessible <> ulaşı
inaccessible <> yakla
inaccuracies <> yanlı
inaccuracy <> hata
inaccuracy <> kusur
inaccuracy <> yanlı
inaccurate <> hatal
inaccurate <> kusur
inaccurate <> yanlı
inaccurately <> hatal
inaction <> durgu
inaction <> etkis
inaction <> harek
inaction <> tembe
inactivate <> inakt
inactivated <> inakt
inactivates <> inakt
inactivating <> inakt
inactivation <> inakt
inactive <> çalış
inactive <> atıl
inactive <> durgu
inactive <> etkis
inactive <> harek
inactive <> nötr
inactive <> pasif
inactive <> tembe
inactively <> akdet
inactivity <> üşeng
inactivity <> durgu
inactivity <> harek
inactivity <> tembe
inactivity <> tesir
inadaptability <> uygun
inadaptability <> uyums
inadaptable <> uygun
inadaptable <> uyum
inadaptable <> uyums
inadequacies <> yeter
inadequacy <> eksik
inadequacy <> yeter
inadequate <> eksik
inadequate <> elver
inadequate <> yeter
inadequately <> yeter
inadhesive <> sadık
inadhesive <> yapış
inadmissibility <> kabul
inadmissibility <> uygun
inadmissible <> kabul
inadmissible <> uygun
inadvertence <> dikka
inadvertence <> kazar
inadvertency <> dikka
inadvertency <> kazar
inadvertent <> dikka
inadvertent <> kazar
inadvertent <> yanlı
inadvertently <> dikka
inadvertently <> kazar
inadvertently <> yanlı
inadvisability <> akla
inadvisability <> makul
inadvisability <> tavsi
inadvisable <> mantı
inadvisable <> tavsi
inadvisable <> yanlı
inadvisable <> yerin
inalienable <> devre
inalienable <> elden
inalterable <> değiş
inamorata <> aşık
inamorata <> seven
inamorata <> sevgi
inamorato <> aşık
inamorato <> sevgi
inane <> anlam
inane <> aptal
inane <> beyhu
inane <> boş
inane <> saçma
inanimate <> ölü
inanimate <> cansı
inanimate <> donuk
inanimate <> ruhsu
inanimate <> sıkıc
inanimation <> cansı
inanimation <> donuk
inanimation <> durgu
inanimation <> sıkıc
inanition <> boşlu
inanition <> gıdas
inanition <> yeter
inanition <> zafiy
inanity <> ahmak
inanity <> anlam
inanity <> boş 
inanity <> saçma
inappetence <> iştah
inapplicability <> uygul
inapplicability <> uygun
inapplicable <> alâka
inapplicable <> uygul
inapplicable <> uymay
inapplicable <> uymaz
inapposite <> münas
inapposite <> uygun
inapposite <> yersi
inappreciable <> değer
inappreciable <> küçüc
inappreciable <> takdi
inappreciable <> ufacı
inapprehensible <> anlaş
inapproachable <> mesaf
inapproachable <> ulaşı
inapproachable <> yakla
inappropriate <> uygun
inappropriate <> uymaz
inappropriate <> yersi
inappropriately <> uygun
inappropriateness <> uygun
inapt <> becer
inapt <> toy
inapt <> uygun
inapt <> yersi
inapt <> yeten
inaptitude <> becer
inaptitude <> kabil
inaptitude <> toylu
inaptitude <> uygun
inaptitude <> yersi
inarm <> deste
inarm <> elini
inarm <> silâh
inarticulata <> Eklem
inarticulate <> anlaş
inarticulate <> derdi
inarticulate <> dilsi
inarticulate <> eklem
inarticulate <> konuş
inartificial <> doğal
inartificial <> yapay
inartistic <> sanat
inasmuch <> madem
inattention <> özen
inattention <> dikka
inattention <> ihmal
inattentive <> önems
inattentive <> özen
inattentive <> özens
inattentive <> dikka
inattentive <> ihmal
inattentiveness <> dikka
inaudibility <> duyul
inaudibility <> işiti
inaudible <> duyul
inaudible <> işiti
inaugural <> açılı
inaugurate <> açılı
inaugurate <> açmak
inaugurate <> başla
inaugurate <> tören
inaugurated <> açıld
inaugurates <> açtı
inaugurating <> açılı
inauguration <> açılı
inauguration <> açma
inauguration <> görev
inaugurations <> açili
inauspicious <> şanss
inauspicious <> meşum
inauspicious <> meyme
inauspicious <> tâlih
inauspicious <> uğurs
inauspiciousness <> tâlih
inauspiciousness <> uğurs
inauthentic <> asıls
inbalance <> denge
inbalance <> orans
inboard <> gemi
inboard <> gemin
inborn <> doğal
inborn <> doğuş
inbound <> Gelen
inbounding <> Inbou
inbounds <> sadık
inbox <> gelen
inboxes <> gelen
inbred <> akrab
inbred <> doğal
inbred <> doğuş
inbreds <> Kendi
inbreed <> akrab
inbreed <> aynı
inbreeding <> aynı
incalculability <> belir
incalculability <> değiş
incalculability <> hesap
incalculable <> değiş
incalculable <> haddi
incalculable <> hesap
incalculable <> sağı
incandescence <> akkor
incandescence <> parla
incandescent <> akkor
incandescent <> göz 
incandescent <> parla
incant <> INCAN
incantation <> afsun
incantation <> büyü
incantation <> büyül
incantation <> sihir
incantations <> büyü
incapabilities <> imkan
incapability <> acizl
incapability <> elind
incapability <> kabil
incapability <> yeter
incapable <> aciz
incapable <> ehliy
incapable <> elind
incapable <> elver
incapable <> kabil
incapable <> yeter
incapacitate <> aciz
incapacitate <> alıko
incapacitate <> yapam
incapacitated <> aciz
incapacitated <> alıko
incapacitated <> mahru
incapacitating <> sakat
incapacities <> yeter
incapacity <> kapas
incapacity <> yeten
incapacity <> yeter
incapsulate <> özetl
incapsulate <> içerm
incapsulate <> kısa
incapsulate <> kapsa
incarcerate <> hapse
incarcerate <> kapat
incarcerate <> sıkış
incarcerated <> hapse
incarcerates <> hapse
incarceration <> boğma
incarceration <> hapse
incarceration <> kapat
incarceration <> sıkış
incarnadine <> pembe
incarnate <> cisim
incarnate <> insan
incarnate <> somut
incarnated <> enkar
incarnating <> enkar
incarnation <> canlı
incarnation <> cisim
incarnation <> vücut
incarnations <> enkar
incase <> örtme
incase <> kabın
incautious <> düşün
incautious <> gafil
incautious <> hazır
incautious <> ihtiy
incautious <> tedbi
incendiarism <> kışkı
incendiarism <> kızış
incendiarism <> kunda
incendiary <> kışkı
incendiary <> kunda
incendiary <> tahri
incendiary <> yangı
incendivity <> Tutuş
incense <> çiled
incense <> buhur
incense <> kızdı
incense <> pohpo
incense <> sinir
incense <> tütsü
incense <> yağla
incensed <> öfkel
incensed <> kızgı
incensory <> buhur
incensory <> tütsü
incentive <> özend
incentive <> dürtü
incentive <> güdü
incentive <> harek
incentive <> istek
incentive <> teşvi
incentives <> teşvi
incentivise <> incen
incentivised <> incen
incentivising <> teşvi
inception <> başla
inceptive <> bağla
inceptive <> başla
inceptive <> başta
incertitude <> şüphe
incertitude <> karar
incertitude <> tered
incessant <> aralı
incessant <> ardı
incessant <> devam
incessant <> sürek
incessantly <> aralı
incessantly <> ardı
incessantly <> sürek
incest <> enses
incest <> yakın
incestuous <> enses
inch <> az 
inch <> inç
inch <> inçli
inch <> yavaş
inched <> inçli
inchers <> inçli
inches <> inç
inchoate <> geliş
inchoate <> tam
inchoate <> tam 
inchoate <> yeni
inchoative <> başla
inchoative <> yeni
incidence <> etki
incidence <> insid
incidence <> isabe
incidence <> oran
incidence <> rastl
incidence <> tesad
incident <> özel
incident <> ayrıc
incident <> hadis
incident <> kaza
incident <> olay
incident <> perde
incident <> yük
incident <> yükle
incidental <> önems
incidental <> özgü
incidental <> bağlı
incidental <> isteğ
incidental <> küçük
incidental <> olası
incidental <> tesad
incidentally <> şans
incidentally <> bu 
incidentally <> lâf a
incidentally <> tesad
incidentally <> yakın
incidentaloma <> insid
incidentals <> Olası
incidently <> şans
incidently <> bu 
incidently <> lâf a
incidently <> tesad
incidently <> yakın
incidents <> olay
incinerate <> yakıp
incinerate <> yakma
incinerated <> yakıl
incinerating <> yakma
incineration <> ölü 
incineration <> yakma
incinerator <> çöp 
incinerator <> yakma
incinerators <> yakma
incipience <> başla
incipiency <> başla
incipiency <> incip
incipient <> başla
incipient <> yeni
incipiently <> başla
incisal <> insiz
incise <> deşme
incise <> hakke
incise <> kazım
incise <> oymak
incise <> yarma
incised <> kazım
incising <> kesis
incision <> deşme
incision <> kesi
incision <> kesik
incision <> yarık
incision <> yarma
incisional <> insiz
incisions <> kesil
incisive <> acı
incisive <> dokun
incisive <> kesic
incisive <> keski
incisive <> zekic
incisively <> keski
incisiveness <> açıkg
incisiveness <> zekil
incisor <> kesic
incisors <> kesic
incisory <> kesic
incitation <> ayart
incitation <> kışkı
incitation <> tahri
incitation <> teşvi
incite <> ayart
incite <> dürtm
incite <> kışkı
incite <> kızış
incite <> tahri
incite <> teşvi
incited <> kışkı
incitement <> kışkı
incitement <> tahri
incitement <> teşvi
incitements <> teşvi
incites <> teşvi
inciting <> teşvi
incivility <> kaba
incivility <> kabal
incivility <> nezak
inclemency <> sertl
inclemency <> soğuk
inclement <> acıma
inclement <> fırtı
inclement <> haşin
inclement <> sert
inclement <> soğuk
incles <> Incle
inclinable <> eğili
inclinable <> eğril
inclinable <> istek
inclinable <> meyil
inclination <> beğen
inclination <> eğikl
inclination <> eğili
inclination <> eğilm
inclination <> eğim
inclination <> heves
inclination <> meyil
inclinations <> eğili
incline <> çalma
incline <> baş 
incline <> eğili
incline <> eğilm
incline <> eğim
incline <> eğiml
incline <> eğmek
incline <> meyil
incline <> meyle
incline <> neden
incline <> sürük
incline <> yönle
incline <> yatır
incline <> yatkı
incline <> yatma
incline <> yokuş
inclined <> eğik
inclined <> eğili
inclined <> eğiml
inclined <> eli 
inclined <> istek
inclined <> meyil
inclined <> yatkı
inclined <> yeten
inclines <> eğiml
inclining <> eğme
inclinometer <> eğim
inclinometer <> meyil
inclinometers <> eğim
inclose <> çevir
inclose <> çevre
inclose <> etraf
inclose <> içerm
inclose <> ilişt
inclose <> kapat
inclose <> kapsa
inclose <> kuşat
inclosing <> içine
inclosure <> çevir
inclosure <> çevri
inclosure <> çit
inclosure <> duvar
inclosure <> ilişi
inclosure <> kapam
include <> dahil
include <> içerm
include <> içine
include <> kapsa
include <> katma
included <> dahil
included <> içind
includes <> içeri
including <> dahil
including <> içere
including <> kapsa
inclusion <> dahil
inclusion <> içerm
inclusion <> içine
inclusion <> kapsa
inclusionary <> kapsa
inclusions <> kapan
inclusive <> dahil
inclusive <> içere
inclusive <> içine
inclusive <> kapsa
inclusiveness <> kapsa
incognito <> imzas
incognito <> kılık
incognito <> kimli
incognito <> sahte
incognito <> takma
incognito <> tebdi
incognizant <> haber
incognizant <> tanım
incoherence <> anlam
incoherence <> ipe 
incoherence <> tutar
incoherency <> bağda
incoherent <> abuk
incoherent <> anlam
incoherent <> bağda
incoherent <> ipe 
incoherent <> tutar
incoherently <> tutar
incombustibility <> yanma
incombustible <> tutuş
incombustible <> yanma
income <> bütçe
income <> gelir
income <> kazan
incomer <> göçme
incomer <> yeni
incomer <> yerin
incomes <> gelir
incoming <> gelen
incoming <> giren
incoming <> yeni
incommensurable <> ölçül
incommensurable <> ölçüs
incommensurable <> bağda
incommensurable <> kıyas
incommensurable <> orans
incommensurate <> ölçül
incommensurate <> eksik
incommensurate <> kıyas
incommensurate <> kusur
incommensurate <> orans
incommensurate <> yeter
incommode <> rahat
incommode <> sıkma
incommode <> zahme
incommodious <> kulla
incommodious <> rahat
incommodious <> zahme
incommunicable <> anlat
incommunicable <> payla
incommunicable <> söyle
incommunicado <> hücre
incommunicado <> kimse
incommunicative <> ağzı
incommunicative <> ketum
incommunicative <> konuş
incommunicative <> lâf ç
incomparable <> eşsiz
incomparable <> emsal
incomparable <> kıyas
incomparably <> kıyas
incompatibilities <> uyums
incompatibility <> anlaş
incompatibility <> geçim
incompatibility <> tezat
incompatibility <> uyuşm
incompatibility <> uyums
incompatible <> bağda
incompatible <> farkl
incompatible <> uyuşm
incompatible <> uyums
incompatibly <> uyums
incompetence <> becer
incompetence <> ehliy
incompetence <> eksik
incompetence <> yeter
incompetence <> yetki
incompetency <> tam
incompetent <> becer
incompetent <> eksik
incompetent <> yeter
incompetent <> yetki
incomplete <> bitme
incomplete <> eksik
incomplete <> kusur
incomplete <> tamam
incompleted <> tamam
incompletely <> eksik
incompletely <> tamam
incompletely <> yarım
incompleteness <> eksik
incompliance <> uygun
incompliant <> aykır
incomprehensibility <> akıl
incomprehensibility <> anlaş
incomprehensible <> akıl
incomprehensible <> anlaş
incomprehensibly <> anlaş
incomprehension <> akıl
incomprehension <> anlay
incomprehension <> idrak
incomprehensive <> tam
incompressibility <> sıkış
incompressible <> sıkış
incompressible <> sert
incomputable <> hesap
inconceivable <> akıl
inconceivable <> anlaş
inconceivable <> inanı
inconceivable <> kavra
inconclusive <> ikna
inconclusive <> sonuç
inconclusive <> yeter
inconclusively <> olduğ
incondensable <> yoğun
incondite <> incel
incondite <> kötü
incondite <> kaba
incongruence <> uyums
incongruent <> uyums
incongruities <> aykır
incongruity <> aykır
incongruity <> bağda
incongruity <> faklı
incongruity <> uyuşm
incongruity <> yersi
incongruous <> acayi
incongruous <> aykır
incongruous <> farkl
incongruous <> saçma
incongruous <> uygun
incongruous <> uyums
incongruous <> yersi
inconsequence <> mantı
inconsequence <> tutar
inconsequent <> alâka
inconsequent <> konu
inconsequent <> mantı
inconsequent <> tutar
inconsequential <> önems
inconsequential <> alâka
inconsequential <> konu
inconsequential <> mantı
inconsequential <> tutar
inconsequently <> tutar
inconsiderable <> önems
inconsiderable <> az
inconsiderable <> dikka
inconsiderable <> küçük
inconsiderate <> anlay
inconsiderate <> düşün
inconsiderate <> ihtiy
inconsiderate <> saygı
inconsiderate <> tedbi
inconsiderateness <> düşün
inconsiderateness <> saygı
inconsiderateness <> tedbi
inconsistencies <> tutar
inconsistency <> aykır
inconsistency <> bağda
inconsistency <> karar
inconsistency <> tutar
inconsistency <> uyuşm
inconsistency <> uyums
inconsistent <> aykır
inconsistent <> bağda
inconsistent <> değiş
inconsistent <> karar
inconsistent <> saati
inconsistent <> tutar
inconsistent <> uyuşm
inconsistently <> tutar
inconsolable <> avutu
inconsolable <> tesel
inconsonance <> ahenk
inconsonance <> uyums
inconsonant <> ahenk
inconsonant <> uyums
inconspicuous <> önems
inconspicuous <> farke
inconspicuous <> göze
inconspicuously <> dikka
inconspicuously <> göze
inconstancy <> dönek
inconstancy <> değiş
inconstancy <> sabit
inconstancy <> sadak
inconstant <> dönek
inconstant <> değiş
inconstant <> gelge
inconstant <> karar
inconstant <> sabit
inconstant <> sadak
inconstant <> vefas
inconsumable <> harca
inconsumable <> kulla
inconsumable <> tüket
incontestable <> inkâr
incontestable <> itira
incontestable <> su
incontestable <> su 
incontestable <> tartı
incontinence <> çişin
incontinence <> duram
incontinence <> inkon
incontinence <> kendi
incontinency <> inkon
incontinent <> idrar
incontinent <> kendi
incontinent <> nefsi
incontinently <> duram
incontinently <> hemen
incontinently <> kendi
incontrovertible <> apaçı
incontrovertible <> inkâr
incontrovertible <> su
incontrovertible <> su 
incontrovertible <> yadsı
inconvenience <> külfe
inconvenience <> mahzu
inconvenience <> rahat
inconvenience <> sıkın
inconvenience <> sakın
inconvenience <> uygun
inconvenience <> zahme
inconvenienced <> zor
inconveniences <> sakın
inconvenient <> elver
inconvenient <> külfe
inconvenient <> rahat
inconvenient <> sakın
inconvenient <> uygun
inconvenient <> vakit
inconvenient <> zahme
inconvenient <> zor
inconveniently <> münas
inconvertible <> altın
inconvertible <> bozul
inconvertible <> değiş
inconvertible <> konve
inconvertible <> paray
incoordination <> koord
incorporate <> anoni
incorporate <> birle
incorporate <> dahil
incorporate <> katıl
incorporate <> katma
incorporate <> tüzel
incorporated <> anoni
incorporated <> birle
incorporated <> katıl
incorporated <> tüzel
incorporates <> birle
incorporating <> birle
incorporation <> şirke
incorporation <> birle
incorporation <> katma
incorporations <> kurum
incorporator <> kuruc
incorporators <> kuruc
incorporeal <> cisim
incorporeal <> maddi
incorporeal <> manev
incorrect <> hatal
incorrect <> münas
incorrect <> uygun
incorrect <> yanlı
incorrectly <> hatal
incorrectly <> münas
incorrectly <> yanlı
incorrigible <> ıslah
incorrigible <> adam
incorrigible <> düzel
incorrigible <> uslan
incorrigible <> yola
incorruptibility <> bozul
incorruptibility <> dürüs
incorruptibility <> rüşve
incorruptible <> çürüm
incorruptible <> bozul
incorruptible <> dürüs
incorruptible <> rüşve
incorruption <> çürüm
incorruption <> bozul
incorruption <> dürüs
incorruption <> rüşve
increase <> çoğal
increase <> üreme
increase <> artış
increase <> artır
increase <> artma
increase <> büyüm
increase <> yükse
increase <> yavru
increase <> zam 
increased <> arttı
increasement <> artış
increaser <> arttı
increasers <> Yükse
increases <> artar
increaseth <> arttı
increasing <> çoğal
increasing <> artır
increasing <> artan
increasingly <> artan
increasingly <> gider
increasingly <> gitgi
incredibility <> akıl
incredibility <> inanı
incredible <> şaşır
incredible <> akıl
incredible <> inanı
incredible <> olağa
incredibly <> inanı
incredulity <> şüphe
incredulity <> inanm
incredulity <> kuşku
incredulous <> güven
incredulous <> inanm
incredulous <> kuşku
incredulous <> zor 
increment <> çoğal
increment <> artış
increment <> artım
increment <> artma
increment <> kâr
increment <> kazan
incremental <> artım
incrementally <> artım
incrementals <> incre
incremented <> artır
incrementing <> artan
increments <> artış
incriminate <> suçla
incriminate <> suçlu
incriminate <> suçu
incriminating <> suçla
incrimination <> suçla
incriminatory <> suçla
incrust <> kabuk
incrust <> kapla
incrustation <> kabuk
incrustation <> kapla
incubate <> üretm
incubate <> civci
incubate <> kafas
incubate <> kuluç
incubate <> tasar
incubated <> inküb
incubates <> kuluç
incubating <> inküb
incubation <> civci
incubation <> inküb
incubation <> kuluç
incubations <> inküb
incubator <> bakte
incubator <> kuluç
incubator <> kuvöz
incubators <> kuluç
incubus <> ağır
incubus <> kâbus
incubus <> karab
incubus <> sıkın
inculcate <> kafas
inculcate <> telki
inculcated <> telki
inculcates <> telki
inculcation <> telki
inculcations <> telki
inculpate <> suç 
inculpate <> suça
inculpate <> suçla
inculpation <> itham
inculpation <> suça
inculpation <> suçla
incumbency <> ödev
incumbency <> görev
incumbency <> vazif
incumbency <> yüküm
incumbency <> zorun
incumbent <> üzeri
incumbent <> düşen
incumbent <> görev
incumbent <> mahal
incumbent <> memur
incumbent <> yüküm
incumbent <> zorun
incunabula <> Incun
incunabula <> başla
incur <> girme
incur <> maruz
incur <> tutul
incur <> uğram
incur <> yakal
incur <> yarat
incurability <> çares
incurability <> şifa
incurability <> tedav
incurable <> çares
incurable <> derma
incurable <> iyi 
incurable <> tedav
incuriosity <> merak
incurious <> dikka
incurious <> ilgis
incurious <> kayıt
incurious <> merak
incuriously <> ilgis
incuriously <> merak
incurred <> tahak
incurring <> üstle
incursion <> akın
incursion <> baskı
incursion <> hücum
incursion <> istil
incursion <> tecâv
incursions <> akınl
incurvation <> içine
incurve <> eğmek
incus <> örs
incus <> örs 
incuse <> damga
incuse <> para
indapamide <> indap
indebted <> borçl
indebted <> müteş
indebted <> minne
indebted <> teşek
indebtedness <> borçl
indebtedness <> minne
indebtment <> borçl
indecency <> açık
indecency <> ahlak
indecency <> gerek
indecency <> uygun
indecency <> yersi
indecent <> açık
indecent <> edeps
indecent <> gerek
indecent <> uygun
indecent <> yersi
indecipherable <> çözül
indecipherable <> deşif
indecipherable <> okuna
indecision <> karar
indecision <> tered
indecisions <> karar
indecisive <> şüphe
indecisive <> karar
indecisive <> kuşku
indecisiveness <> karar
indeclinable <> çekim
indecorous <> ayıp
indecorous <> ters
indecorous <> toplu
indecorous <> uygun
indecorum <> ayıp
indecorum <> terbi
indecorum <> uygun
indecorum <> yakış
indeed <> aslın
indeed <> cidde
indeed <> doğru
indeed <> gerçe
indefatigable <> bıkma
indefatigable <> yorul
indefatigably <> yorul
indefeasible <> feshe
indefeasible <> iptal
indefectible <> bozul
indefectible <> kusur
indefensible <> affed
indefensible <> mazur
indefensible <> savun
indefinable <> şüphe
indefinable <> belir
indefinable <> tanım
indefinable <> tarif
indefinite <> belgi
indefinite <> belir
indefinite <> kesin
indefinite <> süres
indefinite <> sayıs
indefinite <> sonsu
indefinitely <> belir
indefinitely <> süres
indefiniteness <> belir
indefiniteness <> süres
indefiniteness <> sınır
indefiniteness <> sonsu
indelible <> sabit
indelible <> silin
indelibly <> silin
indelicacy <> kabal
indelicacy <> nezak
indelicacy <> terbi
indelicate <> kaba
indelicate <> nezak
indelicate <> terbi
indelicate <> uygun
indemnification <> güven
indemnification <> kefal
indemnification <> tazmi
indemnification <> temin
indemnification <> zarar
indemnified <> tazmi
indemnifies <> tazmi
indemnify <> ödeme
indemnify <> dokun
indemnify <> korum
indemnify <> sigor
indemnify <> tazmi
indemnify <> temin
indemnify <> zarar
indemnifying <> tazmi
indemnitee <> Tazmi
indemnities <> tazmi
indemnitor <> Tazmi
indemnity <> cezas
indemnity <> güven
indemnity <> korum
indemnity <> tazmi
indemnity <> temin
indemnity <> zarar
indene <> inden
indent <> çöker
indent <> çenti
indent <> çentm
indent <> çift
indent <> çukur
indent <> diş 
indent <> dişli
indent <> girin
indent <> kenar
indent <> kertm
indent <> parag
indent <> resme
indent <> resmi
indent <> satır
indent <> sipar
indentation <> çenti
indentation <> diş 
indentation <> girin
indentation <> körfe
indentation <> koy
indentation <> parag
indentation <> satır
indentations <> iz
indented <> dişle
indented <> dişli
indented <> girin
indented <> kalıp
indented <> sözle
indented <> senet
indenter <> ucu
indenting <> girin
indention <> diş 
indention <> parag
indention <> satır
indents <> girin
indenture <> diş 
indenture <> kontr
indenture <> sözle
indenture <> senet
indentured <> sözle
independence <> özgür
independence <> bağım
independence <> hürri
independence <> istik
independence <> kimse
independence <> serbe
independences <> Kurtu
independency <> özgür
independency <> bağım
independent <> özgür
independent <> bağım
independent <> hür
independent <> kendi
independent <> maddi
independent <> serbe
independently <> bağım
independents <> Bağım
inderite <> İnder
indescribable <> anlat
indescribable <> belir
indescribable <> tanım
indescribable <> tarif
indestructibility <> dayan
indestructibility <> tahri
indestructibility <> yıkıl
indestructible <> dayan
indestructible <> yıkıl
indestructible <> yok
indestructible <> yok 
indetectable <> tutma
indeterminable <> belir
indeterminable <> karar
indeterminacy <> belir
indeterminate <> belir
indeterminate <> belli
indeterminate <> karar
indeterminate <> süres
indeterminate <> tered
indeterminateness <> belir
indetermination <> irade
indetermined <> Arada
index <> ayarl
index <> fihri
index <> göste
index <> işare
index <> ibre
index <> indek
index <> yasak
indexable <> indek
indexation <> endek
indexed <> endek
indexes <> endek
indexing <> endek
india <> Hindi
india <> Türki
indias <> India
indicate <> çıtla
indicate <> belir
indicate <> bildi
indicate <> göste
indicate <> gerek
indicate <> işare
indicated <> göste
indicates <> göste
indicating <> belir
indication <> çıtla
indication <> ölçüm
indication <> belir
indication <> bulgu
indication <> göste
indication <> işare
indications <> endik
indicative <> belir
indicative <> bildi
indicative <> göste
indicative <> haber
indicatively <> göste
indicator <> belir
indicator <> bildi
indicator <> göste
indicator <> işare
indicator <> indek
indicator <> indik
indicators <> göste
indicatrix <> göste
indice <> endek
indices <> endek
indicium <> pul
indicium <> pul 
indicolite <> İndik
indict <> dava
indict <> kâğıd
indict <> kalem
indict <> suçla
indict <> yazdı
indict <> yazma
indictable <> suçla
indicted <> itham
indictee <> zanlı
indictees <> zanlı
indicting <> suçla
indictment <> dava
indictment <> iddia
indictment <> itham
indictment <> suçla
indictments <> iddia
indicts <> suçla
indifference <> önems
indifference <> aldır
indifference <> duygu
indifference <> hissi
indifference <> ilgil
indifference <> ilgis
indifference <> kayıt
indifference <> taraf
indifference <> umurs
indifferences <> ilgis
indifferent <> önems
indifferent <> şöyle
indifferent <> aldır
indifferent <> berba
indifferent <> farks
indifferent <> hissi
indifferent <> ilgis
indifferent <> kötü
indifferent <> kayıt
indifferent <> lakay
indifferent <> vasat
indifferentism <> dinse
indifferently <> aldır
indifferently <> kötü
indifferently <> kayıt
indifferently <> taraf
indifferently <> vasat
indigence <> fakir
indigence <> paras
indigence <> yoksu
indigenes <> yerli
indigenisation <> yerli
indigenization <> yerli
indigenous <> özgü
indigenous <> doğal
indigenous <> yörey
indigenous <> yerli
indigenously <> yerli
indigent <> fakir
indigent <> muhta
indigent <> yoksu
indigents <> yoksu
indigested <> düşün
indigested <> düzen
indigested <> hazme
indigestible <> ağır
indigestible <> hazmı
indigestible <> sindi
indigestion <> dispe
indigestion <> hazım
indigestion <> sindi
indignance <> kızgı
indignant <> öfkel
indignant <> içerl
indignant <> kızgı
indignant <> prote
indignantly <> kızgı
indignantly <> prote
indignation <> öfke
indignation <> haksı
indignation <> içerl
indignation <> kızgı
indignation <> kızma
indignities <> onur
indignity <> gurur
indignity <> hakar
indignity <> rezal
indignity <> saygı
indigo <> çivit
indigos <> Indig
indigotic <> çivit
indinavir <> İndin
indirect <> aldat
indirect <> doğru
indirect <> dolam
indirect <> dolay
indirect <> endir
indirect <> imalı
indirect <> kinay
indirection <> üçkâğ
indirection <> doğru
indirection <> dolay
indirectly <> dolam
indirectly <> dolay
indirectly <> endir
indirectness <> dolay
indiscernible <> ayırt
indiscernible <> farke
indiscipline <> disip
indiscipline <> itaat
indiscoverable <> farkı
indiscoverable <> keşfe
indiscoverable <> ortay
indiscreet <> ağzın
indiscreet <> boşbo
indiscreet <> düşün
indiscreet <> gerek
indiscreet <> gevez
indiscreet <> patav
indiscreet <> yersi
indiscreetly <> boşbo
indiscrete <> bölün
indiscrete <> homoj
indiscretion <> boşbo
indiscretion <> düşün
indiscretion <> gevez
indiscretion <> patav
indiscretion <> yersi
indiscretions <> patav
indiscriminate <> ayırt
indiscriminate <> ayrım
indiscriminate <> fark
indiscriminate <> geliş
indiscriminate <> rasge
indiscriminately <> geliş
indiscrimination <> ayıra
indiscrimination <> ayırt
indiscrimination <> geliş
indiscrimination <> karış
indispensability <> kaçın
indispensability <> mecbu
indispensability <> zorun
indispensable <> öncel
indispensable <> gerek
indispensable <> kaçın
indispensable <> mecbu
indispensable <> zarur
indispensable <> zorun
indispensables <> vazge
indispensably <> vazge
indispensible <> öncel
indispensible <> gerek
indispensible <> kaçın
indispensible <> mecbu
indispensible <> zarur
indispensible <> zorun
indispose <> bozma
indispose <> elver
indispose <> hasta
indispose <> heves
indispose <> keyfi
indispose <> soğut
indisposed <> istek
indisposed <> keyfi
indisposed <> keyif
indisposed <> rahat
indisposed <> soğum
indisposition <> gönül
indisposition <> istek
indisposition <> keyif
indisposition <> rahat
indisputability <> su 
indisputability <> tartı
indisputable <> şüphe
indisputable <> inkâr
indisputable <> kesin
indisputable <> su 
indisputable <> tartı
indisputably <> tartı
indissolubility <> çözün
indissolubility <> ayrıl
indissolubility <> bozul
indissoluble <> çözün
indissoluble <> ayrış
indissoluble <> ayrıl
indissoluble <> bozul
indissoluble <> daimi
indissoluble <> erime
indissoluble <> sağla
indissolubly <> ayrıl
indistinct <> belir
indistinct <> belli
indistinct <> bulan
indistinct <> hayal
indistinctive <> ayırt
indistinctly <> belir
indistinctly <> belli
indistinctly <> hayal
indistinctness <> ayırt
indistinctness <> belir
indistinctness <> bulan
indistinguishable <> ayırt
indistinguishable <> benze
indistinguishable <> farks
indistinguishably <> ayırt
indite <> dava
indite <> kâğıd
indite <> kalem
indite <> suçla
indite <> yazdı
indite <> yazma
indium <> indiy
individual <> özel
individual <> özgün
individual <> şahıs
individual <> şahsi
individual <> başlı
individual <> birbi
individual <> birey
individual <> fert
individual <> kişi
individual <> kişis
individual <> tek
individualisation <> birey
individualised <> birey
individualism <> benci
individualism <> birey
individualist <> birey
individualistic <> birey
individualists <> birey
individuality <> özgün
individuality <> şahsi
individuality <> benli
individuality <> birey
individuality <> ferdi
individuality <> kendi
individuality <> oriji
individualization <> birey
individualize <> ayrı
individualize <> birey
individualize <> ferdi
individualize <> tek 
individualized <> birey
individualizing <> ,
individually <> ayrı
individuals <> birey
individuate <> özgün
individuate <> ayırt
individuate <> birey
individuated <> birey
individuation <> birey
indivisibility <> bölün
indivisible <> bölün
indivisible <> kesir
indocile <> idare
indocile <> inatç
indocility <> idare
indocility <> inatç
indoctrinate <> öğret
indoctrinate <> aşıla
indoctrinate <> beyni
indoctrinate <> doktr
indoctrinate <> telki
indoctrination <> öğret
indoctrination <> beyin
indoctrination <> doktr
indoctrination <> zorla
indoctrinator <> öğret
indoctrinator <> beyi
indoctrinator <> doktr
indocyanine <> indos
indole <> indol
indoleacetic <> indol
indolence <> üşeng
indolence <> ağrıs
indolence <> tembe
indolence <> uyuşu
indolent <> üşeng
indolent <> ağırk
indolent <> ağrı
indolent <> ağrıs
indolent <> tembe
indolent <> uyuşu
indoles <> indol
indomethacin <> indom
indomitable <> boyun
indomitable <> diren
indomitable <> yılma
indones <> Indon
indoor <> dahil
indoor <> ev 
indoor <> içeri
indoor <> kapal
indoors <> evde
indoors <> eve
indoors <> içeri
indorse <> arkas
indorse <> ciro
indorse <> deste
indorse <> onayl
indorsee <> ciro
indorsee <> lehda
indorsement <> açıkl
indorsement <> ciro
indorsement <> deste
indorsement <> onay
indorser <> ciro
indorser <> ciroc
indraft <> içeri
indraught <> içeri
indrawn <> içeri
indubitable <> şüphe
indubitable <> kesin
indubitable <> kuşku
induce <> ikna
induce <> indük
induce <> kandı
induce <> neden
induce <> sebep
induce <> sonuç
induce <> teşvi
induce <> uyarm
induced <> indük
induced <> tesir
induced <> uyarı
inducement <> ikna
inducement <> kandı
inducement <> neden
inducement <> rüşve
inducement <> sebep
inducement <> teşvi
inducement <> yönle
inducements <> tahri
inducer <> indük
inducers <> uyara
induces <> indük
inducibility <> indük
inducible <> indük
inducing <> indük
induct <> almak
induct <> asker
induct <> başla
induct <> resme
inductance <> öz 
inductance <> indük
inductances <> endük
inducted <> endük
inductee <> acemi
induction <> asker
induction <> başla
induction <> giriş
induction <> ileri
induction <> indük
induction <> neden
induction <> resme
induction <> tümev
inductions <> indük
inductive <> doğum
inductive <> indük
inductive <> tümev
inductively <> indük
inductivity <> endük
inductor <> indük
inductors <> indük
inductotherm <> Induc
indulge <> şımar
indulge <> boyun
indulge <> haz 
indulge <> hoşgö
indulge <> içmek
indulge <> izin
indulge <> memnu
indulge <> sigar
indulge <> tutul
indulge <> yüz 
indulge <> zevk
indulgence <> şımar
indulgence <> anlay
indulgence <> bağım
indulgence <> boyun
indulgence <> günah
indulgence <> haz
indulgence <> hoşgö
indulgence <> müsam
indulgence <> tutku
indulgence <> yüz 
indulgence <> zevk
indulgences <> günah
indulgent <> anlay
indulgent <> hoşgö
indulgent <> yüz 
indulgently <> anlay
indulgently <> hoşgö
indulging <> düşkü
indurate <> duygu
indurate <> hissi
indurate <> katıl
indurate <> sağla
indurate <> sertl
indurated <> sertl
induration <> duygu
induration <> katıl
induration <> sağla
induration <> sertl
indurations <> sertl
industrial <> endüs
industrial <> sanay
industrialisation <> sanay
industrialise <> sanay
industrialised <> sanay
industrialising <> sanay
industrialism <> sanay
industrialist <> sanay
industrialists <> sanay
industrialization <> sanay
industrialize <> sanay
industrialized <> sanay
industrializing <> sanay
industrially <> endüs
industrially <> sanay
industrials <> sanay
industries <> sanay
industrious <> çalış
industrious <> gayre
industrious <> hamar
industriously <> çalış
industriousness <> çalış
industry <> çaba
industry <> endüs
industry <> gayre
industry <> hamar
industry <> işlet
industry <> sanay
indwell <> işlem
indwell <> ikame
indwell <> nüfuz
indwell <> oturm
indwell <> oturt
indwell <> yerle
indweller <> ikame
indweller <> otura
indweller <> sakin
indwelling <> kalıc
inearthed <> Inear
inebriate <> alkol
inebriate <> ayyaş
inebriate <> başın
inebriate <> heyec
inebriate <> mest
inebriate <> sarho
inebriation <> kafay
inebriation <> sarho
inebriety <> kafay
inebriety <> sarho
inedibility <> yenme
inedible <> yenme
inedited <> basıl
inedited <> yayın
ineducable <> eğiti
ineducable <> yetiş
ineffable <> anlat
ineffable <> kelim
ineffable <> söyle
ineffable <> tarif
ineffaceable <> silin
ineffective <> başar
ineffective <> becer
ineffective <> boş
ineffective <> etkis
ineffective <> geçer
ineffective <> kabil
ineffective <> sonuç
ineffective <> yeten
ineffectively <> etkis
ineffectiveness <> başar
ineffectiveness <> etkis
ineffectual <> aciz
ineffectual <> başar
ineffectual <> becer
ineffectual <> boş
ineffectual <> etkis
ineffectual <> fayda
ineffectual <> güçsü
ineffectual <> verim
ineffectually <> İran
ineffectualness <> acizl
ineffectualness <> başar
ineffectualness <> etkis
ineffectualness <> güçsü
inefficacious <> başar
inefficacious <> becer
inefficacious <> etkis
inefficacious <> fayda
inefficacious <> geçer
inefficacious <> verim
inefficacy <> başar
inefficacy <> becer
inefficacy <> etkis
inefficacy <> sonuç
inefficacy <> yeter
inefficiencies <> yeter
inefficiency <> etkil
inefficiency <> fayda
inefficiency <> işe 
inefficiency <> sonuç
inefficiency <> verim
inefficient <> ehliy
inefficient <> etkis
inefficient <> müsri
inefficient <> savur
inefficient <> tesir
inefficient <> verim
inefficient <> yeter
inefficiently <> verim
inegalitarian <> eşits
inelaborate <> özen
inelaborate <> özens
inelastic <> elast
inelastic <> esnek
inelastic <> esnem
inelastic <> sert
inelasticity <> esnek
inelasticity <> esnem
inelasticity <> katı
inelegance <> ince
inelegance <> kabal
inelegance <> terbi
inelegant <> çirki
inelegant <> incel
inelegant <> kaba
inelegant <> terbi
ineligible <> elver
ineligible <> seçil
ineligible <> uygun
ineligible <> yeter
ineluctable <> önüne
ineluctable <> kaçın
inept <> acemi
inept <> anlam
inept <> aptal
inept <> becer
inept <> saçma
inept <> yersi
inept <> yeten
ineptitude <> acemi
ineptitude <> anlam
ineptitude <> aptal
ineptitude <> becer
ineptitude <> kabil
ineptitude <> saçma
ineptitude <> yersi
ineptness <> anlam
ineptness <> becer
ineptness <> saçma
ineptness <> yersi
inequable <> değiş
inequable <> denge
inequal <> eşits
inequalities <> eşits
inequality <> düzen
inequality <> değiş
inequality <> eşits
inequality <> farkl
inequality <> sapma
inequations <> eşits
inequilibrium <> denge
inequitable <> adale
inequitable <> haksı
inequitable <> insaf
inequities <> eşits
inequity <> adale
inequity <> haksı
inequity <> insaf
ineradicable <> kökü
ineradicable <> köklü
ineradicable <> sökül
inerasable <> çıkma
inerasable <> silin
inerrable <> hata
inerrable <> yanıl
inerrancy <> yanıl
inerrant <> hata
inerrant <> yanıl
inert <> atıl
inert <> dingi
inert <> durağ
inert <> etkin
inert <> harek
inert <> tembe
inert <> uyuşu
inert <> uyuz
inertia <> atale
inertia <> dingi
inertia <> durağ
inertia <> etkil
inertia <> harek
inertia <> süred
inertia <> tembe
inertia <> uyuşu
inertial <> atale
inertias <> Eylem
inertness <> cansı
inertness <> durgu
inertness <> harek
inertness <> uyuşu
inescapable <> kaçın
inescapable <> sakın
inescapably <> kaçın
inessential <> önems
inessential <> gerek
inessential <> lüzum
inessive <> içind
inestimable <> hesap
inestimable <> paha
inevitability <> çares
inevitability <> kaçın
inevitable <> çares
inevitable <> bekle
inevitable <> kaçın
inevitable <> malum
inevitable <> umula
inevitably <> kaçın
inexact <> hatal
inexact <> yanlı
inexactitude <> hatal
inexactitude <> yanlı
inexactness <> hatal
inexactness <> yanlı
inexcusable <> affed
inexcusable <> bağış
inexcusable <> mazur
inexcusably <> bağış
inexhaustibility <> bitip
inexhaustibility <> bitme
inexhaustibility <> yorul
inexhaustible <> bitip
inexhaustible <> bitme
inexhaustible <> tüken
inexhaustible <> yorul
inexistent <> yok
inexorability <> acıma
inexorability <> amans
inexorability <> diren
inexorability <> insaf
inexorable <> acıma
inexorable <> amans
inexorable <> boyun
inexorable <> merha
inexorably <> kaçın
inexpediency <> gerek
inexpediency <> münas
inexpediency <> uygun
inexpediency <> yarar
inexpediency <> yersi
inexpedient <> akıls
inexpedient <> münas
inexpedient <> uygun
inexpedient <> yarar
inexpedient <> yersi
inexpensive <> masra
inexpensive <> ucuz
inexpensively <> hesap
inexpensiveness <> ucuzl
inexperience <> acemi
inexperience <> cahil
inexperience <> deney
inexperience <> tecrü
inexperience <> toylu
inexperienced <> acemi
inexperienced <> deney
inexperienced <> tecrü
inexperienced <> toy
inexpert <> acemi
inexpert <> becer
inexpert <> deney
inexpiable <> affed
inexpiable <> bastı
inexpiable <> telâf
inexpiable <> yatış
inexplicable <> açıkl
inexplicable <> anlaş
inexplicably <> açıkl
inexplicably <> izah
inexplicit <> çapra
inexplicit <> açık
inexplicit <> karış
inexplicit <> net 
inexpressible <> anlat
inexpressible <> ifade
inexpressible <> kelim
inexpressible <> tarif
inexpressibly <> anlat
inexpressibly <> tarif
inexpressive <> ağzı
inexpressive <> anlam
inexpressive <> ifade
inexpressive <> söyle
inexpressively <> anlam
inexpressiveness <> anlam
inexpugnable <> durdu
inexpugnable <> yenil
inextinguishable <> bastı
inextinguishable <> söndü
inextinguishable <> sönme
inextinguishable <> yatış
inextricable <> içind
inextricable <> kaçın
inextricable <> karış
inextricably <> ayrıl
infallibilism <> Yanıl
infallibility <> şaşma
infallibility <> yanıl
infallible <> şaşma
infallible <> muhak
infallible <> mutlâ
infallible <> yanıl
infame <> Infam
infamous <> adı 
infamous <> berba
infamous <> kötü
infamous <> kepaz
infamous <> rezil
infamous <> utanç
infamous <> yüz 
infamousness <> kepaz
infamousness <> rezal
infamousness <> rezil
infamy <> kötü
infamy <> kepaz
infamy <> rezil
infamy <> utanç
infancy <> çocuk
infancy <> başla
infancy <> bebek
infant <> çocuk
infant <> başla
infant <> bebek
infant <> küçük
infanta <> İspan
infanta <> prens
infantas <> Infan
infante <> İspan
infante <> prens
infantes <> Infan
infanticide <> çocuk
infanticide <> bebek
infantile <> çocuk
infantile <> başla
infantile <> bebek
infantry <> piyad
infantryman <> piyad
infantrymen <> piyad
infants <> bebek
infarct <> enfar
infarcted <> enfar
infarction <> damar
infarction <> infar
infarctions <> infar
infarcts <> infar
infatuate <> çılgı
infatuate <> aklın
infatuated <> aklı
infatuated <> delic
infatuated <> karas
infatuation <> delic
infatuation <> karas
infatuation <> sevda
infatuation <> vurul
infatuator <> Infat
infeasible <> olurl
infect <> aşıla
infect <> bozma
infect <> bulaş
infect <> enfek
infected <> enfek
infecting <> enfek
infection <> bozul
infection <> bulaş
infection <> enfek
infections <> enfek
infectious <> bulaş
infectiousness <> bulaş
infectiousness <> etkil
infective <> enfek
infectivity <> enfek
infector <> virüs
infects <> bozar
infectuous <> bulaş
infeed <> besle
infelicitous <> mutsu
infelicitous <> tâlih
infelicitous <> uygun
infelicitous <> yersi
infelicity <> mutsu
infelicity <> tâlih
infelicity <> yersi
infer <> anlam
infer <> infer
infer <> sonuç
inferable <> anlaş
inference <> anlam
inference <> sonuç
inferences <> çıkar
inferencing <> kesti
inferential <> anlaş
inferential <> sonuç
inferior <> aşağı
inferior <> alt
inferior <> ast
inferior <> ast 
inferior <> bayağ
inferior <> değer
inferior <> kalit
inferiority <> aşağı
inferiority <> adili
inferiority <> astlı
inferiority <> bayağ
inferiorly <> infer
inferiors <> ikinc
infernal <> şeyta
infernal <> berba
infernal <> cehen
infernal <> iğren
inferno <> cehen
infernos <> cehen
inferring <> çıkar
infertile <> çorak
infertile <> kıraç
infertile <> kısır
infertile <> verim
infertility <> çorak
infertility <> kısır
infertility <> verim
infest <> bürüm
infest <> doldu
infest <> istil
infest <> kapla
infest <> zarar
infestation <> bürüm
infestation <> istil
infestation <> sarma
infestations <> enfes
infested <> musal
infesting <> İstil
infests <> tasal
infidel <> gâvur
infidel <> imans
infidel <> kâfir
infidelities <> Infid
infidelity <> aldat
infidelity <> hıyan
infidelity <> ihane
infidelity <> imans
infidelity <> kâfir
infidelity <> zina
infidels <> Kâfir
infield <> çiftl
infield <> sahan
infield <> tarla
infighting <> iç
infighting <> iç 
infighting <> yakın
infill <> dolgu
infilled <> dolgu
infilling <> dolgu
infillings <> dolgu
infills <> dolgu
infiltrate <> gizli
infiltrate <> süzme
infiltrate <> sızma
infiltrate <> sokul
infiltrated <> infil
infiltrates <> infil
infiltrating <> infil
infiltration <> süzül
infiltration <> süzme
infiltration <> sızma
infiltrations <> infil
infiltrative <> infil
infiltrator <> ajan
infiltrator <> casus
infiltrator <> köste
infiltrators <> ajanl
infinite <> sınır
infinite <> sayıs
infinite <> sonsu
infinitely <> son
infinitely <> son 
infiniteness <> sınır
infinitesimal <> bölün
infinitesimal <> son 
infinitesimal <> sonsu
infinities <> sonsu
infinitival <> masta
infinitive <> eylem
infinitive <> masta
infinitively <> Kadem
infinitives <> masta
infinito <> Infin
infinitude <> sınır
infinitude <> sonsu
infinitum <> sonsu
infinity <> sınır
infinity <> sonsu
infirm <> halsi
infirm <> hasta
infirm <> karar
infirm <> sakat
infirmaries <> revir
infirmary <> hasta
infirmary <> revir
infirmity <> güçsü
infirmity <> halsi
infirmity <> hasta
infirmity <> karar
infirmity <> kusur
infirmity <> sakat
infirmity <> zaaf
infix <> bağla
infix <> içine
infix <> kafas
infix <> sözcü
infix <> takma
infix <> telki
infix <> tuttu
inflame <> alevl
inflame <> coştu
inflame <> iltih
inflame <> kışkı
inflame <> kızdı
inflame <> kızma
inflame <> tutuş
inflame <> yanma
inflamed <> öfkel
inflamed <> iltih
inflamed <> kızgı
inflammability <> çabuk
inflammable <> çabuk
inflammable <> kolay
inflammable <> parla
inflammable <> yanıc
inflammables <> yanıc
inflammation <> alevl
inflammation <> coşma
inflammation <> iltih
inflammation <> kızma
inflammation <> tutuş
inflammation <> yangı
inflammations <> iltih
inflammatories <> iltih
inflammatory <> alevl
inflammatory <> coştu
inflammatory <> iltih
inflammatory <> infla
inflammatory <> tahri
inflatable <> şişir
inflatable <> şişme
inflatables <> şişme
inflate <> şişir
inflate <> hava
inflated <> şişir
inflated <> şişme
inflated <> şişmi
inflated <> abart
inflated <> yükse
inflates <> açılı
inflating <> şişir
inflation <> şişir
inflation <> şişki
inflation <> abart
inflation <> enfla
inflation <> kendi
inflationary <> enfla
inflationist <> enfla
inflations <> enfla
inflator <> Şişir
inflators <> Infla
inflect <> çekme
inflect <> bükme
inflect <> değiş
inflect <> eğmek
inflect <> kıvır
inflected <> çekim
inflection <> çekim
inflection <> eğilm
inflection <> kıvrı
inflection <> ses 
inflectional <> çekim
inflections <> çekim
inflexibility <> eğilm
inflexibility <> karar
inflexible <> boyun
inflexible <> eğilm
inflexible <> inatç
inflexible <> karar
inflexion <> çekim
inflexion <> eğilm
inflexion <> kıvrı
inflexion <> ses 
inflexional <> çekim
inflict <> çarpt
inflict <> atmak
inflict <> verme
inflict <> vurma
inflict <> yükle
inflict <> yamam
inflicted <> verdi
infliction <> ceza
infliction <> eziye
infliction <> sıkın
inflight <> Uçak
inflorescence <> çiçek
inflorescence <> geliş
inflow <> akış
inflow <> akın
inflow <> giriş
inflow <> içeri
inflow <> nehir
inflowing <> soğur
inflows <> giriş
influence <> etki
influence <> etkil
influence <> ikna
influence <> nüfuz
influence <> söz 
influence <> tesir
influence <> torpi
influenced <> etkil
influencer <> etkil
influencers <> etkil
influences <> etkil
influencing <> etkil
influent <> akın
influent <> içeri
influential <> etkil
influential <> nüfuz
influential <> sözü
influential <> tesir
influenza <> grip
influenzas <> grip
influenzavirus <> Influ
influx <> akış
influx <> akın
influx <> giriş
influx <> içeri
influx <> nehir
info <> bilgi
info <> haber
info <> info
infold <> katla
infold <> kucak
infold <> paket
infold <> sarma
inform <> bildi
inform <> bilgi
inform <> haber
inform <> ihbar
informal <> forma
informal <> kanun
informal <> lauba
informal <> resmi
informal <> tekli
informality <> dışıl
informality <> forma
informality <> geçer
informality <> tekli
informally <> gayri
informant <> bilgi
informant <> haber
informant <> ihbar
informant <> ispiy
informant <> muhbi
informants <> muhbi
informatics <> biliş
information <> şikây
information <> bildi
information <> bilgi
information <> danış
information <> enfor
information <> haber
information <> iddia
information <> istih
information <> malum
informational <> bilgi
informations <> bilgi
informative <> öğret
informative <> aydın
informative <> bilgi
informatively <> bilgi
informativeness <> bilgi
informatory <> bilgi
informed <> aydın
informed <> bilgi
informed <> haber
informed <> tahsi
informer <> ihbar
informer <> ispiy
informer <> müzev
informer <> muhbi
informers <> muhbi
informing <> bilgi
informing <> ihbar
informs <> bilgi
infos <> detay
infotain <> Infot
infotainment <> eğlen
infotech <> Infot
infra <> aşağı
infra <> alt
infra <> ileri
infraclavicular <> infra
infraction <> çiğne
infraction <> bozma
infraction <> ihlal
infraction <> tecâv
infractions <> ihlal
inframammary <> solüs
infrangible <> bölün
infrangible <> bozul
infrangible <> ihlâl
infrangible <> kırıl
infrared <> kızıl
infrascapular <> infra
infrasonic <> ses
infrasonic <> ses 
infraspinous <> infra
infrastructural <> altya
infrastructure <> altya
infrastructure <> savun
infrastructures <> altya
infratentorial <> infra
infrequency <> nadir
infrequency <> seyre
infrequent <> az 
infrequent <> nadir
infrequent <> seyre
infrequently <> seyre
infringe <> çiğne
infringe <> bozma
infringe <> hakkı
infringe <> ihlal
infringe <> tecâv
infringed <> İhlal
infringement <> bozma
infringement <> ihlal
infringement <> karşı
infringement <> tecâv
infringements <> ihlal
infringer <> ihlal
infringers <> ihlal
infringes <> ihlal
infringing <> ihlal
infundibular <> huni
infundibulopelvic <> infun
infuriate <> çiled
infuriate <> deli
infuriate <> kızdı
infuriate <> kudur
infuriated <> çiled
infuriates <> kızdı
infuriating <> çıldı
infuriating <> çiled
infuriating <> sinir
infuse <> demle
infuse <> doldu
infuse <> içine
infuse <> ilham
infuse <> kafas
infused <> infüz
infuser <> demli
infuses <> aşıla
infusible <> ergim
infusible <> eriti
infusing <> besle
infusion <> aşıla
infusion <> damar
infusion <> demle
infusion <> içine
infusion <> infüz
infusion <> katma
infusion <> telki
infusions <> infüz
infusorial <> haşla
infusorian <> haşla
infusorium <> haşla
infusorium <> tek 
ingan <> InGaN
ingathering <> hasat
ingathering <> mahsu
ingeminate <> tekra
ingenious <> becer
ingenious <> hüner
ingenious <> marif
ingenious <> usta
ingenious <> ustac
ingenious <> yarat
ingenious <> zeki
ingeniously <> Dahiy
ingeniousness <> becer
ingeniousness <> marif
ingeniousness <> ustal
ingeniousness <> yarat
ingenue <> saf
ingenue <> saf 
ingenuity <> becer
ingenuity <> hüner
ingenuity <> marif
ingenuity <> ustal
ingenuity <> yarat
ingenuous <> açık
ingenuous <> doğal
ingenuous <> içten
ingenuous <> masum
ingenuous <> saf
ingenuous <> saftr
ingenuous <> temiz
ingenuousness <> açık
ingenuousness <> içten
ingenuousness <> saflı
ingenuousness <> temiz
ingest <> midey
ingest <> yemek
ingest <> yutma
ingested <> yutul
ingesting <> sindi
ingestion <> midey
ingestion <> yeme
ingests <> yutar
ingle <> ocak
inglenook <> ocak
inglorious <> şeref
inglorious <> ayıp
inglorious <> belir
inglorious <> tanın
inglorious <> utanç
inglorious <> yüz 
ingloriously <> şeref
ingoing <> hava
ingoing <> içeri
ingoing <> yeni
ingot <> külçe
ingot <> kütük
ingot <> tomru
ingots <> külçe
ingraft <> aşıla
ingraft <> dikme
ingraft <> sokma
ingraft <> yerle
ingrain <> ham 
ingrain <> içine
ingrain <> kökle
ingrained <> azılı
ingrained <> içine
ingrained <> kökle
ingrained <> sabit
ingrained <> tam
ingrained <> yerle
ingrate <> nankö
ingrates <> nankö
ingratiate <> gözün
ingratiate <> sevdi
ingratiating <> sokul
ingratitude <> nankö
ingravescent <> ağırl
ingravescent <> kötül
ingredient <> bileş
ingredient <> etken
ingredient <> içeri
ingredient <> malze
ingredient <> unsur
ingredients <> içind
ingredients <> malze
ingress <> giriş
ingress <> girme
ingrowing <> batan
ingrowing <> içeri
ingrown <> batık
ingrown <> içe 
ingrown <> kökle
ingrowth <> batma
ingrowth <> içeri
ings <> bulgu
inguinal <> kasığ
inguinal <> kasık
inguinoscrotal <> ingui
ingurgitate <> lüple
ingurgitate <> oburc
ingurgitate <> tıkın
ingurgitation <> oburc
ingurgitation <> tıkın
inhabit <> ikame
inhabit <> oturm
inhabit <> yaşam
inhabitable <> içind
inhabitable <> yaşan
inhabitancy <> ikame
inhabitant <> otura
inhabitant <> sakin
inhabitant <> yerli
inhabitants <> sakin
inhabitation <> ev
inhabitation <> ikame
inhabitation <> oturm
inhabited <> iskan
inhabiting <> yaşay
inhabits <> yaşar
inhalable <> solun
inhalant <> soluk
inhalant <> uçucu
inhalants <> inhal
inhalation <> ciğer
inhalation <> içine
inhalation <> inhal
inhalation <> soluk
inhalational <> inhal
inhalations <> inhal
inhale <> çekme
inhale <> iç 
inhale <> içine
inhale <> nefes
inhale <> soluk
inhale <> solum
inhaled <> inhal
inhalent <> uçucu
inhaler <> içine
inhaler <> inhal
inhaler <> soluk
inhalers <> inhal
inhales <> Nefes
inhaling <> tenef
inharmonious <> ahenk
inharmonious <> uyums
inhere <> özünd
inhere <> doğal
inhere <> doğas
inherence <> özünd
inherence <> doğal
inherent <> özünd
inherent <> doğal
inherent <> doğas
inherent <> doğuş
inherent <> yarad
inherently <> doğal
inherently <> doğas
inherently <> doğuş
inherit <> kalıt
inherit <> miras
inheritable <> kalıt
inheritable <> miras
inheritage <> kalıt
inheritage <> miras
inheritage <> vâded
inheritance <> kalıt
inheritance <> miras
inheritance <> soyaç
inheritance <> veras
inheritances <> miras
inherited <> babad
inherited <> miras
inheriting <> devra
inheritor <> miras
inheritor <> varis
inheritors <> miras
inheritress <> kadın
inheritress <> varis
inheritrix <> kadın
inheritrix <> varis
inherits <> miras
inhibins <> İnhib
inhibit <> engel
inhibit <> kısıt
inhibit <> tutma
inhibit <> yasak
inhibited <> inhib
inhibiting <> inhib
inhibition <> çekin
inhibition <> engel
inhibition <> kısıt
inhibition <> menet
inhibition <> tutma
inhibition <> tutuk
inhibitions <> engel
inhibitive <> engel
inhibitive <> kısıt
inhibitive <> mened
inhibitive <> yasak
inhibitor <> önley
inhibitor <> durdu
inhibitors <> inhib
inhibitory <> enlel
inhibitory <> inhib
inhibitory <> kısıt
inhibitory <> mened
inhibitory <> yasak
inhibits <> inhib
inholds <> aynı
inhomogeneity <> homoj
inhomogeneous <> homoj
inhospitable <> konuk
inhospitable <> misaf
inhospitable <> soğuk
inhospitably <> düşma
inhospitably <> soğuk
inhospitality <> konuk
inhospitality <> soğuk
inhouse <> Inhou
inhuman <> insan
inhuman <> merha
inhuman <> zalim
inhumane <> acıma
inhumane <> insaf
inhumane <> insan
inhumanity <> gadda
inhumanity <> insan
inhumanity <> zalim
inhumanly <> gadda
inhumanly <> insan
inhumanly <> zalim
inhumation <> defne
inhumation <> gömme
inhumations <> topra
inhume <> defne
inhume <> gömme
inia <> Inia
iniencephaly <> İnien
inimical <> düşma
inimical <> karşı
inimical <> ters
inimical <> zarar
inimitable <> benze
inimitable <> eşsiz
inimitable <> takli
inimitableness <> benze
inimitableness <> eşsiz
inimitably <> takli
iniquities <> suçla
iniquitous <> adale
iniquitous <> haksı
iniquitous <> insaf
iniquitous <> kötü
iniquitous <> kanun
iniquitously <> adale
iniquity <> günah
iniquity <> haksı
iniquity <> kötül
initial <> önses
initial <> baş
initial <> baş 
initial <> başta
initial <> ilk
initial <> ilk 
initialed <> paraf
initialisation <> başla
initialise <> tanım
initialised <> başla
initialises <> başla
initialising <> Başla
initialization <> başla
initializations <> başla
initialize <> baş 
initialize <> initi
initialize <> paraf
initializer <> ilkle
initializers <> ilkle
initializes <> ilkle
initializing <> başla
initialled <> paraf
initialling <> paraf
initially <> başla
initially <> ilk 
initials <> baş
initials <> ismin
initials <> marka
initials <> monog
initiate <> öğret
initiate <> önaya
initiate <> üye
initiate <> üyeli
initiate <> başla
initiate <> göste
initiate <> sunma
initiate <> yetiş
initiated <> üyeli
initiated <> başla
initiated <> sırla
initiates <> başla
initiating <> başla
initiation <> başla
initiation <> kabul
initiations <> insiy
initiative <> ön
initiative <> önaya
initiative <> başla
initiative <> giriş
initiative <> ilk
initiative <> ilk 
initiative <> neden
initiative <> yasa
initiatives <> giriş
initiator <> önaya
initiator <> öncü
initiator <> başla
initiators <> başla
initiatory <> başla
initiatory <> ilk
inject <> şırın
inject <> enjek
inject <> iğne
inject <> sokma
inject <> yerle
injectable <> enjek
injectables <> enjek
injected <> enjek
injecting <> enjek
injection <> enjek
injection <> iğne
injection <> lavma
injection <> sokul
injection <> zerk
injections <> enjek
injective <> injek
injector <> enjek
injector <> püskü
injectors <> enjek
injects <> enjek
injudicious <> düşün
injudicious <> mantı
injudicious <> tedbi
injudicious <> yersi
injudiciously <> tedbi
injunction <> ihtar
injunction <> kesin
injunction <> mahke
injunction <> uyarı
injunctions <> emir
injunctive <> ihtiy
injure <> incit
injure <> kötül
injure <> sakat
injure <> yaral
injure <> zarar
injure <> zedel
injured <> dargı
injured <> incin
injured <> kırgı
injured <> yaral
injured <> zarar
injures <> yaral
injuries <> yaral
injuring <> yaral
injurious <> incit
injurious <> kırıc
injurious <> onur
injurious <> zarar
injury <> hasar
injury <> incit
injury <> kırma
injury <> yara
injury <> zarar
injustice <> adale
injustice <> haksı
injustice <> insaf
injustices <> adale
ink <> mürek
inked <> mürek
inker <> mürek
inkiness <> karan
inkiness <> mürek
inking <> mürek
inkjet <> Mürek
inkless <> mürek
inkling <> ipucu
inkling <> iz
inkling <> kesti
inkling <> kuşku
inkling <> sezme
inks <> mürek
inkstand <> hokka
inkstand <> yazı
inkwell <> masay
inky <> kapka
inky <> mürek
inlaid <> gömme
inlaid <> işlem
inlaid <> kakma
inland <> ülke
inland <> ülken
inland <> deniz
inland <> iç
inland <> içe 
inland <> içeri
inland <> karas
inlands <> girin
inlay <> çerçe
inlay <> döşem
inlay <> dolgu
inlay <> kakma
inlay <> mozai
inlay <> parke
inlaying <> kakma
inlays <> kakma
inlet <> giriş
inlet <> körfe
inlet <> kakıl
inlet <> koy
inlets <> giriş
inlying <> iç
inlying <> içine
inlying <> merke
inmate <> otura
inmate <> sakin
inmate <> tutuk
inmates <> mahku
inmost <> en
inmost <> en 
inn <> han
inn <> konak
inn <> meyha
inn <> otel
innards <> bağır
innards <> iç 
innate <> Allah
innate <> doğal
innate <> doğuş
innately <> doğal
innately <> doğuş
innatism <> doğuş
inner <> ayrıc
inner <> dahil
inner <> gizli
inner <> iç
inner <> içtek
inner <> manev
inner <> nişan
inner <> ruhsa
innerly <> için
innermost <> en
innermost <> en 
innerspace <> Inner
innervate <> canla
innervate <> cesar
innervate <> sinir
innervated <> inner
innervating <> inner
innervation <> inner
inning <> şans
inning <> atış
inning <> kısme
inning <> vuruş
innings <> şans
innings <> atış
innings <> kısme
innings <> vuruş
innkeeper <> hancı
innkeeper <> meyha
innkeeper <> otelc
innocence <> cahil
innocence <> günah
innocence <> masum
innocence <> saflı
innocence <> suçsu
innocent <> aptal
innocent <> günah
innocent <> masum
innocent <> saf
innocent <> saftr
innocent <> suçsu
innocent <> zarar
innocently <> masum
innocently <> safça
innocently <> saf 
innocently <> suçsu
innocents <> masum
innocuous <> tehli
innocuous <> zarar
innominate <> innom
innovate <> değiş
innovate <> yenil
innovated <> Yenil
innovates <> yenil
innovating <> yenil
innovation <> buluş
innovation <> değiş
innovation <> icat
innovation <> yenil
innovational <> yenil
innovations <> yenil
innovative <> Yenil
innovatively <> yenil
innovativeness <> yenil
innovator <> yenil
innovators <> yenil
innovatory <> yenil
innoxious <> zarar
inns <> hanla
innuendo <> üstü
innuendo <> dokun
innuendo <> ima
innuendo <> ima 
innuendo <> taş
innumerable <> çok
innumerable <> hesap
innumerable <> sayıs
innumeracy <> hesap
innumerate <> hesap
innumerous <> sayıs
inobservance <> dikka
inobservance <> yerin
inocula <> inoku
inoculable <> inokü
inoculant <> inoku
inoculants <> inoku
inoculate <> aşı 
inoculate <> aşıla
inoculate <> verme
inoculated <> inokü
inoculating <> inokü
inoculation <> aşı
inoculation <> aşı 
inoculation <> aşıla
inoculations <> aşıla
inoculator <> aşıcı
inoculators <> aşçıl
inoculum <> inoku
inoculums <> mikro
inodes <> inode
inodorous <> kokus
inoffensive <> kendi
inoffensive <> mazlu
inoffensive <> zarar
inoffensively <> zarar
inoffensiveness <> zarar
inofficious <> asıl
inofficious <> miras
inoperability <> inope
inoperable <> ameli
inoperable <> inope
inoperative <> çalış
inoperative <> etkis
inoperative <> geçer
inoperative <> hüküm
inoperative <> işlem
inopportune <> münas
inopportune <> mevsi
inopportune <> vakit
inopportune <> yersi
inopportune <> zaman
inordinate <> ölçüs
inordinate <> aşırı
inordinate <> düzen
inordinate <> orans
inordinately <> haddi
inorganic <> inorg
inorganically <> inorg
inosculate <> birle
inosculate <> katma
inosine <> inozi
inotropic <> inotr
inpatient <> yatan
inpatients <> Yatan
inpayment <> ödeme
inpayment <> inpay
inphase <> eş
inphase <> eş 
inpouring <> içe
inpouring <> içe 
input <> girdi
input <> giriş
input <> veri
inputs <> giriş
inputted <> Giril
inputting <> giren
inquest <> soruş
inquest <> tahki
inquietude <> endiş
inquietude <> huzur
inquietude <> kaygı
inquietude <> rahat
inquire <> araşt
inquire <> sorma
inquire <> soruş
inquire <> soru
inquired <> sordu
inquirer <> soran
inquirer <> soruş
inquirers <> soru
inquires <> sorgu
inquiries <> araşt
inquiries <> bilgi
inquiries <> kayna
inquiries <> soruş
inquiries <> soru
inquiring <> merak
inquiring <> soran
inquiring <> soruş
inquiry <> anket
inquiry <> araşt
inquiry <> bahis
inquiry <> danış
inquiry <> sorgu
inquiry <> soruş
inquiry <> soru
inquiry <> tahki
inquiry <> yokla
inquisition <> engiz
inquisition <> incel
inquisition <> sorgu
inquisition <> soruş
inquisitional <> araşt
inquisitional <> engiz
inquisitional <> soruş
inquisitions <> sorul
inquisitive <> araşt
inquisitive <> merak
inquisitive <> soru
inquisitive <> yersi
inquisitively <> merak
inquisitiveness <> çok 
inquisitiveness <> merak
inquisitor <> engiz
inquisitorial <> araşt
inquisitorial <> merak
inquisitorial <> soruş
inroad <> akın
inroad <> baskı
inroad <> gedik
inroad <> tecâv
inroads <> yayıl
inrush <> üşüşm
inrush <> akın
inrush <> içeri
ins <> girdi
ins <> iktid
ins <> ins
insalubrious <> sağlı
insalubrious <> zarar
insalubrity <> sağlı
insane <> çıldı
insane <> çılgı
insane <> anlam
insane <> deli
insane <> delic
insane <> delil
insanely <> delic
insanitary <> sağlı
insanity <> çıldı
insanity <> cinne
insanity <> delil
insanity <> saçma
insatiability <> açgöz
insatiability <> doyma
insatiable <> açgöz
insatiable <> doyma
insatiable <> doyum
insatiable <> gözü
insatiate <> doyum
inscape <> Insca
inscribe <> atfet
inscribe <> içine
inscribe <> kayde
inscribe <> kazım
inscribe <> yazma
inscribed <> içine
inscribed <> iz 
inscribed <> kayıt
inscribed <> kayde
inscribed <> yazıl
inscriber <> Inscr
inscribers <> Inscr
inscripted <> yazıt
inscription <> ithaf
inscription <> kayıt
inscription <> kitab
inscription <> yazı
inscription <> yazıt
inscriptions <> yazıt
inscriptive <> kayıt
inscriptive <> yazıl
inscrutability <> anlaş
inscrutability <> esrar
inscrutable <> anlaş
inscrutable <> esrar
inscrutable <> sırrı
insect <> böcek
insect <> haşer
insect <> iğren
insecta <> Insec
insecticidal <> böcek
insecticide <> böcek
insecticides <> insek
insectivora <> Insec
insectivore <> böcek
insectivorous <> böcek
insectlike <> böceğ
insectology <> böcek
insects <> haşar
insecure <> emniy
insecure <> güven
insecurely <> güven
insecurities <> Endiş
insecurity <> emniy
insecurity <> güven
insee <> INSEE
inseminate <> dölle
inseminate <> ekmek
inseminate <> kafas
inseminate <> tohum
inseminated <> tohum
inseminating <> dölle
insemination <> dölle
insemination <> tohum
inseminations <> tohum
insensate <> aldır
insensate <> delic
insensate <> duygu
insensate <> hissi
insensate <> mantı
insense <> Insen
insensibility <> aldır
insensibility <> baygı
insensibility <> duyar
insensibility <> duygu
insensibility <> hissi
insensible <> baygı
insensible <> belli
insensible <> duyar
insensible <> farkı
insensible <> haber
insensible <> hisse
insensible <> hissi
insensible <> ilgis
insensible <> umurs
insensibly <> acıma
insensibly <> duygu
insensibly <> hisse
insensitive <> anlay
insensitive <> duyar
insensitive <> duygu
insensitive <> hissi
insensitive <> katı
insensitive <> taş 
insensitiveness <> duyar
insensitiveness <> hissi
insensitivity <> duyar
insensitivity <> hissi
insentient <> duyar
insentient <> hissi
inseparability <> ayrıl
inseparable <> çok 
inseparable <> ayrıl
inseparable <> yakın
inseparables <> sıkı
inseparables <> yakın
inseparably <> kopma
insert <> atmak
insert <> eklem
insert <> girme
insert <> ilan
insert <> ilave
insert <> sokma
insert <> verme
insertable <> takma
inserted <> Eklen
inserter <> yerle
inserters <> Inser
inserting <> takma
insertion <> Eklem
insertion <> ek
insertion <> ilan
insertion <> ilave
insertion <> sokma
inserts <> ekler
inservice <> hizme
inset <> arası
inset <> atma
inset <> ek
inset <> ekli
inset <> ilave
insets <> parça
inshallah <> İnşal
inshell <> Kabuk
inshore <> kıyı
inshore <> kıyıd
inshore <> kıyıy
inshore <> sahil
inside <> dahil
inside <> iç
inside <> iç 
inside <> içeri
inside <> içind
inside <> içine
inside <> içtek
inside <> karın
insider <> üye
insider <> içeri
insider <> içyüz
insider <> insid
insiders <> İçerd
insides <> iç
insidious <> fırsa
insidious <> hain
insidious <> sinsi
insidiously <> sinsi
insidiousness <> hainl
insidiousness <> sinsi
insight <> anlam
insight <> içyüz
insight <> kavra
insight <> sezme
insightful <> anlay
insights <> anlay
insignia <> iğare
insignia <> işare
insignia <> nişan
insignia <> rütbe
insignias <> Rütbe
insignificance <> önems
insignificance <> anlam
insignificance <> değer
insignificancy <> önems
insignificancy <> anlam
insignificancy <> değer
insignificant <> önems
insignificant <> anlam
insignificant <> cüzi
insignificant <> değer
insignificant <> silik
insignificantly <> önems
insincere <> iki 
insincere <> sadak
insincere <> samim
insincerity <> iki 
insincerity <> samim
insincerity <> yapma
insinuate <> çıtla
insinuate <> çaktı
insinuate <> ima 
insinuate <> kurna
insinuated <> ima
insinuates <> ima
insinuating <> üstü
insinuating <> göze
insinuating <> imalı
insinuatingly <> üstü
insinuation <> üstü
insinuation <> ima
insinuation <> yağcı
insipid <> lezze
insipid <> sıkıc
insipid <> tatsı
insipid <> yavan
insipidity <> sıkıc
insipidity <> tatsı
insipidity <> yavan
insipidness <> yavan
insist <> üzeri
insist <> ısrar
insist <> ayak
insist <> dayat
insist <> diret
insist <> karar
insist <> tuttu
insisted <> ısrar
insistence <> ısrar
insistence <> diret
insistence <> karar
insistent <> ısrar
insistent <> acil
insistent <> inatç
insistent <> zorla
insistently <> ısrar
insisting <> ısrar
insists <> ısrar
insobriety <> aşırı
insobriety <> ayyaş
insofar <> uzağa
insofar <> uzak
insofar <> uzakt
insolated <> koltu
insolating <> izola
insolation <> güneş
insole <> ayakk
insole <> taban
insolence <> aşağı
insolence <> arsız
insolence <> küsta
insolence <> saygı
insolent <> aşağı
insolent <> cüret
insolent <> küçük
insolent <> küsta
insolent <> saygı
insolent <> terbi
insolently <> küsta
insoles <> taban
insolubility <> çözül
insolubility <> erime
insolubility <> içind
insoluble <> çözül
insoluble <> çözüm
insoluble <> çözün
insoluble <> erime
insoluble <> halle
insolubles <> Çözün
insolvable <> durum
insolvencies <> tasfi
insolvency <> borcu
insolvency <> iflas
insolvent <> batmı
insolvent <> borcu
insolvent <> iflas
insomnia <> uykus
insomnia <> uyuya
insomniac <> uykus
insomniacs <> insom
insomuch <> o
insomuch <> o 
insorb <> INSOR
insouciance <> ilgis
insouciant <> endiş
insouciant <> ilgis
insouciant <> kaygı
insouciant <> tasas
inspect <> denet
inspect <> kontr
inspect <> muaye
inspect <> tefti
inspect <> yokla
inspected <> tefti
inspecting <> tefti
inspection <> denet
inspection <> kontr
inspection <> muaye
inspection <> tefti
inspection <> yokla
inspectional <> tefti
inspections <> tefti
inspector <> denet
inspector <> kontr
inspector <> müfet
inspectoral <> müfet
inspectorate <> müfet
inspectorates <> tefti
inspectorial <> müfet
inspectors <> Müfet
inspectorship <> denet
inspectorship <> müfet
inspectorship <> tefti
inspectorships <> müfet
inspects <> denet
inspiration <> esin
inspiration <> fikir
inspiration <> ilham
inspiration <> nefes
inspiration <> telki
inspiration <> vahiy
inspirational <> ilham
inspirations <> ilham
inspirator <> suni
inspiratory <> inspi
inspiratory <> soluk
inspire <> aşıla
inspire <> canla
inspire <> esinl
inspire <> içine
inspire <> ilham
inspire <> sebep
inspire <> soluk
inspire <> telki
inspire <> uyand
inspire <> yayma
inspired <> çok 
inspired <> canlı
inspired <> heyec
inspired <> ilham
inspired <> vahiy
inspired <> yarat
inspirer <> ilham
inspires <> ilham
inspiring <> ilham
inspirit <> canla
inspirit <> hayat
inspirit <> neşel
inspirit <> teşvi
instabilities <> karar
instability <> dayan
instability <> değiş
instability <> denge
instability <> karar
instable <> karar
install <> atama
install <> kurma
install <> monte
install <> yükle
install <> yerle
installable <> kurul
installation <> üs
installation <> atama
installation <> kurma
installation <> monta
installation <> tesis
installation <> yükle
installation <> yerle
installations <> teçhi
installed <> Yüklü
installer <> yükle
installers <> monta
installfest <> Kurul
installing <> yükle
installment <> üs
installment <> atama
installment <> bölüm
installment <> kurma
installment <> taksi
installment <> tesis
installment <> yerle
installments <> taksi
installments <> tesli
installs <> yükle
instalment <> üs
instalment <> atama
instalment <> bölüm
instalment <> kurma
instalment <> taksi
instalment <> tesis
instalment <> yerle
instalments <> taksi
instalments <> tesli
instance <> örnek
instance <> aşama
instance <> dava
instance <> durum
instance <> istek
instance <> misal
instance <> olay
instance <> rica
instances <> örnek
instancing <> örnek
instancy <> acill
instancy <> ivedi
instant <> çabuk
instant <> ısrar
instant <> acil
instant <> an
instant <> anlık
instant <> bu 
instant <> hemen
instant <> lâhza
instant <> lahza
instantaneous <> şipşa
instantaneous <> ani
instantaneous <> birde
instantaneous <> ensta
instantaneously <> derha
instantaneously <> hemen
instantaneousness <> anili
instantaneousness <> bir 
instanter <> derha
instanter <> hemen
instantiate <> örneğ
instantiated <> örneğ
instantiates <> örnek
instantiating <> örneğ
instantiation <> örneğ
instantly <> anınd
instantly <> derha
instantly <> hemen
instants <> Insta
instar <> evre
instars <> dönem
instate <> bağış
instate <> işe 
instate <> verme
instate <> yatır
instauration <> tazel
instauration <> yenil
instauration <> yinel
instead <> yerin
instep <> ayağı
instigate <> ayağa
instigate <> ayart
instigate <> fitne
instigate <> körük
instigate <> kışkı
instigate <> kunda
instigate <> tahri
instigate <> teşvi
instigated <> teşvi
instigates <> başla
instigating <> kışkı
instigation <> kışkı
instigation <> tahri
instigation <> teşvi
instigations <> kışkı
instigator <> fitne
instigator <> kışkı
instigators <> eleba
instil <> aşıla
instil <> damla
instil <> işlem
instil <> sokma
instill <> aşıla
instill <> damla
instill <> işlem
instill <> sokma
instillation <> aşıla
instillation <> damla
instillation <> telki
instillations <> insti
instilled <> aşıla
instillment <> aşıla
instillment <> damla
instillment <> telki
instilment <> aşıla
instilment <> damla
instilment <> telki
instinct <> dolu
instinct <> içgüd
instinct <> kabil
instinct <> sezgi
instinct <> yeten
instinctive <> doğuş
instinctive <> içgüd
instinctively <> içgüd
instincts <> içgüd
instinctual <> içgüd
instinctually <> içgüd
institute <> açmak
institute <> atama
institute <> başla
institute <> ensti
institute <> klini
institute <> kurma
institute <> kurul
institute <> kurum
institute <> tayin
instituted <> uygul
institutes <> ensti
institutes <> hukuk
institutes <> kural
institutes <> yasal
instituting <> tesis
institution <> atama
institution <> derne
institution <> hapis
institution <> kurma
institution <> kurul
institution <> kurum
institution <> tımar
institution <> tanın
institution <> tesis
institution <> yerle
institutional <> gelen
institutional <> kurum
institutionalisation <> Kurum
institutionalise <> adet
institutionalise <> gelen
institutionalise <> huzur
institutionalise <> kurum
institutionalised <> kurum
institutionalising <> kurum
institutionalism <> kurum
institutionalist <> kurum
institutionalization <> Kurum
institutionalizations <> kurum
institutionalize <> adet
institutionalize <> gelen
institutionalize <> huzur
institutionalize <> kurum
institutionalized <> kurum
institutionalizing <> kurum
institutionally <> kurum
institutions <> kurum
instruct <> öğret
instruct <> bilgi
instruct <> emir
instruct <> görev
instruct <> okutm
instruct <> talim
instructed <> talim
instructer <> Öğret
instructing <> talim
instruction <> öğren
instruction <> açıkl
instruction <> direk
instruction <> eğiti
instruction <> eğret
instruction <> talim
instruction <> yöner
instructional <> öğret
instructional <> eğiti
instructions <> açıkl
instructions <> bilgi
instructions <> direk
instructions <> kulla
instructions <> talim
instructive <> öğret
instructive <> eğiti
instructiveness <> öğret
instructiveness <> eğitm
instructor <> öğret
instructor <> doçen
instructor <> eğitm
instructor <> okutm
instructors <> eğitm
instructress <> öğret
instructress <> eğitm
instructress <> okutm
instructs <> talim
instrument <> çalgı
instrument <> alet
instrument <> araç
instrument <> belge
instrument <> döküm
instrument <> enstr
instrument <> saz
instrument <> senet
instrumental <> alet
instrumental <> alete
instrumental <> aletl
instrumental <> enstr
instrumentalist <> çalgı
instrumentalist <> enstr
instrumentalists <> çalgı
instrumentality <> vasıt
instrumentalized <> araçs
instrumentalizes <> araçs
instrumentally <> fayda
instrumentally <> yarar
instrumentation <> aletl
instrumentation <> orkes
instrumentations <> enstr
instrumented <> Enstr
instruments <> ameli
instruments <> araç
instruments <> belge
instruments <> döküm
instruments <> enstr
instruments <> malze
instyle <> InSty
insubordinate <> asi
insubordinate <> başka
insubordinate <> isyan
insubordination <> asili
insubordination <> başka
insubstantial <> asıls
insubstantial <> gerçe
insubstantial <> hayal
insubstantial <> temel
insufferable <> çekil
insufferable <> dayan
insufferable <> katla
insufferable <> kendi
insufficent <> az
insufficent <> ehliy
insufficent <> eksik
insufficent <> yeter
insufficiencies <> yeter
insufficiency <> eksik
insufficiency <> yeter
insufficiency <> yetme
insufficient <> az
insufficient <> ehliy
insufficient <> eksik
insufficient <> yeter
insufficiently <> yeter
insufflate <> üflem
insufflate <> içine
insufflation <> üflem
insufflation <> içine
insufflator <> üflem
insufflator <> gaz 
insulae <> insul
insulant <> izola
insulant <> yalıt
insular <> ada
insular <> adalı
insular <> adaya
insular <> dar 
insular <> tecri
insularity <> adalı
insularity <> ayırm
insularity <> dar
insularity <> dar 
insularity <> tecri
insulate <> ayırm
insulate <> ayrı
insulate <> izole
insulate <> tecri
insulate <> yalıt
insulated <> yalıt
insulates <> yalıt
insulating <> izole
insulating <> yalıt
insulation <> izola
insulation <> yalıt
insulations <> izola
insulative <> yalıt
insulator <> izola
insulator <> yalıt
insulators <> izola
insulin <> İnsül
insulin <> ensül
insulins <> insül
insult <> şeref
insult <> aşağı
insult <> hakar
insult <> hor 
insult <> onur
insult <> onuru
insulted <> hakar
insulting <> aşağı
insulting <> küçük
insulting <> küsta
insulting <> onur
insults <> hakar
insuperable <> aşılm
insuperable <> geçil
insuperable <> yenil
insupportable <> çekil
insupportable <> dayan
insupportable <> haksı
insupportable <> katla
insuppressible <> örtba
insuppressible <> bastı
insuppressible <> ortad
insurability <> sigor
insurable <> sigor
insurance <> sigor
insurances <> sigor
insurant <> sigor
insure <> garan
insure <> sağla
insure <> sigor
insure <> temin
insured <> sigor
insureds <> sigor
insurer <> sigor
insurers <> sigor
insures <> sigor
insurgence <> ayakl
insurgence <> isyan
insurgencies <> ayakl
insurgency <> ayakl
insurgency <> isyan
insurgent <> asi
insurgent <> ayakl
insurgent <> başka
insurgent <> isyan
insurgents <> Diren
insuring <> sigor
insurmountable <> aşılm
insurmountable <> başa
insurmountable <> geçil
insurmountable <> yenil
insurrection <> ayakl
insurrection <> başka
insurrection <> ihtil
insurrection <> isyan
insurrectional <> asi
insurrectional <> isyan
insurrectionary <> asi
insurrectionary <> isyan
insurrectionist <> asi
insurrectionist <> isyan
insurrectionists <> ayakl
insurrections <> ayakl
insusceptibility <> duyar
insusceptibility <> duygu
insusceptibility <> vurdu
insusceptible <> duyar
insusceptible <> elver
insusceptible <> hissi
insusceptible <> vurdu
insusceptible <> yapıl
intact <> bozul
intact <> dokun
intact <> el 
intact <> tam
intactness <> intak
intaglio <> oyma
intaglio <> oymal
intake <> alına
intake <> giriş
intake <> girme
intake <> içeri
intake <> tarım
intakes <> alımı
intangibility <> anlaş
intangibility <> soyut
intangible <> anlaş
intangible <> elle
intangible <> maddi
intangible <> manev
intangible <> soyut
intangibles <> maddi
intangibles <> manev
intarsia <> kakma
integer <> tam 
integer <> tamsa
integers <> tamsa
integrability <> integ
integrable <> İnteg
integral <> bütün
integral <> integ
integral <> tümle
integral <> türev
integral <> tam
integral <> tam 
integral <> tamam
integral <> tamsa
integral <> tek 
integrally <> ısıtm
integrals <> integ
integrand <> integ
integrand <> tamam
integrands <> integ
integrant <> bütün
integrant <> tamam
integrate <> bütün
integrate <> birle
integrate <> enteg
integrate <> ilave
integrate <> integ
integrate <> katma
integrate <> kayna
integrate <> tamam
integrated <> bütün
integrated <> birle
integrated <> enteg
integrated <> karma
integrates <> enteg
integrating <> enteg
integration <> bütün
integration <> birle
integration <> integ
integration <> tamam
integrationist <> enteg
integrations <> enteg
integrative <> bütün
integrator <> enteg
integrators <> enteg
integrins <> integ
integrity <> bütün
integrity <> dürüs
integrity <> doğru
integrity <> istik
integrity <> sağla
integrity <> tamam
integument <> deri
integument <> kabuk
integument <> zar
integumentary <> deriy
integumentary <> kabuk
intellect <> akıl
intellect <> akıll
intellect <> idrak
intellect <> zeki
intellect <> zihin
intellectual <> aydın
intellectual <> entel
intellectual <> zeki
intellectual <> zihin
intellectualise <> Intel
intellectualised <> entel
intellectualism <> entel
intellectualist <> entel
intellectuality <> entel
intellectuality <> zihin
intellectually <> akıl
intellectually <> anlay
intellectually <> entel
intellectually <> idrak
intellectually <> zekâ
intellectuals <> aydın
intelligence <> akıl
intelligence <> akıll
intelligence <> anlam
intelligence <> anlay
intelligence <> beyin
intelligence <> bilgi
intelligence <> haber
intelligence <> idrak
intelligence <> istih
intelligence <> kafa
intelligence <> zekâ
intelligence <> zekil
intelligencer <> ajan
intelligencer <> casus
intelligencer <> muhab
intelligencer <> muhbi
intelligences <> zeka
intelligency <> zeka
intelligent <> akıll
intelligent <> kültü
intelligent <> kabil
intelligent <> usta
intelligent <> yeten
intelligent <> zeki
intelligently <> akıll
intelligentsia <> Rusya
intelligentsia <> aydın
intelligentzia <> Rusya
intelligentzia <> aydın
intelligibility <> anlaş
intelligible <> anlaş
intemperance <> ölçüs
intemperance <> aşırı
intemperance <> içkiy
intemperance <> sertl
intemperance <> taşkı
intemperate <> ölçüs
intemperate <> şidde
intemperate <> ayyaş
intemperate <> fırtı
intemperate <> sert
intemperate <> taşkı
intend <> amaçl
intend <> azmet
intend <> düşün
intend <> hedef
intend <> istem
intend <> kaste
intend <> niyet
intend <> seçme
intendant <> idare
intendant <> müdür
intendant <> yönet
intended <> isten
intended <> kasıt
intended <> kasti
intended <> müsta
intended <> nişan
intended <> tasar
intended <> yönel
intending <> niyet
intends <> niyet
intense <> çarpı
intense <> şidde
intense <> aşırı
intense <> dikka
intense <> etkil
intense <> istek
intense <> koyu
intense <> kuvve
intense <> son 
intense <> yoğun
intensely <> şidde
intensely <> aşırı
intensely <> son 
intensely <> yoğun
intenseness <> çarpı
intenseness <> şidde
intenseness <> aşırı
intenseness <> harar
intenseness <> koyul
intenseness <> yoğun
intensification <> şidde
intensification <> koyul
intensification <> kuvve
intensification <> yoğun
intensified <> şidde
intensified <> yoğun
intensifier <> basın
intensifier <> koyul
intensifiers <> yoğun
intensifies <> yoğun
intensify <> şidde
intensify <> koyul
intensify <> kuvve
intensify <> pekiş
intensify <> yoğun
intensifying <> yoğun
intension <> şidde
intension <> aşırı
intension <> içlem
intension <> keski
intension <> koyul
intension <> yoğun
intensions <> niyet
intensities <> yoğun
intensity <> çarpı
intensity <> şidde
intensity <> güç
intensity <> geril
intensity <> koyul
intensity <> yoğun
intensive <> şidde
intensive <> aşırı
intensive <> pekiş
intensive <> yoğun
intensively <> yoğun
intent <> amaç
intent <> dalmı
intent <> dikka
intent <> gaye
intent <> heves
intent <> istek
intent <> karar
intent <> kasıt
intent <> maksa
intent <> meşgu
intent <> niyet
intention <> amaç
intention <> erek
intention <> gaye
intention <> hedef
intention <> kasıt
intention <> maksa
intention <> niyet
intention <> plan
intentional <> bile
intentional <> kasıt
intentional <> kasti
intentional <> mahsu
intentional <> maksa
intentionality <> amaçl
intentionally <> bile
intentionally <> biler
intentionally <> istey
intentionally <> kasıt
intentionally <> kaste
intentionally <> mahsu
intentionally <> taamm
intentioned <> niyet
intentions <> evlen
intentions <> niyet
intently <> Dikka
intentness <> arzu
intentness <> gayre
intentness <> istek
intents <> niyet
inter <> defne
inter <> gömme
inter <> inter
inter <> topra
interact <> antra
interact <> birbi
interact <> etkil
interact <> karşı
interact <> perde
interacted <> etkil
interacting <> etkil
interaction <> birbi
interaction <> etkil
interactional <> etkil
interactionist <> etkil
interactions <> etkil
interactive <> inter
interactively <> etkil
interactivity <> etkil
interacts <> etkil
interagency <> kurum
interallied <> mütte
interambulacrum <> Ambul
interatomic <> atoml
interatrial <> inter
interbank <> banka
interbedded <> arata
interbeds <> araka
interbreed <> melez
interbreed <> yakın
intercalarily <> ek 
intercalarily <> inter
intercalary <> eklen
intercalary <> takvi
intercalate <> araya
intercalate <> inter
intercalate <> takvi
intercalated <> enter
intercalation <> araya
intercalation <> ortay
intercalations <> araka
intercalative <> inter
intercalibration <> karşı
intercarpal <> inter
intercede <> aracı
intercede <> araya
intercede <> rica
intercede <> yalva
interceder <> arabu
interceder <> aracı
intercedes <> Aracı
intercellular <> hücre
intercept <> önlem
intercept <> alıko
intercept <> durdu
intercept <> engel
intercept <> sınır
intercept <> tutma
intercept <> yakal
intercept <> yolun
intercepted <> engel
intercepting <> yakal
interception <> önlem
interception <> alıko
interception <> durdu
interception <> ele 
interception <> kesme
interception <> tutma
interception <> yakal
interception <> yolun
interceptive <> Önley
interceptor <> önlem
interceptor <> yol 
interceptors <> önley
intercepts <> yakal
intercession <> şefaa
intercession <> aracı
intercession <> rica
intercessor <> arabu
intercessor <> aracı
intercessor <> başka
intercessors <> aracı
intercessory <> şefaa
intercessory <> aracı
interchain <> zinci
interchange <> değiş
interchange <> kavşa
interchange <> takas
interchange <> yer 
interchangeability <> değiş
interchangeable <> değiş
interchangeable <> yer 
interchangeably <> birbi
interchanged <> yerde
interchanges <> kavşa
interchanging <> değiş
intercity <> şehir
interclass <> sınıf
interclub <> Inter
intercollege <> Inter
intercollegiate <> ünive
intercollegiate <> kolej
intercom <> dahil
intercom <> iç 
intercom <> inter
intercommunal <> Toplu
intercommunicate <> haber
intercommunicate <> ilişk
intercommunicating <> münas
intercommunication <> haber
intercommunion <> karşı
intercommunity <> müşte
intercommunity <> ortak
intercompany <> şirke
intercoms <> portl
intercondylar <> inter
interconnect <> bağın
interconnect <> bağlı
interconnect <> bağla
interconnect <> birle
interconnected <> birbi
interconnectedness <> içe
interconnecting <> birbi
interconnection <> araba
interconnection <> bağın
interconnection <> bağlı
interconnection <> bağla
interconnections <> bağla
interconnectivity <> birle
interconnector <> enter
interconnectors <> ara
interconnects <> birbi
intercontinental <> kıtal
interconversion <> evirt
interconversions <> dönüş
intercoolers <> soğut
intercorporate <> Şirke
intercostal <> eğele
intercostal <> kabur
intercostals <> inter
intercourse <> bağla
intercourse <> görüş
intercourse <> ilişk
intercourses <> İlişk
intercross <> çapra
intercross <> melez
intercultural <> kültü
interculturally <> kültü
interculture <> Kültü
intercultures <> Kültü
intercurrent <> arası
intercurrent <> başka
intercut <> ara
intercut <> ara 
interdenominational <> mezhe
interdepartmental <> bölüm
interdepend <> bağlı
interdepend <> birbi
interdependence <> bağlı
interdependence <> dayan
interdependencies <> bağım
interdependency <> bağlı
interdependency <> dayan
interdependent <> bağım
interdependent <> birbi
interdict <> menet
interdict <> yasak
interdiction <> bağla
interdiction <> yasak
interdictions <> yasak
interdiffusion <> difüz
interdigital <> inter
interdigitation <> inter
interdimensional <> boyut
interdisciplinary <> Disip
interest <> çıkar
interest <> önem
interest <> alâka
interest <> dikka
interest <> etki
interest <> faiz
interest <> görüş
interest <> hisse
interest <> ikna
interest <> ilgi
interest <> ilgil
interest <> ilgis
interest <> istek
interest <> merak
interest <> nüfuz
interest <> ortak
interest <> pay
interested <> çıkar
interested <> ilgi
interested <> ilgil
interested <> merak
interested <> ortağ
interested <> pay 
interested <> taraf
interestedly <> ilgiy
interestedly <> merak
interesting <> enter
interesting <> ilgi
interesting <> ilgin
interestingly <> ilgin
interests <> ilgi
interethnic <> etnik
interface <> arayü
interface <> inter
interfaced <> arabi
interfaces <> arayü
interfacial <> arayü
interfacing <> arabi
interfaith <> Dinle
interfascicular <> inter
interfax <> Inter
interfere <> araya
interfere <> giriş
interfere <> karış
interfere <> müdah
interfere <> paraz
interfered <> müdah
interference <> burnu
interference <> engel
interference <> giriş
interference <> karış
interference <> kurca
interference <> müdah
interference <> paraz
interference <> tezat
interferences <> paraz
interferential <> inter
interferer <> paraz
interferers <> giriş
interferes <> engel
interfering <> çatış
interfering <> aykır
interfering <> karış
interferograms <> İnter
interferometer <> giriş
interferometer <> inter
interferometers <> inter
interferometric <> inter
interferometrically <> inter
interferometry <> inter
interferons <> inter
interfibrillar <> bağla
interfinger <> girik
interfluent <> birbi
interfuse <> karış
interfusion <> Inter
intergalactic <> galak
intergenerational <> kuşak
interglacial <> buzul
interglacial <> inter
interglacials <> buzul
intergovernmental <> hüküm
intergranular <> inter
intergraph <> Inter
intergroup <> grupl
interhalogen <> inter
interhemispheric <> inter
interictal <> inter
interim <> ara
interim <> geçic
interims <> ara
interindividual <> birey
interindustry <> Endüs
interinstitutional <> kurum
interionic <> İyonl
interior <> ülke
interior <> dahil
interior <> iç
interior <> iç 
interior <> içeri
interior <> içişl
interior <> içtek
interior <> içten
interiority <> içsel
interiorize <> benim
interiors <> iç
interjacent <> arası
interject <> arada
interject <> lâf a
interjected <> araya
interjection <> ünlem
interjection <> lâf a
interjection <> nida
interjections <> ünlem
interknowledge <> aracı
interlace <> birbi
interlace <> geçme
interlace <> karış
interlaced <> geçme
interlacement <> Karış
interlacing <> titre
interland <> Inter
interlanguage <> ortak
interlard <> eklem
interlard <> karış
interlard <> süsle
interlayered <> ardal
interleaf <> kitab
interleave <> boş
interleave <> boş 
interleave <> veri
interleaved <> Inter
interleaver <> serpi
interleaves <> Boşlu
interleukin <> inter
interleukins <> inter
interlibrary <> kütüp
interlight <> Inter
interline <> astar
interline <> satır
interlinear <> satır
interlineation <> satır
interlines <> fugal
interlingua <> Inter
interlingual <> dille
interlining <> tela
interlinings <> tela
interlink <> bağla
interlink <> birle
interlinked <> birbi
interlinking <> birbi
interlobar <> inter
interlobular <> inter
interlock <> bağla
interlock <> inter
interlock <> kenet
interlock <> kilit
interlocked <> kilit
interlocking <> kilit
interlocks <> kilit
interlocution <> diyal
interlocution <> konuş
interlocutor <> konuş
interlocutor <> muhat
interlocutors <> muhat
interlocutory <> ara
interlocutory <> geçic
interloper <> burnu
interloper <> karış
interloper <> yetki
interlopers <> karış
interlude <> antra
interlude <> ara
interlude <> ara 
interlude <> inter
interlude <> perde
intermark <> Inter
intermarriage <> akrab
intermarriage <> yaban
intermarry <> akrab
intermarry <> yaban
intermat <> Inter
intermaxillary <> inter
intermeddle <> burnu
intermeddle <> karış
intermediaries <> aracı
intermediary <> ara
intermediary <> arabu
intermediary <> aracı
intermediary <> orta
intermediate <> ara
intermediate <> ara 
intermediate <> arabu
intermediate <> aracı
intermediate <> orta
intermediately <> orta
intermediates <> ara
intermediating <> aracı
intermediation <> aracı
interment <> defin
interment <> gömme
interment <> topra
intermet <> Inter
intermetacarpal <> inter
intermetallic <> inter
intermezzo <> ara 
intermezzo <> inter
intermezzo <> perde
interminable <> bitme
interminable <> sonsu
interminable <> uzun
intermingle <> birbi
intermingle <> karış
intermingled <> içe
intermingles <> iç
intermingling <> karış
interministerial <> bakan
intermission <> antra
intermission <> ara
intermission <> mola
intermission <> perde
intermit <> ara 
intermit <> durdu
intermit <> durma
intermit <> kesil
intermit <> tatil
intermitted <> aralı
intermittent <> aralı
intermittent <> gidip
intermittent <> kesik
intermittently <> aralı
intermittently <> kesik
intermix <> birbi
intermix <> karış
intermixable <> karış
intermixed <> karış
intermixing <> karış
intermixture <> birbi
intermixture <> karış
intermodulation <> inter
intermolecular <> molek
intermontane <> dağar
intermountain <> Inter
intermuscular <> inter
intern <> asist
intern <> gözal
intern <> hapse
intern <> kapat
intern <> staj
intern <> stajy
internal <> dahil
internal <> doğa
internal <> iç
internal <> içili
internal <> stajy
internal <> yarad
internalisation <> içsel
internalise <> özüml
internalise <> özüms
internalise <> benim
internalised <> içsel
internalising <> içsel
internality <> içten
internalization <> içsel
internalize <> özüml
internalize <> özüms
internalize <> benim
internalized <> içsel
internalizes <> içsel
internalizing <> içsel
internally <> içten
internals <> iç
internals <> iç 
internation <> mille
internation <> ulusl
international <> mille
international <> ulusl
internationalisation <> Ulusl
internationalisation <> ulusl
internationalise <> ulusl
internationalised <> ulusl
internationalism <> enter
internationalist <> enter
internationalist <> ulusl
internationalists <> enter
internationality <> ulusl
internationalization <> Ulusl
internationalization <> ulusl
internationalize <> ulusl
internationalized <> ulusl
internationalizing <> ulusl
internationally <> ulusl
internationals <> ulusl
interne <> stajy
internecine <> her
internecine <> her 
interned <> staj
internee <> gözal
internet <> İnter
internet <> Inter
internetworks <> kural
interneurons <> inter
interning <> stajy
internist <> dahil
internists <> dahil
internment <> gözal
internment <> hapse
internment <> kapam
internodes <> inter
interns <> stajy
internship <> dokto
internship <> staj
internships <> staj
internuclear <> inter
internus <> inter
interobserver <> gözle
interocclusal <> inter
interoceanic <> okyan
interoffice <> Ofis
interoperability <> birli
interoperable <> birli
interoperate <> birli
interoperation <> birbi
interorganizational <> örgüt
interosseous <> inter
interparliamentary <> parla
interparticle <> Parça
interparty <> Taraf
interpeduncular <> inter
interpellate <> genso
interpellation <> genso
interpenetrant <> Girik
interpenetrate <> birbi
interpenetrate <> içine
interpenetrating <> içe
interpenetration <> içeli
interpersonal <> kişil
interpersonally <> kişil
interphalangeal <> inter
interphase <> inter
interphone <> dahil
interphone <> iç 
interphone <> inter
interphones <> Inter
interplanetary <> gezeg
interplanetary <> uydul
interplay <> etkil
interpleural <> inter
interpolate <> ara 
interpolate <> arası
interpolate <> eklem
interpolate <> katma
interpolated <> inter
interpolation <> ara 
interpolation <> eklem
interpolation <> inter
interpolations <> inter
interpolymer <> inter
interpose <> aracı
interpose <> araya
interpose <> ileri
interpose <> itira
interpose <> karşı
interposed <> inter
interposition <> araya
interposition <> inter
interposition <> karış
interpret <> çevir
interpret <> canla
interpret <> değer
interpret <> oynam
interpret <> tercü
interpret <> yorum
interpretable <> yorum
interpretate <> yorum
interpretation <> çevir
interpretation <> canla
interpretation <> tercü
interpretation <> yorum
interpretational <> Yorum
interpretations <> yorum
interpretative <> yorum
interpreted <> yorum
interpreter <> çevir
interpreter <> tercü
interpreter <> yorum
interpreters <> tercü
interpretership <> çevir
interpretership <> tercü
interpreting <> yorum
interpretive <> yorum
interprets <> yorum
interpretted <> yorum
interpretting <> yorum
interprocess <> arası
interprocessor <> Inter
interproximal <> inter
interpublic <> Inter
interpupillary <> gözbe
interquartile <> çeyre
interradicular <> İnter
interrail <> Inter
interrater <> arası
interred <> gömül
interregional <> bölge
interregnum <> ara
interregnum <> hüküm
interregnum <> yönet
interrelate <> ilişk
interrelated <> ilişk
interrelatedly <> birbi
interrelatedness <> birbi
interrelation <> ilişk
interrelation <> karşı
interrelations <> ilişk
interrelationship <> ilişk
interrelationships <> ilişk
interreligious <> dinle
interring <> INTER
interrogate <> ifade
interrogate <> sorgu
interrogate <> soru
interrogated <> sorgu
interrogates <> sorgu
interrogating <> sorgu
interrogation <> sorgu
interrogation <> soru
interrogations <> sorgu
interrogative <> sorgu
interrogative <> soru
interrogatives <> soru
interrogator <> genso
interrogator <> sorgu
interrogator <> soru
interrogators <> sorgu
interrogatory <> soru
interrupt <> ara 
interrupt <> kapat
interrupt <> kesme
interrupt <> sözün
interrupt <> söze
interrupt <> sekte
interrupt <> yarıd
interrupted <> aksak
interrupted <> kesik
interrupted <> kesil
interrupter <> karış
interrupter <> kesen
interrupter <> sözün
interrupting <> Rahat
interruption <> ara
interruption <> durdu
interruption <> fasıl
interruption <> kesik
interruption <> kesin
interruption <> sözün
interruption <> sekte
interruptions <> kesin
interrupts <> kesme
interscalene <> inter
interscapular <> inter
interscholastic <> okull
interschool <> okull
interscience <> Inter
interscope <> Inter
intersect <> kesiş
intersect <> kesme
intersected <> kesiş
intersecting <> kesiş
intersection <> kavşa
intersection <> kesiş
intersections <> kavşa
intersectoral <> sektö
intersects <> kesiş
intersession <> ara
intersessional <> ara
interset <> manti
intersex <> erdiş
intersex <> inter
intersexual <> erdiş
intersexual <> hem 
intersexuality <> inter
intership <> stajı
intershop <> Inter
interspace <> ara
interspace <> aralı
interspace <> boşlu
interspaces <> arala
interspecies <> türle
interspecific <> türle
intersperse <> değiş
intersperse <> serpi
intersperse <> serpm
interspersed <> serpi
interspinous <> inter
interstate <> eyale
interstellar <> yıldı
interstice <> çatla
interstice <> açıkl
interstice <> aralı
interstice <> yarık
interstices <> boşlu
interstitial <> çatla
interstitial <> dokul
interstitial <> inter
interstitials <> açıla
interstitium <> inter
interstratified <> inter
intersubjective <> öznel
intersystem <> siste
intertemporal <> dönem
intertex <> Inter
intertextual <> metin
intertextuality <> metin
intertidal <> Gelgi
intertrabecular <> inter
intertrade <> Inter
intertrading <> Inter
intertraffic <> Inter
intertribal <> kabil
intertriginous <> kıvrı
intertrochanteric <> inter
intertubular <> inter
intertwine <> birbi
intertwined <> iç
interuniversity <> Ünive
interurban <> şehir
interval <> ara
interval <> aralı
interval <> mesaf
interval <> süre
intervale <> Inter
intervallum <> İnter
intervalometer <> İnter
intervalometers <> inter
intervals <> aralı
intervene <> aracı
intervene <> arada
intervene <> araya
intervene <> geçme
intervene <> karış
intervene <> müdah
intervene <> nüfuz
intervened <> müdah
intervener <> müdah
interveners <> müdah
intervenes <> müdah
intervening <> müdah
intervention <> aracı
intervention <> arada
intervention <> araya
intervention <> geçme
intervention <> karış
intervention <> müdah
intervention <> nüfuz
interventional <> giriş
interventionism <> müdah
interventionist <> karış
interventionist <> müdah
interventionists <> müdah
interventions <> müdah
interventricular <> inter
interview <> görüş
interview <> mülâk
interview <> röpor
interviewed <> röpor
interviewee <> başvu
interviewee <> görüş
interviewees <> Mülak
interviewer <> görüş
interviewers <> anket
interviewing <> mülak
interviews <> görüş
intervillous <> inter
interwar <> savaş
interweave <> birli
interweaving <> birbi
interwind <> birbi
interwork <> s'nin
interworking <> berab
interwoven <> iç
interzonal <> bölge
interzone <> Inter
intestacy <> vasiy
intestate <> vasiy
intestinal <> bağır
intestine <> ülke
intestine <> bağır
intestine <> iç
intestines <> bağır
inti <> Inti
intifadas <> İntif
intil <> Intil
intimacies <> samim
intimacy <> cinse
intimacy <> sıkı
intimacy <> samim
intimacy <> yakın
intimate <> çıtla
intimate <> özel
intimate <> üstü
intimate <> açıkl
intimate <> bildi
intimate <> gizli
intimate <> homoj
intimate <> içli
intimate <> ilişk
intimate <> ima 
intimate <> kişis
intimate <> sıkı
intimate <> sırda
intimate <> samim
intimate <> tam
intimate <> yakın
intimately <> yakın
intimates <> Intim
intimating <> ima
intimation <> çıtla
intimation <> öneri
intimation <> bildi
intimation <> ima
intimations <> içten
intimidate <> gözün
intimidate <> korku
intimidated <> gözda
intimidates <> korku
intimidating <> korku
intimidation <> gözda
intimidation <> korku
intimidation <> tehdi
intimidations <> Korku
intimidator <> Intim
into <> -e
into <> -ye
into <> halin
into <> içeri
into <> içine
intolerability <> intol
intolerable <> çekil
intolerable <> dayan
intolerable <> taham
intolerableness <> dayan
intolerably <> dayan
intolerance <> dayan
intolerance <> hoşgö
intolerances <> intol
intolerant <> hoşgö
intomb <> gömme
intomb <> mezar
intonate <> makam
intonate <> monot
intonation <> ses 
intonation <> tonla
intone <> makam
intone <> monot
intown <> Intow
intoxicant <> sarho
intoxicants <> içki
intoxicate <> kendi
intoxicate <> keyif
intoxicate <> sarho
intoxicated <> alkol
intoxicated <> kendi
intoxicated <> sarho
intoxicating <> alkol
intoxication <> sarho
intoxications <> zehir
intraarterial <> intra
intracanalicular <> intra
intracapsular <> intra
intracardiac <> intra
intracardiac <> kâlp
intracardially <> intra
intracavernous <> intra
intracavitary <> intra
intracellular <> intra
intracellularly <> intra
intracerebral <> intra
intracerebroventricular <> intra
intracervical <> intra
intracisternal <> intra
intracity <> içi
intraclass <> sınıf
intracoastal <> Intra
intracompany <> içi
intracontinental <> içi
intracoronal <> intra
intracorporeal <> intra
intracortical <> intra
intracranial <> intra
intracranially <> intra
intractability <> dik 
intractability <> inatç
intractable <> dik 
intractable <> inatç
intractable <> zorlu
intracutaneous <> intra
intracystic <> intra
intracytoplasmic <> İntra
intrada <> Intra
intraday <> gün
intradermally <> intra
intraductal <> intra
intraembryonic <> intra
intraepithelial <> intra
intrafamilial <> aile
intraformational <> intra
intragastric <> İntra
intragroup <> grup
intrahepatic <> intra
intralaryngeal <> intra
intralesional <> intra
intralobular <> intra
intralymphatic <> intra
intramammary <> meme
intramedullary <> intra
intramolecular <> intra
intramural <> bina
intramural <> duvar
intramural <> okul
intramurally <> intra
intramuscular <> kas
intramuscular <> kas 
intramuscularly <> intra
intramyocardial <> intra
intranasal <> intra
intranasally <> intra
intranets <> intra
intraneural <> intra
intransigence <> inatç
intransigence <> uyuşm
intransigent <> inat
intransigent <> uzlaş
intransitive <> geçiş
intransparent <> şeffa
intrant <> giren
intrant <> yeni
intranuclear <> intra
intraobserver <> içi
intraocular <> göziç
intraoperative <> intra
intraoperatively <> intra
intraosseous <> intra
intrapelvic <> intra
intrapericardial <> intra
intraperitoneally <> intra
intrapersonal <> içsel
intraplate <> Levha
intrapleural <> intra
intrapreneurship <> giriş
intraprostatic <> intra
intrapsychic <> intra
intrapulmonary <> intra
intrarectal <> intra
intraregional <> bölge
intrascrotal <> intra
intraspecific <> tür
intrasplenic <> intra
intrastate <> eyale
intratelluric <> İntra
intratesticular <> intra
intrathecal <> intra
intrathecally <> intra
intrathoracic <> intra
intratracheal <> intra
intratracheally <> intra
intratubular <> intra
intratympanic <> intra
intrauterine <> intra
intravaginal <> intra
intravaginally <> intra
intravascular <> intra
intravascularly <> intra
intravenous <> damar
intravenously <> intra
intraventricular <> intra
intravesical <> intra
intravitreous <> intra
intrench <> sağla
intrench <> siper
intrepid <> cesur
intrepid <> gözüp
intrepid <> korku
intrepidity <> cesur
intrepidity <> korku
intrepidity <> yiğit
intricacies <> karış
intricacy <> anlaş
intricacy <> karış
intricacy <> karma
intricate <> dallı
intricate <> girif
intricate <> karış
intricate <> karma
intricately <> girif
intrigant <> Intri
intrigue <> şaşır
intrigue <> ayart
intrigue <> dalav
intrigue <> dolap
intrigue <> entri
intrigue <> fesat
intrigue <> gizli
intrigue <> ilgis
intrigue <> kandı
intrigued <> çekmi
intriguer <> düzen
intriguer <> dalav
intriguer <> entri
intriguer <> fitne
intriguer <> hilek
intrigues <> entri
intriguing <> şaşır
intriguing <> düzen
intriguing <> dalav
intriguing <> entri
intriguing <> ilgi
intriguing <> merak
intriguingly <> ilgin
intrinsic <> asıl
intrinsic <> esas
intrinsic <> gerçe
intrinsically <> aslen
intrinsically <> doğal
intrinsics <> yerle
introduce <> öğret
introduce <> başla
introduce <> göste
introduce <> getir
introduce <> içeri
introduce <> ortay
introduce <> sunma
introduce <> takdi
introduce <> tanış
introduce <> tanıt
introduced <> tanıt
introduces <> tanıt
introducing <> tanıt
introducting <> Tanış
introduction <> önsöz
introduction <> başla
introduction <> getir
introduction <> giriş
introduction <> takdi
introduction <> tanış
introduction <> tanıt
introductions <> tanıt
introductive <> tanıt
introductory <> giriş
introductory <> tanıt
introit <> Intro
introjection <> içe
intromission <> araya
intromission <> içeri
intromission <> içine
intromission <> kabul
introns <> intro
intros <> tanıt
introspect <> içgöz
introspect <> kendi
introspection <> içgöz
introspective <> içgöz
introversion <> içe
introversion <> içe 
introversion <> içeri
introversion <> içine
introvert <> içe 
introvert <> içine
introvert <> kendi
introverted <> içe
introverts <> içe
intrude <> davet
intrude <> izins
intrude <> tecâv
intrude <> zorla
intruded <> sokul
intruder <> davet
intruder <> zorla
intruders <> davet
intrudes <> hakim
intruding <> izins
intrusion <> davet
intrusion <> ihlal
intrusion <> izins
intrusion <> saldı
intrusion <> tecâv
intrusion <> zorla
intrusions <> intru
intrusive <> araya
intrusive <> davet
intrusive <> izins
intrusive <> sırna
intrusive <> zorla
intrusives <> intru
intrusted <> güven
intubate <> entüb
intubated <> entüb
intubating <> entüb
intubation <> entüb
intubations <> entüb
intubed <> entüb
intuit <> içine
intuit <> sezme
intuition <> önsez
intuition <> sezgi
intuition <> sezi
intuitional <> sezgi
intuitionism <> sezgi
intuitionist <> sezgi
intuitionistic <> sezgi
intuitions <> sezgi
intuitive <> sezgi
intuitively <> sezgi
intuitiveness <> sezgi
intumescence <> şişki
intumescence <> şişli
intumescence <> şişme
intumescence <> kabar
intumescent <> şişen
intumescent <> kabar
intussusception <> invaj
intussusceptions <> invaj
intwined <> çevre
inula <> Inula
inundate <> boğma
inundate <> sel 
inundate <> su 
inundated <> sular
inundation <> boğma
inundation <> sel
inundation <> su
inundation <> su 
inundations <> su
inure <> alışt
inure <> yürür
inures <> bilin
inutile <> Inuti
invade <> akın
invade <> ele 
invade <> gaspe
invade <> içini
invade <> ihlal
invade <> istil
invade <> saldı
invaded <> işgal
invader <> istil
invader <> saldı
invaders <> işgal
invades <> işgal
invading <> istil
invagination <> invag
invaginations <> invaj
invalid <> çürüğ
invalid <> boş
invalid <> geçer
invalid <> hüküm
invalid <> hasta
invalid <> sakat
invalid <> yarar
invalid <> yatal
invalidate <> boşa
invalidate <> geçer
invalidate <> hüküm
invalidate <> iptal
invalidated <> geçer
invalidates <> geçer
invalidating <> geçer
invalidation <> boşa
invalidation <> fesih
invalidation <> gücün
invalidation <> geçer
invalidation <> iptal
invalided <> çürüğ
invalides <> Inval
invalidism <> hasta
invalidism <> sakat
invalidity <> geçer
invalidity <> hüküm
invalidity <> hasta
invalidity <> sakat
invalidly <> geçer
invalids <> sakat
invaluable <> paha
invar <> az 
invar <> nikel
invariability <> değiş
invariability <> sürek
invariability <> sabit
invariable <> daimi
invariable <> değiş
invariable <> devam
invariable <> sürek
invariable <> sabit
invariably <> değiş
invariably <> devam
invariably <> her
invariably <> her 
invariably <> sürek
invariance <> değiş
invariant <> değiş
invariants <> değiş
invasion <> akın
invasion <> ihlal
invasion <> istil
invasion <> kriz
invasion <> nöbet
invasion <> saldı
invasion <> tecâv
invasions <> istil
invasive <> çiğne
invasive <> akın
invasive <> bozan
invasive <> invaz
invasive <> saldı
invasive <> yayıl
invasively <> invaz
invasiveness <> invaz
invective <> hakar
invective <> küfür
invective <> sövüp
invectives <> küfür
invectives <> sövgü
inveigh <> çıkış
inveigh <> azarl
inveigh <> payla
inveighed <> eleşt
inveigle <> ayart
inveigle <> başta
inveigle <> kandı
inveiglement <> aldat
inveiglement <> başta
inveiglement <> kandı
invent <> atmak
invent <> bulma
invent <> icat
invent <> uydur
invented <> icat
invented <> uydur
inventer <> bulan
inventer <> mucit
inventer <> yarat
inventing <> icat
invention <> bulma
invention <> buluş
invention <> icat
invention <> uydur
invention <> yalan
invention <> yarat
inventions <> icatl
inventive <> özgün
inventive <> oriji
inventive <> yarat
inventively <> yarat
inventiveness <> yarat
inventor <> bulan
inventor <> mucit
inventor <> yarat
inventoried <> envan
inventories <> Stokl
inventors <> mucit
inventory <> envan
inventory <> sayım
inventory <> stok
inventress <> mucit
invents <> icat
inversa <> Inver
inverse <> aksi
inverse <> devri
inverse <> ters
inversed <> Inver
inversely <> devri
inversely <> ters
inversely <> tersi
inverses <> tersl
inversion <> akis
inversion <> devri
inversion <> eşcin
inversion <> evirm
inversion <> evirt
inversion <> homos
inversion <> inver
inversion <> ters
inversions <> inver
invert <> devri
invert <> eşcin
invert <> evirm
invert <> homos
invert <> lezbi
invert <> sıras
invert <> ters
invert <> tersi
invertase <> inver
invertebrata <> Omurg
invertebrate <> irade
invertebrate <> omurg
invertebrate <> zayıf
invertebrates <> omurg
inverted <> başaş
inverted <> eşcin
inverted <> tepet
inverted <> ters
invertedly <> ters
inverters <> inver
invertibility <> tersi
invertible <> ters
invertibrates <> omurg
inverting <> tersi
invertor <> İnver
invertors <> inver
inverts <> tersi
invest <> donat
invest <> giydi
invest <> kuşat
invest <> sarma
invest <> yatır
invest <> yetki
investable <> yatır
invested <> yatır
investible <> yatır
investigate <> araşt
investigate <> incel
investigate <> soruş
investigated <> incel
investigates <> araşt
investigating <> soruş
investigation <> araşt
investigation <> gözle
investigation <> incel
investigation <> soruş
investigation <> tefti
investigational <> Araşt
investigations <> soruş
investigations <> tahki
investigative <> araşt
investigator <> araşt
investigator <> dedek
investigator <> müfet
investigators <> Araşt
investigatory <> soruş
investing <> yatır
investiture <> ünifo
investiture <> atama
investiture <> resmi
investiture <> tören
investment <> abluk
investment <> atama
investment <> dışde
investment <> ektod
investment <> kuşat
investment <> para
investment <> tayin
investment <> yatır
investments <> yatır
investor <> serma
investor <> yatır
investors <> yatır
invests <> yatır
inveteracy <> bağım
inveteracy <> kökle
inveteracy <> kroni
inveteracy <> müzmi
inveteracy <> yerle
inveterate <> bağım
inveterate <> köklü
inveterate <> kökle
inveterate <> kroni
inveterate <> müzmi
inveterate <> tirya
inveterate <> yerle
invidious <> haksı
invidious <> kırıc
invidious <> kıska
invidiousness <> haksı
invidiousness <> kırıc
invigilate <> sınav
invigilator <> sınav
invigorate <> canla
invigorated <> canla
invigorates <> canla
invigorating <> canla
invigoration <> canla
invigorative <> zinde
invincibility <> yenil
invincible <> yenil
invincibles <> Invin
inviolability <> bozul
inviolable <> çiğne
inviolable <> bozul
inviolate <> çiğne
inviolate <> bozul
inviolate <> kutsa
inviscid <> invis
invisibility <> görül
invisibility <> görün
invisible <> görün
invisibles <> görün
invisibly <> görün
invision <> Invis
invitation <> çağrı
invitation <> davet
invitational <> davet
invitations <> davet
invite <> çağır
invite <> çekme
invite <> davet
invite <> istem
invite <> neden
invited <> davet
invitee <> davet
invitees <> davet
invites <> davet
inviting <> çekic
inviting <> cazip
invitor <> Davet
invocation <> dua
invocation <> yakar
invocation <> yalva
invocations <> çağrı
invocatory <> dua
invocatory <> dua 
invoice <> fatur
invoiced <> fatur
invoices <> fatur
invoicing <> fatur
invoke <> çağır
invoke <> dua 
invoke <> hatır
invoke <> yakar
invoke <> yalva
invoke <> yardı
invoked <> çağrı
invoker <> Invok
invokes <> çağır
invoking <> çağır
involucrin <> invol
involucrum <> invol
involuntarily <> istem
involuntariness <> istem
involuntary <> irade
involuntary <> istem
involute <> içeri
involute <> karış
involute <> torto
involution <> içe 
involution <> içeri
involution <> karış
involution <> karma
involution <> türev
involutional <> invol
involve <> bulaş
involve <> dahil
involve <> gerek
involve <> kapsa
involve <> karış
involve <> sarma
involve <> sokma
involve <> yol 
involved <> bulaş
involved <> dalmı
involved <> ilgil
involved <> ilişk
involved <> kapıl
involved <> kapsa
involved <> karış
involvement <> bağla
involvement <> ilgi
involvement <> ilişk
involvement <> karış
involvement <> sarma
involvement <> tutul
involvements <> tutul
involver <> Invol
involves <> içeri
involving <> içere
invulnerability <> sağla
invulnerability <> yaral
invulnerability <> zarar
invulnerable <> dayan
invulnerable <> sağla
invulnerable <> yaral
invulnerable <> zarar
inward <> dahil
inward <> derin
inward <> iç
inward <> içe
inward <> içe 
inward <> içeri
inward <> ruh 
inward <> ruhsa
inward <> saklı
inwardly <> içeri
inwardly <> içind
inwardly <> içte
inwardly <> içten
inwardly <> manen
inwardness <> iç 
inwardness <> manev
inwards <> içe
inwards <> içe 
inwards <> içeri
inweave <> bulaş
inweave <> karış
inwood <> Inwoo
inwrought <> karış
iodate <> iyoda
iodic <> iyodi
iodide <> iyodü
iodides <> iyodü
iodinated <> İyotl
iodine <> iyot
iodised <> iyotl
iodism <> iyodi
iodism <> iyot
iodization <> iyotl
iodize <> iyot
iodize <> iyotl
iodized <> İyotl
iodobromite <> İyotb
iodoform <> iyodo
iodomethane <> iyodo
iodometric <> iyodi
iolite <> Iolit
iometer <> IOMet
ion <> iyon
ionic <> İyony
ionic <> iyon
ionic <> iyoni
ionicity <> İyoni
ionisation <> iyoni
ionise <> iyoni
ionised <> iyoni
ionising <> iyonl
ionium <> iyony
ionizable <> iyonl
ionization <> iyoni
ionize <> iyonl
ionized <> iyoni
ionizer <> Ioniz
ionizers <> İyonl
ionizes <> iyoni
ionizing <> iyonl
ionomer <> iyono
ionomers <> iyono
ionone <> iyono
ionophore <> iyono
ionophoresis <> İyono
ionosphere <> iyono
ionospheric <> iyono
ions <> iyonl
iontophoresis <> iyont
iopamidol <> Iopam
iota <> önems
iota <> Yunan
iota <> yota
iota <> zerre
ipecac <> Ipeca
ipecacuanha <> altın
ipomoea <> Ipomo
ippon <> Ippon
ipsilateral <> aynı
ipsilateral <> ipsil
irascibility <> çabuk
irascibility <> asabi
irascible <> çabuk
irascible <> kolay
irate <> kızgı
irate <> sinir
ire <> öfke
ire <> kızgı
ireful <> öfkel
ireful <> kızgı
ireful <> sinir
iremonger <> Irem
ires <> IRES
irian <> Irian
iridaceae <> Irida
iridaceous <> süsen
iridectomy <> iride
iridescence <> renk
iridescence <> yanar
iridescent <> oynad
iridescent <> yanar
iridium <> iridy
iridocorneal <> irido
iridocyclitis <> irido
iridophores <> irido
iridoplegia <> irido
iridotomy <> irido
iris <> gökku
iris <> iris
iris <> süsen
irises <> irisl
irk <> bıktı
irk <> canın
irk <> sıkma
irks <> Bir
irksome <> bıktı
irksome <> sıkıc
irksome <> yoruc
iron <> ütü
iron <> ütüle
iron <> demir
iron <> güç
iron <> güçlü
iron <> golf
iron <> prang
iron <> sıkı
iron <> sapas
iron <> sert
iron <> turp
iron <> zinci
ironbound <> Ironb
ironclad <> şidde
ironclad <> demir
ironclad <> katı
ironclad <> sert
ironclad <> zırhl
ironed <> demir
ironer <> ütü
ironers <> Ütücü
ironhorse <> Ironh
ironic <> alayc
ironic <> alayl
ironic <> ironi
ironic <> ters
ironical <> alayc
ironical <> alayl
ironical <> ironi
ironical <> ters
ironically <> çift
ironically <> alayl
ironically <> ironi
ironing <> ütüle
ironize <> alay
ironize <> demir
ironize <> iğnel
ironize <> kafa
ironmaster <> demir
ironmonger <> hırda
ironmonger <> nalbu
ironmongers <> nalbu
ironmongery <> hırda
ironmongery <> nalbu
irons <> ütüle
irons <> prang
ironside <> Irons
ironsides <> cesur
ironsides <> yiğit
ironsmith <> demir
ironsmiths <> DEMİR
ironware <> demir
ironweed <> Ironw
ironwood <> Demir
ironwork <> demir
ironworker <> demir
ironworking <> demir
ironworks <> demir
irony <> alay
irony <> demir
irony <> gizli
irony <> hiciv
irony <> ince
irony <> rastl
irony <> tersi
irps <> IRPS'
irradiance <> parla
irradiant <> ışıl
irradiant <> parla
irradiate <> ışık
irradiate <> ışın
irradiate <> aydın
irradiate <> saçma
irradiated <> ışınl
irradiation <> ışık
irradiation <> ışın
irradiation <> ışınl
irradiation <> aydın
irradiator <> ışınl
irrational <> akıls
irrational <> irras
irrational <> mantı
irrational <> orans
irrational <> saçma
irrationality <> mantı
irrationality <> orans
irrationality <> saçma
irrationally <> mantı
irrationals <> irras
irrebuttable <> çürüt
irrebuttable <> redde
irreclaimable <> ıslah
irreclaimable <> düzel
irreclaimable <> geri
irrecognizable <> tanın
irreconcilable <> bağda
irreconcilable <> barış
irreconcilable <> uzlaş
irreconcilably <> uzlaş
irrecoverable <> düzel
irrecoverable <> geri
irrecoverable <> karşı
irrecoverable <> tahsi
irrecoverable <> telâf
irrecusable <> redde
irredeemable <> çares
irredeemable <> bozdu
irredeemable <> düzel
irredeemable <> karşı
irredeemable <> telâf
irredentism <> ülken
irredentism <> irred
irredentisms <> bütün
irredentist <> ülken
irredentist <> irred
irredentist <> kaybe
irreducibility <> indir
irreducible <> azalt
irreducible <> indir
irreducibly <> indir
irrefragable <> inkâr
irrefrangible <> bozul
irrefrangible <> feshe
irrefrangible <> kırıl
irrefutable <> çürüt
irrefutable <> inkâr
irrefutable <> redde
irrefutable <> su 
irregardless <> aldır
irregardless <> dikka
irregardless <> her 
irregardless <> kayıt
irregardless <> ne
irregardless <> ne 
irregular <> çarpı
irregular <> başıb
irregular <> bozuk
irregular <> düzen
irregular <> düzgü
irregular <> kural
irregular <> yamuk
irregularities <> düzen
irregularity <> çarpı
irregularity <> aykır
irregularity <> bozuk
irregularity <> düzen
irregularity <> düzgü
irregularity <> kural
irregularity <> suç
irregularly <> düzen
irregulars <> çetel
irregulation <> irreg
irrelevance <> konun
irrelevance <> yersi
irrelevancy <> konun
irrelevancy <> yersi
irrelevant <> alâka
irrelevant <> ilgis
irrelevant <> konu
irrelevant <> yersi
irreligion <> dinsi
irreligious <> din 
irreligious <> dinsi
irreligiousness <> dinsi
irremediable <> çares
irremediable <> düzel
irremediable <> derma
irremediable <> onarı
irremediable <> tedav
irremissible <> affed
irremissible <> hoşgö
irremissible <> kaçın
irremissible <> zorun
irremovable <> oynam
irremovable <> oynat
irremovable <> sabit
irreparable <> çares
irreparable <> düzel
irreparable <> onarı
irreparable <> tamir
irreparably <> onarı
irreplaceable <> eşsiz
irreplaceable <> yeri
irrepressible <> önlen
irrepressible <> bastı
irrepressible <> durdu
irrepressible <> tutul
irreproachable <> hatas
irreproachable <> kusur
irresistibility <> dayan
irresistibility <> karşı
irresistible <> dayan
irresistible <> karşı
irresistibly <> karşı
irresoluble <> çözüm
irresolute <> irade
irresolute <> karar
irresolute <> tered
irresoluteness <> irade
irresolution <> karar
irresolution <> tered
irrespective <> ne
irrespectively <> bakma
irresponsibilities <> sorum
irresponsibility <> sorum
irresponsible <> güven
irresponsible <> sorum
irresponsibleness <> sorum
irresponsibly <> sorum
irresponsive <> cevap
irresponsive <> etkil
irresponsive <> karşı
irresponsiveness <> yanıt
irretrievable <> karşı
irretrievable <> onarı
irretrievable <> tekra
irretrievable <> telaf
irreverence <> saygı
irreverent <> saygı
irreverently <> saygı
irreversibilities <> tersi
irreversibility <> tersi
irreversible <> dönül
irreversible <> kesin
irreversible <> ters
irreversible <> tersi
irreversibly <> geri
irrevocability <> değiş
irrevocable <> değiş
irrevocable <> geri
irrevocable <> iptal
irrevocable <> kesin
irrevocably <> geri
irrigable <> sulan
irrigant <> irrig
irrigate <> sulam
irrigated <> sulan
irrigating <> sulam
irrigation <> sulam
irrigational <> Sulam
irrigations <> sulam
irrigators <> sulam
irritability <> çabuk
irritability <> asabi
irritability <> sinir
irritable <> çabuk
irritable <> alıng
irritable <> asabi
irritable <> hırçı
irritable <> sinir
irritable <> tahri
irritably <> sinir
irritancy <> tahri
irritant <> kışkı
irritant <> kızdı
irritant <> rahat
irritant <> sinir
irritant <> tahri
irritants <> tahri
irritate <> öfkel
irritate <> azdır
irritate <> gıcık
irritate <> iptal
irritate <> kızdı
irritate <> kaşın
irritate <> kurca
irritate <> rahat
irritate <> sinir
irritate <> tahri
irritated <> tedir
irritates <> rahat
irritating <> kızdı
irritating <> kaşın
irritating <> rahat
irritating <> sinir
irritating <> tahri
irritation <> öfke
irritation <> kızgı
irritation <> kaşın
irritation <> kurca
irritation <> sinir
irritation <> tahri
irritations <> tahri
irritative <> irrit
irrupt <> basma
irrupt <> istil
irrupt <> zorla
irruption <> akın
irruption <> baskı
irruption <> istil
irruption <> zorla
irruptive <> baskı
is <> olduğ
isabellas <> İsabe
isatis <> Isati
isbas <> İSBAŞ
ischaemia <> iskem
ischaemic <> iskem
ischemia <> iskem
ischemic <> iskem
ischia <> Ischi
ischiadic <> iskiy
ischiadic <> omurg
ischiadic <> siyat
ischial <> ischi
isentropic <> izent
ises <> ISES
isethionate <> İseth
ishes <> tipin
isinglass <> balık
island <> ada
islander <> adalı
islanders <> ada
islands <> adala
islay <> Islay
isle <> ada
isle <> adacı
islet <> adacı
islets <> adacı
isling <> Islin
ism <> öğret
ism <> doktr
ism <> mesle
isms <> izm
isoamyl <> izoam
isobar <> eşbas
isobar <> izoba
isobaric <> izoba
isobath <> eşder
isobornyl <> izobo
isobutane <> izobü
isobutyl <> izobu
isobutyric <> izobü
isocaloric <> izoka
isochromatic <> eşren
isochromosome <> izokr
isochron <> izokr
isochrone <> izokr
isochrones <> izokr
isochronous <> eşfre
isochronous <> eşzam
isochrons <> izokr
isoclasite <> İzokl
isoclinal <> izokl
isoclinic <> eş
isoclinic <> eş 
isocratic <> izokr
isocyanate <> izosi
isocyanates <> izosi
isodense <> Aynı
isodomic <> İzodo
isodose <> izodo
isodynamic <> eşkuv
isoelectric <> izoel
isoenzyme <> izoen
isoenzymes <> izoen
isoflavone <> izofl
isoflavones <> isofl
isoflurane <> izofl
isoform <> izofo
isogenies <> benze
isogonic <> eş
isogonic <> eş 
isohyet <> İzohi
isoimmunization <> izoim
isokinetic <> izoki
isolate <> arıtm
isolate <> ayırm
isolate <> ayrı
isolate <> izole
isolate <> soyut
isolate <> tecri
isolate <> yalıt
isolated <> ıssız
isolated <> ayrı
isolated <> ayrıl
isolated <> soyut
isolated <> yalıt
isolated <> yalnı
isolates <> izola
isolating <> izole
isolation <> ayırm
isolation <> ayrı
isolation <> izola
isolation <> karan
isolation <> soyut
isolation <> tecri
isolationism <> soyut
isolationist <> soyut
isolations <> izola
isolator <> izola
isolators <> izola
isoleucine <> izolö
isomaltase <> izoma
isomaltulose <> isoma
isomer <> izome
isomerase <> izome
isomerases <> İzome
isomeres <> izome
isomeric <> izome
isomerisation <> izome
isomerised <> izome
isomerism <> izome
isomerisms <> İzome
isomerization <> izome
isomers <> izome
isometric <> eş 
isometric <> izome
isometric <> pasif
isometrically <> izome
isometrics <> izome
isometries <> izome
isometry <> izome
isomorph <> izomo
isomorphic <> izomo
isomorphism <> izomo
isomorphisms <> izomo
isomorphous <> izomo
isoniazid <> izoni
isoniazide <> izoni
isooctane <> izook
isopach <> İzopa
isopentyl <> isope
isophthalic <> Isoph
isopleth <> eşdeğ
isoprenaline <> izopr
isoprene <> izopr
isoprenoid <> izopr
isoprenoids <> izopr
isopropanol <> izopr
isopropoxide <> izopr
isopropyl <> izopr
isopycnic <> İzopi
isosceles <> eşken
isosceles <> ikizk
isoseismal <> Eş
isosorbide <> isoso
isostatic <> izost
isotactic <> izota
isotherm <> eşısı
isotherm <> izote
isothermal <> eşısı
isothermal <> izote
isothermals <> izote
isothermic <> izote
isotherms <> izote
isothiocyanates <> İzoti
isotonic <> izoto
isotonicity <> İzoto
isotope <> izoto
isotopes <> izoto
isotopic <> izoto
isotopically <> izoto
isotopy <> izoto
isotrope <> izotr
isotropic <> izotr
isotropy <> izotr
isotype <> izoti
isotypic <> izoti
isovaleric <> izova
isovolumetric <> izovo
isovolumic <> izovo
isozyme <> izoen
isozymes <> izoen
isradipine <> israd
israelii <> israe
issei <> Issei
issing <> Issin
issuable <> çıkar
issuable <> esasa
issuable <> yayın
issuance <> çıkar
issuance <> veril
issuance <> yayın
issuances <> Açıkl
issue <> çıkış
issue <> çıkar
issue <> çıkma
issue <> çocuk
issue <> akıbe
issue <> akınt
issue <> akmak
issue <> basım
issue <> bildi
issue <> dağıt
issue <> ihraç
issue <> iltih
issue <> irin
issue <> konu
issue <> mesel
issue <> nesil
issue <> piyas
issue <> sayı
issue <> son
issue <> sonuç
issue <> sorun
issue <> yayın
issued <> veril
issueless <> çocuk
issuer <> hisse
issuer <> veren
issuers <> ihraç
issues <> konul
issuing <> veren
isthmian <> kısta
isthmus <> berza
isthmus <> kısta
isthmuses <> kısta
it <> çekic
it <> öneml
it <> İtaly
it <> şahsi
it <> cazib
it <> cinse
it <> ebe
it <> ilişk
it <> o
it <> ona
it <> onu
itaconic <> itako
italianate <> İtaly
italic <> itali
italicise <> itali
italicised <> itali
italicize <> altın
italicize <> itali
italicized <> itali
italics <> itali
itas <> ITAS
itch <> çok 
itch <> can 
itch <> heves
itch <> kaşın
itch <> uyuz
itches <> kaşın
itchiness <> kaşın
itching <> heves
itching <> istek
itching <> kaşın
itching <> sinir
itchy <> heves
itchy <> istek
itchy <> kaşın
itchy <> sinir
itchy <> uyuz
item <> çeşit
item <> ayrıc
item <> bir 
item <> dahi
item <> haber
item <> kalem
item <> keza
item <> madde
item <> parça
itemised <> ayrın
itemize <> ayrın
itemized <> ayrın
itemizing <> döküm
items <> öğele
iter <> rota
iterate <> tekra
iterate <> yinel
iterated <> yinel
iterates <> yinel
iterating <> yinel
iteration <> teker
iteration <> tekra
iterations <> yinel
iterative <> tekra
iteratively <> itera
iterator <> yinel
iterators <> Yinel
ithyphallic <> Ithyp
itineracy <> gezgi
itineracy <> seyya
itinerancy <> gezgi
itinerancy <> seyya
itinerant <> gezic
itinerant <> seyya
itineraries <> güzer
itinerary <> gezi
itinerary <> izlen
itinerary <> seyah
itinerary <> yol
itinerary <> yol 
itinerary <> yolcu
itinerate <> dolaş
itinerate <> gezme
itinerate <> yol 
itinerate <> yolcu
itraconazole <> itrak
its <> kendi
its <> onun
its <> onunk
itself <> bizza
itself <> kendi
itself <> sadec
ivermectin <> iverm
ivied <> sarma
ivories <> bilar
ivories <> dişle
ivories <> fildi
ivories <> oyun
ivories <> piyan
ivories <> zarla
ivory <> fildi
ivy <> sarma
iwis <> İWİS
ixia <> Ixia
ixodes <> Ixode
ixodidae <> Ixodi
izard <> keçiy
izvestia <> İzves
izzard <> Z
izzard <> Z 
izzat <> Izzat
jab <> aşı
jab <> batır
jab <> dürtm
jab <> iğne
jab <> sapla
jab <> yumru
jabber <> çabuk
jabber <> ağzın
jabber <> hızlı
jabbers <> konuş
jabberwock <> Jabbe
jabberwocky <> Jabbe
jabiru <> Jabir
jabot <> fırfı
jabot <> jabo
jabs <> iğnel
jacaranda <> jakar
jacaranda <> mavi
jacinth <> bir
jacinth <> bir 
jack <> adam
jack <> erkek
jack <> kaldı
jack <> kriko
jack <> mangı
jack <> para
jack <> priz
jack <> sanca
jack <> vale
jack <> yükse
jackal <> çakal
jackals <> çakal
jackanapes <> şımar
jackanapes <> kendi
jackanapes <> maymu
jackanapes <> züppe
jackaroo <> acemi
jackaroo <> yeni
jackass <> ahmak
jackass <> budal
jackass <> eşek
jackass <> erkek
jackboot <> balık
jackboot <> kaba
jackboots <> çizme
jackdaw <> küçük
jacked <> Jacke
jackers <> Macki
jacket <> ceket
jacket <> kabuk
jacket <> kap
jacket <> kitab
jacket <> kitap
jacketed <> ceket
jacketing <> manto
jackets <> ceket
jackhammers <> kazıc
jacking <> itme
jackknife <> ayakl
jackknife <> ikiye
jackknife <> katla
jackknife <> susta
jackpot <> büyük
jackpot <> bingo
jackpot <> jackp
jackpot <> pot
jackpots <> ikram
jackrabbit <> Jackr
jackrabbits <> kır
jacks <> jakla
jackscrews <> kriko
jackstraw <> bosta
jackstraw <> mikad
jackstraws <> mikad
jacobin <> Domin
jacobin <> ihtil
jacobin <> kökte
jacobin <> radik
jacobins <> Jakob
jacobus <> Jacob
jaconet <> ince
jaconet <> sargı
jacquard <> jakar
jacquards <> jakar
jactitation <> boş 
jactitation <> sakin
jactitation <> yalan
jacuzzi <> jakuz
jacuzzis <> jakuz
jade <> açık
jade <> beygi
jade <> fingi
jade <> haspa
jade <> yılkı
jade <> yeşim
jade <> yosma
jaded <> bitki
jaded <> istek
jaded <> tatsı
jaded <> yavan
jaded <> yorgu
jaded <> zevks
jadeite <> jadei
jadeites <> jadei
jadeitite <> Jadei
jades <> Jades
jaeger <> yünlü
jag <> çenti
jag <> diş
jag <> içki
jag <> kafas
jag <> sarho
jag <> sivri
jagannath <> Jagan
jager <> Jager
jagged <> çenti
jagged <> diş 
jagged <> dişli
jagged <> dik
jagged <> kafay
jagged <> pürüz
jagged <> sarho
jagged <> sarp
jagged <> sivri
jaggers <> Jagge
jaguar <> jagua
jail <> cezae
jail <> hapis
jail <> hapse
jail <> kafes
jail <> kodes
jail <> tutuk
jailbird <> hapis
jailbreak <> firar
jailbreak <> hapis
jailbreaker <> firar
jailbreaker <> hapis
jailbreakers <> Jailb
jailed <> hapis
jailer <> gardi
jailer <> zinda
jailhouse <> Jailh
jailing <> hapse
jails <> hapis
jakie <> Jakie
jako <> Jako
jalap <> çalap
jalapenos <> Jalap
jaloppy <> hurda
jaloppy <> külüs
jalopy <> hurda
jalopy <> külüs
jalousie <> jaluz
jalousie <> panju
jam <> çocuk
jam <> basit
jam <> basma
jam <> doğaç
jam <> durdu
jam <> izdih
jam <> kıstı
jam <> kolay
jam <> paraz
jam <> reçel
jam <> sıkış
jam <> sıkma
jam <> tıkam
jam <> tıkan
jam <> takıl
jam <> tutuk
jam <> yayın
jamahiriya <> Halk
jamaica <> Jamai
jamb <> perva
jambalaya <> Jamba
jambo <> Jambo
jamboree <> cümbü
jamboree <> eğlen
jamboree <> izci
jamboree <> kutla
jamesonite <> Jamso
jammed <> sıkış
jammed <> tıkan
jammer <> paraz
jammer <> yayın
jammers <> kilit
jamming <> paraz
jamming <> sıkış
jamming <> tutuk
jamming <> yayın
jammy <> şansl
jammy <> ballı
jammy <> birin
jammy <> kalit
jams <> sıkış
jane <> jane
jane <> kadın
jane <> karı
jangle <> çıngı
jangle <> çalma
jangle <> atışm
jangle <> kavga
jangle <> tıngı
jangle <> tartı
jangle <> uyums
jangles <> Ahenk
janissaries <> Yeniç
janissary <> yeniç
janitor <> bina
janitor <> hadem
janitor <> kapıc
janitors <> kapıc
janizary <> yeniç
jannock <> dürüs
jannock <> samim
janny <> Janny
jans <> Jans
jansenist <> Janse
jansky <> Jansk
janty <> Janty
jap <> Japon
jap <> jap
japan <> Japon
japan <> verni
japanize <> Japon
japanized <> Japon
japans <> Japan
jape <> alay
jape <> dalga
jape <> kafa
japonica <> Japon
japs <> Japon
jar <> çatış
jar <> çatla
jar <> şok
jar <> bira
jar <> didiş
jar <> gıcır
jar <> karşı
jar <> kavan
jar <> kavga
jar <> kulak
jar <> sarsı
jar <> sarsm
jar <> uymam
jardiniere <> garni
jardiniere <> haşla
jardiniere <> saksı
jargon <> özel
jargon <> jargo
jargon <> mesle
jargonize <> özel
jargonize <> mesle
jarhead <> Jarhe
jari <> Jari
jarl <> Jarl
jarosite <> jaros
jarrah <> Jarra
jarred <> kavan
jarring <> karşı
jarring <> kulak
jarring <> sarsı
jarring <> sarsa
jarring <> uyums
jarring <> zıt
jars <> kavan
jasey <> Jasey
jasmin <> yasem
jasmine <> yasem
jasmines <> yasem
jasminum <> Jasmi
jaspagate <> Jaspa
jasper <> jasp
jasper <> jaspe
jasper <> yeşim
jaspers <> Jaspe
jaspis <> Jaspi
jataka <> Jatak
jauch <> Jauch
jaundice <> önyar
jaundice <> haset
jaundice <> kıska
jaundice <> sarıl
jaundiced <> önyar
jaundiced <> fesat
jaundiced <> kıska
jaundiced <> kuşku
jaundiced <> sarıl
jaunt <> dolaş
jaunt <> gezin
jaunt <> gezme
jauntily <> şık 
jauntily <> göste
jauntily <> kaygı
jauntily <> neşey
jaunty <> şık
jaunty <> şen
jaunty <> haval
jaunty <> kaygı
java <> Cava
java <> java
java <> kahve
javel <> Javel
javelin <> cirit
javelin <> kargı
javelin <> mızra
jaw <> çene
jaw <> öğüt
jaw <> ağız
jaw <> azar
jaw <> boş 
jaw <> can 
jaw <> dırdı
jaw <> gevez
jaw <> nasih
jaw <> sıkıc
jaw <> uzun
jaw <> vırvı
jawbone <> çene
jawbone <> tehdi
jawbones <> çene
jawbox <> Jawbo
jawbreaker <> söyle
jawbreaker <> telaf
jawbreaking <> söyle
jawbreaking <> telaf
jawed <> çenel
jawless <> çenes
jaws <> çenel
jaws <> ağız
jay <> önüne
jay <> alaka
jay <> dikka
jay <> jay
jay <> kesta
jaybird <> Jaybi
jaywalk <> önüne
jaywalk <> dikka
jaywalker <> önüne
jaywalker <> dikka
jazz <> ahenk
jazz <> boş 
jazz <> canla
jazz <> caz
jazz <> caz 
jazz <> cinse
jazz <> gürül
jazz <> hızla
jazz <> ilişk
jazz <> kafa
jazz <> palav
jazzer <> cazcı
jazzman <> Jazzm
jazzy <> caz
jazzy <> caz 
jazzy <> göz 
jazzy <> parla
jealous <> özenl
jealous <> düşkü
jealous <> güven
jealous <> kıska
jealous <> titiz
jealousies <> kıska
jealously <> kıska
jealousy <> özen
jealousy <> haset
jealousy <> kıska
jean <> kot
jeanette <> Jeane
jeans <> bluci
jeans <> kot
jeans <> kot 
jebel <> Jebel
jebusite <> Yevus
jebusites <> Yevus
jeep <> arazi
jeep <> jip
jeepers <> Jeepe
jeepney <> Jeepn
jeeps <> jiple
jeer <> alay
jeer <> dalga
jeer <> taş
jeer <> taş 
jeer <> yuhal
jeering <> alay
jeering <> alayl
jeering <> taş 
jeering <> taşlı
jeering <> yuhal
jeez <> Olama
jefe <> Jefe
jeffersonite <> Jefer
jeffs <> Jeffs
jehad <> Jehad
jehovah <> Yehov
jehovahs <> Yehov
jehu <> araba
jehu <> dikka
jejune <> çorak
jejune <> basit
jejune <> gıdas
jejune <> verim
jejune <> yavan
jejunoileal <> tutul
jejunoileostomy <> jejun
jejunostomy <> jejun
jejunotomy <> jejun
jejunum <> ince
jell <> şekil
jell <> biçim
jell <> jöle
jell <> pelte
jellico <> Jelli
jellied <> jölel
jellied <> pelte
jellies <> jölel
jellify <> jöle
jellify <> pelte
jelling <> Jelli
jello <> Jello
jelly <> dinam
jelly <> jöle
jelly <> pelte
jellybean <> Jelly
jellyfish <> deniz
jellyfish <> muhal
jellyfish <> pısır
jemima <> Jemim
jemmy <> hırsı
jemmy <> levye
jennet <> küçük
jenny <> Jenny
jenny <> dişi
jenny <> kız
jenny <> lokom
jenny <> porta
jeopardise <> riske
jeopardise <> tehli
jeopardised <> tehli
jeopardises <> tehdi
jeopardising <> tehli
jeopardize <> riske
jeopardize <> tehli
jeopardized <> tehli
jeopardizes <> tehdi
jeopardizing <> tehli
jeopardy <> risk
jeopardy <> rizik
jeopardy <> tehli
jerboa <> Arap
jerboa <> zıpla
jereed <> cirit
jeremiad <> ferya
jeremiad <> yakın
jerk <> çekiv
jerk <> aşağı
jerk <> ahmak
jerk <> ani 
jerk <> eti 
jerk <> iğren
jerk <> kasıl
jerk <> kola
jerk <> pisli
jerk <> refle
jerk <> sıçra
jerk <> sarsı
jerk <> sarsm
jerk <> silkm
jerk <> soda
jerk <> titre
jerked <> sarsı
jerkily <> düzen
jerkily <> sarsı
jerkily <> sarsa
jerkin <> dar 
jerkin <> deri
jerkins <> Jerki
jerkwater <> önems
jerkwater <> adi
jerkwater <> değer
jerkwater <> taşra
jerkwater <> ucuz
jerky <> düzen
jerky <> salak
jerky <> sarsı
jerky <> sarsa
jeroboam <> büyük
jerry <> Alman
jerry <> Jerry
jerry <> lazım
jerrycan <> bidon
jersey <> örgü
jersey <> Jerse
jersey <> jarse
jersey <> jerse
jersey <> kılık
jersey <> kazak
jerseys <> forma
jerusalem <> Kudüs
jerusalem <> yer 
jess <> atmac
jessamine <> yasem
jest <> şaka
jest <> alay
jested <> Jeste
jester <> şakac
jester <> maska
jester <> soyta
jesters <> soyta
jesting <> şakac
jesting <> şakal
jesting <> gülün
jesting <> komik
jestingly <> şaka
jesuit <> Cizvi
jesuitry <> Cizvi
jesuitry <> safsa
jesuits <> Cizvi
jesus <> İsa
jesus <> İsa p
jesus <> Hazre
jet <> fışkı
jet <> fıskı
jet <> jet
jet <> jet 
jet <> kapka
jet <> karak
jet <> oltu
jet <> simsi
jetblack <> JetBl
jeton <> Jeton
jetpack <> Jetpa
jetpacks <> Jetpa
jetplane <> uçakl
jetport <> Jetpo
jets <> jetle
jetsam <> deniz
jetsam <> gemid
jetsons <> Jetso
jetstream <> Jetst
jetted <> jeti
jetties <> iskel
jetting <> jeti
jettison <> ağırl
jettison <> başın
jettison <> gemid
jettison <> safra
jettison <> yük 
jettisonable <> atıla
jettisonable <> fırla
jetton <> fiş
jetton <> marka
jetty <> dalga
jetty <> mendi
jetty <> rıhtı
jetty <> vapur
jew <> İbran
jew <> Musev
jew <> Yahud
jew <> kazık
jew <> tefec
jewel <> cevhe
jewel <> değer
jewel <> mücev
jewel <> pırla
jewel <> saat
jeweled <> mücev
jeweler <> kuyum
jewelers <> kuyum
jewelled <> mücev
jeweller <> kuyum
jewelleries <> takı
jewellers <> kuyum
jewellery <> kuyum
jewellery <> mücev
jewellery <> takı
jewelries <> takıl
jewelry <> kuyum
jewelry <> mücev
jewelry <> takı
jewels <> mücev
jewess <> Musev
jewess <> Yahud
jezebel <> ahlak
jezebel <> kötü
jib <> ayak
jib <> diren
jib <> flok
jib <> inatl
jib <> istem
jib <> vinç
jibbs <> Jibbs
jibe <> alay
jibe <> birbi
jibe <> dalga
jibe <> dokun
jibe <> taş
jibe <> taş 
jibe <> uyuşm
jibe <> yelke
jiff <> an
jiff <> lahza
jiffy <> an
jiffy <> lahza
jig <> şablo
jig <> canlı
jig <> cig 
jig <> dans
jig <> delme
jig <> elekt
jig <> hopla
jig <> jig
jig <> kalib
jig <> klişe
jig <> maden
jig <> oynam
jig <> sevin
jigger <> alet
jigger <> cig 
jigger <> ete 
jigger <> golf
jigger <> içki
jigger <> istek
jigger <> küçük
jigging <> jig
jiggle <> hafif
jiggly <> çalka
jiggy <> Jiggy
jigs <> Jigs
jigsaw <> jigsa
jigsaw <> oyma
jigsaws <> Dekup
jihad <> cihat
jihad <> din 
jill <> Jill
jill <> sevgi
jilt <> bırak
jilt <> evlen
jilt <> fındı
jilt <> terke
jiminy <> Jimin
jimmie <> Jimmi
jimmy <> hırsı
jimmy <> jimmy
jimmy <> levye
jingle <> çınla
jingle <> çalma
jingle <> çan 
jingle <> şıngı
jingle <> kısa
jingles <> jingl
jingling <> çıngı
jingo <> şoven
jingo <> aşırı
jingoism <> şoven
jingoism <> aşırı
jingoistic <> şoven
jink <> sıçra
jink <> yana
jinks <> cümbü
jinn <> cinle
jinnee <> cin
jinni <> Cin
jinns <> Cinle
jinny <> Jinny
jinricksha <> çekçe
jinrikisha <> çekçe
jins <> Jins
jinx <> büyü
jinx <> uğurs
jinxed <> lanet
jism <> Jism
jitter <> jitte
jitter <> sinir
jitterbug <> swing
jittered <> seğir
jitters <> aşırı
jitters <> gergi
jitters <> sinir
jittery <> gergi
jittery <> korku
jittery <> sinir
jive <> caz
jive <> caz 
jive <> gevez
jiving <> kimle
jnana <> Jnana
joannes <> Joann
job <> Eyüp
job <> Yyüp
job <> alet
job <> estet
job <> görev
job <> iş
job <> iş 
job <> işe 
job <> kârlı
job <> kiral
job <> kiray
job <> komiş
job <> mesle
job <> suç
job <> tip
job <> ufak
job <> zimme
jobber <> aracı
jobber <> borsa
jobber <> görev
jobber <> geçic
jobber <> karab
jobber <> topta
jobber <> vurgu
jobber <> yevmi
jobbery <> görev
jobbery <> karab
jobbery <> vurgu
jobbing <> dalav
jobbing <> komis
jobbing <> simsa
jobbing <> spekü
jobbing <> topta
jobbing <> yevmi
jobcentre <> Jobce
jobe <> Jobe
jobless <> iğsiz
jobless <> işsiz
joblessness <> işsiz
jobo <> Jobo
jobs <> işler
jock <> İskoç
jocker <> Jocke
jockey <> binic
jockey <> cokey
jockey <> dolan
jockey <> jokey
jockey <> kandı
jockey <> kurna
jockeyed <> aldat
jocko <> Jocko
joco <> Joco
jocose <> şakac
jocose <> komik
jocosity <> şakac
jocular <> şakac
jocular <> güldü
jocularity <> şakac
jocularity <> neşel
jocularly <> şakac
jocund <> şen
jocund <> güler
jocund <> neşel
jocundity <> neşe
jocundity <> neşel
jodhpur <> Jodhp
jog <> aynı
jog <> canla
jog <> dürtm
jog <> itme
jog <> itmek
jog <> joggi
jog <> koşma
jog <> salla
jog <> sarsm
jog <> yavaş
jogged <> koştu
jogger <> joggi
jogging <> joggi
jogging <> tempo
joggle <> diş 
joggle <> geçme
joggle <> hafif
joggle <> salla
joggle <> sarsı
joggle <> sarsm
joggle <> zıvan
jogtrot <> ağır
jogtrot <> yavaş
jogtrot <> yerin
john <> John
john <> tuval
johnnie <> Johnn
johnnies <> ahbap
johnny <> herif
johnny <> johnn
johnny <> tip
johnsons <> Johns
join <> üye 
join <> birle
join <> ek 
join <> eklem
join <> iştir
join <> katıl
join <> katma
join <> kayna
join <> sınır
joinder <> birle
joined <> katıl
joiner <> doğra
joiner <> maran
joineries <> doğra
joiners <> doğra
joinery <> doğra
joinery <> maran
joining <> birle
joining <> iştir
joining <> katıl
joining <> kayna
joins <> birle
joint <> batak
joint <> birle
joint <> birli
joint <> bitiş
joint <> ek 
joint <> eklem
joint <> esrar
joint <> müşte
joint <> mafsa
joint <> ortak
joint <> ot
jointed <> birle
jointed <> eklem
jointed <> oynak
jointer <> Joint
jointing <> birle
jointless <> eksiz
jointly <> birli
jointly <> müşte
jointly <> ortak
joints <> eklem
joist <> döşem
joist <> kiriş
joists <> kiriş
jojoba <> Jojob
joke <> şaka
joke <> alay
joke <> espri
joke <> fıkra
joke <> komik
joke <> muzip
joked <> şaka
joker <> şakac
joker <> adam
joker <> ahbap
joker <> joker
joker <> sözle
jokers <> joker
jokes <> şakal
joking <> şaka
joking <> şakac
jokingly <> şaka
jole <> Jole
joll <> Joll
jolley <> Jolle
jollification <> alem
jollification <> cümbü
jollification <> eğlen
jolliness <> eğlen
jolliness <> neşe
jolliness <> neşel
jollity <> cümbü
jollity <> eğlen
jollity <> neşe
jollity <> neşel
jolly <> çakır
jolly <> çok
jolly <> şen
jolly <> alay
jolly <> fazla
jolly <> hoş
jolly <> ikna
jolly <> kandı
jolly <> keyif
jolly <> neşel
jolly <> pek
jolly <> son 
jolly <> su 
jolly <> takıl
jolt <> çarpm
jolt <> şaşır
jolt <> şok
jolt <> dürtm
jolt <> darbe
jolt <> etki
jolt <> hırpa
jolt <> salla
jolt <> sarsı
jolt <> sarsm
jolting <> sarsı
jolts <> sarsı
jomo <> Jomo
jonah <> Yunus
jonah <> jonah
jonah <> uğurs
jones <> Jones
jonquil <> fulya
jonty <> Jonty
joram <> Joram
jordan <> Ürdün
jordanite <> Yorda
jordans <> Jorda
jorden <> Jorde
jordens <> Jorde
jorum <> büyük
josephinite <> Yösef
josephs <> Josep
josh <> şaka
josh <> alay
josh <> takıl
joso <> Joso
joss <> Çin
joss <> Çin p
josser <> ahmak
josser <> herif
josser <> papaz
jostle <> dürtü
jostle <> itişm
jostle <> itip
jostle <> sürtü
jot <> zerre
jotas <> Jotas
jotter <> not
jotter <> not 
jotting <> not
jotting <> not 
jotun <> Jotun
jouissance <> intif
joule <> jul
joules <> joule
jounce <> şok
jounce <> sarsı
jounce <> sarsm
journal <> şaft
journal <> anı 
journal <> bülte
journal <> dergi
journal <> günde
journal <> günlü
journal <> gazet
journal <> jurna
journal <> seyir
journal <> yevmi
journalese <> gazet
journalism <> gazet
journalist <> gazet
journalistic <> gazet
journalistically <> gazet
journalists <> gazet
journalizing <> yevmi
journals <> dergi
journey <> gezi
journey <> geziy
journey <> mesaf
journey <> sefer
journey <> seyah
journey <> seyir
journey <> yol
journey <> yolcu
journeyed <> yolcu
journeying <> yolcu
journeyings <> yolcu
journeyman <> usta
journeyman <> ustab
journeymen <> kalfa
journeys <> yolcu
joust <> atlı
joust <> gazet
joust <> polem
jovial <> şen 
jovial <> keyif
jovial <> neşel
jovial <> sevin
joviality <> keyif
joviality <> neşe
joviality <> neşel
jovially <> neşey
jowl <> çene
jowl <> gıdık
jowl <> gerda
jowls <> çene
joy <> çok 
joy <> başar
joy <> haz
joy <> keyif
joy <> mutlu
joy <> neşe
joy <> sevin
joy <> sonuç
joyful <> neşel
joyful <> sevin
joyfully <> sevin
joyfulness <> neşel
joyfulness <> sevin
joyless <> mutsu
joyless <> neşes
joyous <> neşel
joyous <> sevin
joyously <> neşel
joys <> sevin
joystick <> çük
joystick <> joyst
joystick <> kuman
joystick <> penis
joysticks <> joyst
jub <> JUB
jubilance <> çok
jubilance <> çok 
jubilance <> sevin
jubilant <> çok
jubilant <> çok 
jubilant <> sevin
jubilantly <> sevin
jubilate <> çok
jubilate <> çok 
jubilate <> kutla
jubilate <> sevin
jubilation <> çok 
jubilation <> şenli
jubilation <> bayra
jubile <> Özgür
jubilee <> ellin
jubilee <> jübil
jubilee <> yıldö
jubilees <> Jubil
judas <> Yehud
judas <> gözet
judas <> hain
judas <> judas
judder <> sarsı
judder <> titre
juddering <> sarsı
judge <> anlam
judge <> değer
judge <> ekspe
judge <> hüküm
judge <> hakem
judge <> hakim
judge <> kanıs
judge <> karar
judge <> muhak
judge <> tahmi
judge <> uzman
judge <> yargı
judged <> karar
judgement <> düşün
judgement <> hüküm
judgement <> kanı
judgement <> karar
judgement <> muhak
judgement <> sağdu
judgement <> tahmi
judgement <> yargı
judgemental <> yargı
judgements <> karar
judges <> Yargı
judgeship <> hakim
judgeship <> yargı
judging <> yargı
judgment <> düşün
judgment <> hüküm
judgment <> kanı
judgment <> karar
judgment <> muhak
judgment <> sağdu
judgment <> tahmi
judgment <> yargı
judgmental <> yargı
judgments <> karar
judicative <> yargı
judicator <> yargı
judicature <> hakim
judicature <> yargı
judicial <> adli
judicial <> eleşt
judicial <> hukuk
judicial <> mahke
judicial <> tüzel
judicial <> taraf
judicial <> yargı
judicially <> Hukuk
judiciaries <> yargı
judiciary <> adlı
judiciary <> yargı
judicious <> akıll
judicious <> aklı
judicious <> akla
judicious <> makul
judo <> judo
judoka <> judoc
judy <> Judy
judy <> soyta
jug <> çömle
jug <> ötmek
jug <> şakım
jug <> bülbü
jug <> güveç
jug <> kodes
jug <> sürah
jug <> testi
jugal <> Jugal
jugful <> testi
juggernaut <> önüne
juggernaut <> inana
juggernaut <> körü
juggernauts <> Jugge
juggins <> budal
juggins <> saf
juggle <> denge
juggle <> hokka
juggle <> oynam
juggle <> topla
juggle <> yer 
juggler <> hileb
juggler <> hokka
jugglers <> hokka
jugglery <> dolan
jugglery <> hileb
jugglery <> hokka
juggling <> hokka
jughead <> Jughe
juglans <> Jugla
juglet <> testi
jugs <> testi
jugular <> şahda
jugular <> boğaz
jugular <> boyun
jugulary <> jugul
jugulate <> önlem
jugulate <> boğma
jugulate <> durdu
juice <> özsu
juice <> benzi
juice <> elekt
juice <> içki
juice <> meyve
juice <> salgı
juice <> su
juiced <> Juice
juicer <> Sıkac
juicers <> Sıkac
juices <> meyve
juicier <> sulud
juiciness <> sulul
juicing <> meyve
juicy <> çekic
juicy <> özlü
juicy <> ağız
juicy <> cıvık
juicy <> ilgin
juicy <> kârlı
juicy <> sulu
jujitsu <> Japon
jujitsu <> jiu-j
jujube <> hünna
jujube <> pasti
jujutsu <> jiu-j
juke <> Juke
jukebox <> müzik
jukebox <> otoma
jukebox <> paral
jukeboxes <> kutul
juku <> Juku
julep <> şurup
julep <> nanel
julienne <> jülye
jumble <> karış
jumble <> karma
jumbo <> çok 
jumbo <> jumbo
jumbo <> kocam
jument <> Jumen
jump <> ürkme
jump <> artış
jump <> atlam
jump <> atlat
jump <> boşal
jump <> eğlen
jump <> fırla
jump <> geri
jump <> hopla
jump <> ilişk
jump <> sıçra
jump <> seviş
jump <> zıpla
jump <> zonkl
jumped <> atlad
jumper <> örgü
jumper <> atlam
jumper <> atlay
jumper <> bebek
jumper <> engel
jumper <> geçic
jumper <> kaya
jumper <> kazak
jumpiness <> ürkek
jumpiness <> korka
jumpiness <> sinir
jumping <> atlam
jumping <> hopla
jumping <> sıçra
jumps <> atlar
jumpstarts <> eder.
jumpsuit <> tulum
jumpsuits <> tulum
jumpy <> ürkek
jumpy <> gergi
jumpy <> heyhe
jumpy <> seste
jumpy <> sinir
jun <> Hazir
junco <> Junco
junction <> bağla
junction <> birle
junction <> dörty
junction <> kavşa
junctional <> kavşa
junctions <> kavşa
juncture <> öneml
juncture <> birle
juncture <> dikiş
juncture <> ek 
juncture <> nazik
junctures <> kavşa
juncus <> Juncu
jungfrau <> Jungf
jungle <> hengâ
jungle <> karış
jungle <> orman
jungle <> sık 
jungled <> sık
jungled <> sık 
jungles <> orman
jungli <> Jungl
junglist <> Jungl
junior <> çocuk
junior <> ast
junior <> birin
junior <> genç
junior <> küçük
junior <> oğul
junior <> yaşça
juniority <> astlı
juniority <> yaşça
juniors <> Gençl
juniper <> ardıç
junipers <> ardıç
junk <> Çin y
junk <> çöp
junk <> çöpe
junk <> ıskar
junk <> ıvır
junk <> atmak
junk <> dökün
junk <> değer
junk <> esrar
junk <> hurda
junk <> uyuşt
junker <> Junke
junkers <> Junke
junket <> alem
junket <> bedav
junket <> yiyip
junket <> yoğur
junket <> ziyaf
junkie <> eroin
junkie <> esrar
junkie <> uyuşt
junkies <> ıvır
junkman <> eskic
junkman <> hurda
junks <> ıvır
junkyard <> hurda
junta <> cunta
junta <> siyas
junta <> yönet
juntas <> Junta
junto <> klik
junto <> siyas
jupe <> JUPE
jupiter <> Jüpit
jupiters <> Jupit
jura <> Jura
jura <> hukuk
jura <> yasal
juras <> Juras
jurat <> beled
jurat <> sulh
jurat <> yemin
juridical <> adli
juridical <> tüzel
juridical <> yargı
juridical <> yasal
juridically <> Hukuk
juried <> Jüril
juries <> jüril
jurisconsult <> hukuk
jurisdiction <> yargı
jurisdiction <> yetki
jurisdictional <> Yargı
jurisdictions <> yargı
jurisprudence <> hukuk
jurist <> hukuk
juristic <> hukuk
juristic <> yasal
juristical <> hukuk
juristical <> yasal
jurists <> hukuk
juror <> jüri
juror <> yemin
jurors <> Jüri
jury <> eğret
jury <> geçic
jury <> jüri
jury <> seçic
jury <> yedek
juryman <> jüri
jurywoman <> jüri
jus <> hak
jus <> hukuk
jussive <> emir
just <> şimdi
just <> adil
just <> az 
just <> berra
just <> dürüs
just <> doğru
just <> haklı
just <> henüz
just <> insaf
just <> iyi
just <> kıl 
just <> makul
just <> mantı
just <> net
just <> sade
just <> sadec
just <> tam
just <> tam 
just <> tek 
just <> yalnı
just <> yerin
just <> yine
justice <> adale
justice <> dürüs
justice <> doğru
justice <> hak
justice <> hakim
justice <> yargı
justiced <> Justi
justices <> yargı
justiceship <> hakim
justiceship <> yargı
justiciable <> yargı
justiciary <> yükse
justiciary <> yargı
justifiability <> haklı
justifiable <> hak 
justifiable <> haklı
justifiable <> mazur
justifiably <> haklı
justification <> gerek
justification <> haklı
justification <> mazer
justification <> savun
justification <> sayfa
justification <> temiz
justifications <> gerek
justificative <> meşru
justificatory <> haklı
justified <> haklı
justifies <> haklı
justify <> aklam
justify <> ayarl
justify <> düzel
justify <> doğru
justify <> hak 
justify <> haklı
justify <> satır
justify <> savun
justifying <> haklı
justinian <> Jüsti
justly <> adila
justly <> adilc
justly <> doğru
justly <> haklı
justness <> adil
justness <> doğru
justness <> haklı
justs <> adill
jut <> çıkın
jut <> çıkma
jute <> Hint
jute <> jüt
jutted <> uzanı
jutting <> çıkık
juvenal <> Juven
juvenescence <> çocuk
juvenescence <> büyüm
juvenescence <> genç
juvenescence <> gençl
juvenescent <> çocuk
juvenescent <> delik
juvenescent <> genç
juvenile <> çocuk
juvenile <> genç
juvenile <> gençl
juveniles <> gençl
juvenilia <> gençl
juvenilia <> sanat
juvenility <> çocuk
juvenility <> gençl
juventude <> Juven
juxtaglomerular <> jukst
juxtapose <> dizme
juxtapose <> sıral
juxtapose <> yan
juxtapose <> yan 
juxtaposed <> yan
juxtaposes <> yan
juxtaposition <> bitiş
juxtaposition <> dizme
juxtaposition <> yan 
juxtapyloric <> jukst
jynx <> Jynx
kabala <> İbran
kabala <> kabal
kabar <> Kabar
kabbala <> İbran
kabbala <> kabal
kabbalah <> Kabal
kabbalistic <> Kabal
kabinett <> Kabin
kabob <> kebap
kabobs <> Kabob
kacheri <> Kache
kaddish <> Kaddi
kades <> Kadeş
kadi <> kadı
kadis <> Kadis
kaf <> KAF
kaffir <> Güney
kaffirs <> altın
kafirs <> Kafir
kaftans <> kafta
kage <> Kage
kagu <> Kagu
kahani <> Kahan
kahuna <> Kahun
kaid <> Kaid
kaies <> Kaies
kaif <> Kaif
kaikai <> Kaika
kail <> kıvır
kaim <> Kaim
kaimakam <> kayma
kainic <> kaini
kainite <> kaini
kainite <> suni
kainosite <> Kayin
kainozoic <> Senoz
kais <> Kais
kaiser <> Kayse
kaiser <> impar
kaiserdom <> Kaise
kaiserin <> Kaise
kaisers <> Kaise
kaka <> Yeni
kakapo <> bayku
kakemono <> ipek
kakemono <> kakem
kalamazoo <> Kalam
kalamkari <> Kalam
kalan <> Kalan
kalashnikovs <> Kalaş
kalathos <> Kalat
kale <> kıvır
kale <> lâhan
kale <> lahan
kale <> mangı
kale <> para
kaleidoscope <> çiçek
kaleidoscope <> kaley
kaleidoscope <> sürek
kaleidoscopic <> sürek
kaleidoscopical <> durma
kalendar <> Kalen
kalends <> Roma
kales <> Kales
kaleyard <> bosta
kaleyard <> sebze
kali <> salik
kalif <> Kalif
kaligenous <> alkal
kalimba <> Kalim
kalinite <> Kalin
kaliophilite <> Kaliy
kalium <> potas
kalki <> Kalki
kallikreins <> kalli
kama <> Kama
kamacite <> Kamas
kamala <> Kamal
kamas <> Kamas
kamerad <> Kamer
kames <> Kames
kamikaze <> intih
kamila <> Kamil
kamis <> Kamis
kampong <> köy
kanaka <> Hawai
kanaka <> Pasif
kanamycin <> kanam
kanas <> Kanas
kanes <> Kanes
kanga <> Kanga
kangaroo <> kangu
kangaroos <> kangu
kangas <> Kanga
kant <> Kant
kantar <> Kanta
kantele <> Kante
kantha <> Kanth
kaolin <> arıki
kaolin <> kaoli
kaoline <> arıki
kaoline <> kaoli
kaolinic <> kaoli
kaolinite <> kaoli
kaolinites <> Kaoli
kaolinitic <> kaoli
kaolinization <> kaoli
kaolins <> kaole
kapelle <> Kapel
kapellmeister <> Kapel
kapok <> yastı
kappa <> Yunan
kappa <> kappa
kaput <> bozuk
kaput <> mahvo
karabiner <> karab
karabiners <> karab
karaka <> Karak
karakas <> Karak
karakul <> Karak
karas <> Karas
karatas <> Karat
karate <> karat
karateka <> karat
karma <> öncek
karma <> kader
karma <> karma
karma <> tâlih
karmic <> karmi
karn <> Karn
karnofsky <> Karno
karoo <> kurak
kaross <> postt
karri <> Karri
karroo <> kurak
karst <> karst
karstic <> karst
karstification <> karst
karstified <> karst
karsts <> karst
kart <> kart
kart <> yarış
kartagener <> Karta
karting <> ufak
karts <> kartl
karyological <> karyo
karyotype <> karyo
karyotyped <> çiftl
karyotypes <> karyo
karyotypic <> karyo
karyotypically <> karyo
karyotyping <> karyo
kas <> kaş
kasba <> Kasba
kasbah <> Kasba
kasha <> Kasha
kasher <> Kaşar
kasolite <> Kazol
kata <> Kata
katabatic <> katab
katabolism <> katab
katamorphism <> Katam
katanas <> Katan
katas <> katal
kates <> Kates
kats <> Kats
katti <> Katti
kauri <> Kauri
kavas <> Kavas
kavass <> kavas
kavya <> Kavya
kaw <> KAW
kayak <> Eskim
kayak <> kürek
kayak <> kano
kayak <> kayık
kayaker <> kanoc
kayaking <> kayak
kayas <> Kayaş
kayle <> Kayle
kayo <> çarpı
kayo <> çarpm
kayo <> şok 
kayo <> afet
kayo <> darbe
kayo <> nakav
kayo <> vurma
kayo <> yere
kayos <> Kayos
kazi <> Kazi
kazoo <> Kazoo
kbars <> kbar
kea <> Yeni
keas <> KEAS
keb <> Keb
kebab <> kebap
kebabs <> kebap
keck <> öğürm
keck <> kusma
ked <> KED
kedge <> tonoz
kedgeree <> balık
keds <> Keds
keef <> Keef
keek <> gizli
keel <> gemi
keel <> omurg
keel <> yapra
keelage <> liman
keeled <> omurg
keeler <> Keele
keelhaul <> azarl
keelhaul <> ceza
keelhaul <> fırça
keelhauled <> Keelh
keeling <> Keeli
keelless <> omurg
keelson <> iç
keelson <> iç 
keen <> öleni
keen <> şahan
keen <> şidde
keen <> ağıt
keen <> büyük
keen <> düşkü
keen <> güçlü
keen <> harik
keen <> heves
keen <> ince
keen <> istek
keen <> keski
keen <> matem
keen <> merak
keen <> sert
keen <> ucuz
keen <> uygun
keen <> zeki
keener <> Keene
keening <> ağıt
keenly <> şidde
keenly <> gayre
keenly <> heves
keenly <> sertç
keenness <> şidde
keenness <> acılı
keenness <> düşkü
keenness <> gayre
keenness <> heves
keenness <> incel
keenness <> keski
keenness <> nezak
keenness <> zekil
keens <> Keens
keep <> alıko
keep <> bakım
keep <> bakma
keep <> bulun
keep <> devam
keep <> durma
keep <> gözku
keep <> geçim
keep <> himay
keep <> iç 
keep <> işlet
keep <> kale
keep <> kalma
keep <> korum
keep <> kutla
keep <> sürdü
keep <> sağla
keep <> temel
keep <> tutma
keep <> uymak
keep <> yiyec
keeped <> taraf
keeper <> bakıc
keeper <> bekçi
keeper <> işlet
keeper <> kalec
keeper <> koruy
keeper <> muhaf
keeper <> sorum
keepers <> onund
keeping <> bakım
keeping <> dayan
keeping <> geçin
keeping <> himay
keeping <> işlet
keeping <> korum
keeping <> nezar
keeping <> uyum
keeps <> tutar
keepsake <> andaç
keepsake <> hatır
kef <> dalgı
kef <> keyif
kefir <> kefir
keg <> fıçı
keg <> varil
keks <> Keks
keld <> Keld
keles <> Keleş
kelim <> Kelim
keloids <> keloi
kelp <> bir 
kelp <> esmer
kelp <> varek
kelpie <> çoban
kelpie <> at 
kelson <> iç
kelson <> iç 
kelt <> Kelt
kelter <> Kelte
kelts <> Kelts
kelvin <> Kelvi
kelvins <> Kelvi
kemp <> kaba
kempe <> Kempe
kemper <> Kempe
kempite <> Kempi
kemps <> Kemps
kempt <> tarak
kempy <> kemp
ken <> bilgi
ken <> bilme
ken <> görüş
ken <> ken
ken <> tanım
kened <> azalm
kennel <> köpek
kennels <> Kulüb
kenner <> Kenne
kennet <> Kenne
kenneth <> Kenne
kenotic <> Kenot
kens <> Kens
kenting <> Kenti
kentucky <> Kentu
kephir <> kefir
kepi <> Frans
kept <> tutul
keratectasia <> kerat
keratectomy <> kerat
keratic <> kerat
keratin <> kerat
keratinases <> Kerat
keratinization <> kerat
keratinized <> kerat
keratinizing <> kerat
keratinocyte <> kerat
keratinocytes <> kerat
keratinophilic <> Kerat
keratinous <> kerat
keratins <> kerat
keratitis <> kerat
keratoconjunctivitis <> kerat
keratoconus <> kerat
keratocyst <> kerat
keratocysts <> kerat
keratocyte <> kerat
keratocytes <> kerat
keratolysis <> kerat
keratolytic <> kerat
keratome <> kerat
keratometer <> Kerat
keratometry <> kerat
keratomycosis <> kerat
keratopathy <> kerat
keratophyre <> kerat
keratoplasty <> kerat
keratoprosthesis <> kerat
keratorefractive <> kerat
keratoses <> kerat
keratosis <> kerat
keratotic <> kerat
keratotomy <> kerat
kerb <> at 
kerb <> fren
kerb <> frenl
kerb <> gem
kerb <> gem 
kerb <> gemle
kerb <> kaldı
kerb <> uzak
kerb <> zapte
kerbs <> Curbs
kerbstones <> kaldı
kercher <> Kerch
kerchief <> atkı
kerchief <> başör
kerchief <> eşarp
kerchief <> fular
kerf <> çenti
kerf <> teste
kerfing <> çenti
kerfuffle <> gerek
kerfuffle <> karış
kerfuffle <> velve
kerl <> Kerl
kermes <> kırmı
kermesite <> Kerme
kermess <> kerme
kermess <> panay
kermess <> yardı
kermis <> kerme
kermis <> panay
kermis <> yardı
kern <> asker
kern <> köylü
kerne <> asker
kerne <> köylü
kernel <> çekir
kernel <> öz
kernel <> tane
kernelled <> badem
kernels <> çekir
kernicterus <> Kemik
kernite <> Kerni
kerns <> Kerns
kerogen <> keroj
kerosene <> gazya
kerosene <> paraf
kerosine <> gazya
kerosine <> paraf
kerplunk <> Kerpl
kerria <> Kerri
kersantite <> kersa
kersey <> yünlü
kerseymere <> kaşmi
kesar <> KESAR
kesh <> KESH
kess <> Kess
kest <> Kest
kestrel <> kerke
keta <> Keta
ketamine <> ketam
ketch <> keç,
ketchup <> ketça
ketoacidosis <> ketoa
ketoconazole <> ketok
ketoglutarate <> ketog
ketone <> keton
ketonemia <> keton
ketones <> keton
ketonic <> keton
ketonuria <> keton
ketoprofen <> Ketop
ketorolac <> ketor
ketosis <> ketoz
ketothiolase <> ketot
ketotic <> ketoz
kets <> Kets
kettle <> çayda
kettle <> ibrik
kettledrum <> büyük
kettles <> ısıtı
kever <> Kever
key <> çözüm
key <> akort
key <> ana
key <> anaht
key <> elekt
key <> girme
key <> kilit
key <> perde
key <> rumuz
key <> tuş
key <> uydur
keyboard <> data
keyboard <> girme
keyboard <> klavy
keyboarder <> klavy
keyboarding <> Klavy
keyboardist <> klavy
keyboardists <> klavy
keyboards <> klavy
keycard <> anaht
keyed <> Kama
keyhole <> anaht
keyhole <> faul
keying <> anaht
keyless <> anaht
keylock <> tuş
keymaker <> çilin
keynote <> açış
keynote <> esas
keynote <> ilke
keynote <> ilkel
keynote <> parti
keynote <> temel
keynote <> vurgu
keynoter <> açış
keynotes <> Konuş
keypad <> klavy
keypads <> tuş
keypress <> tuş
keypresses <> basıl
keypunch <> kart
keys <> tuşla
keystone <> kilit
keystone <> temel
keystones <> taşla
keystoning <> çarpı
keystroke <> tuş
keystrokes <> tuş
keyway <> kama
keyways <> kama
keyword <> Anaht
keywords <> anaht
khadi <> Khadi
khaki <> haki
khalat <> Khala
khalif <> halif
khalifa <> Khali
khalifah <> Halîf
khalifahs <> halîf
khalifas <> Halif
khamsin <> çöl
khamsin <> çöl 
khamsin <> hamsi
khan <> han
khan <> kaan
khan <> kerva
khanate <> hanlı
khanates <> hanlı
khans <> hanla
khanum <> Khanu
kheda <> Kheda
khedive <> Hidiv
khet <> Khet
khilafat <> hilâf
khoja <> Hoca
khor <> Khor
khud <> olust
khutbahs <> OKUNA
kiang <> Tibet
kibble <> kabac
kibbutz <> İsrai
kibbutz <> kibut
kibe <> ayakt
kibe <> topuk
kiblah <> Kıble
kibosh <> saçma
kick <> çifte
kick <> çitme
kick <> bırak
kick <> enerj
kick <> geri
kick <> heyec
kick <> karşı
kick <> sızla
kick <> sertl
kick <> tekle
kick <> tekme
kick <> tepin
kick <> tepme
kick <> vazge
kick <> yakın
kick <> zevk
kickback <> hisse
kickback <> komis
kickback <> pay
kickback <> rüşve
kickback <> ters
kickbacks <> komis
kickball <> Kickb
kickboxer <> Kickb
kickdown <> marşa
kicked <> tekme
kicker <> çifte
kicker <> şikây
kicker <> golcü
kicker <> mızmı
kickers <> likid
kicking <> tekme
kicking <> tepme
kickoff <> başla
kicks <> başla
kickshaw <> çerez
kickshaw <> küçük
kickstart <> Kicks
kickstarting <> Kicks
kickups <> KickU
kid <> çocuk
kid <> şaka
kid <> dalga
kid <> işlet
kid <> küçük
kid <> kandı
kid <> oğlak
kid <> takıl
kid <> ufakl
kid <> yavru
kidder <> Kidde
kidding <> Şaka
kidding <> dalga
kiddle <> dalya
kiddo <> ufakl
kiddush <> Kiddu
kiddy <> çocuk
kiddy <> ufakl
kiddy <> yavru
kidnap <> kaçır
kidnaped <> kaçır
kidnaper <> çocuk
kidnaper <> adam
kidnaping <> çocuk
kidnaping <> adam
kidnaping <> kaçır
kidnapped <> kaçır
kidnapper <> çocuk
kidnapper <> adam
kidnappers <> faill
kidnapping <> çocuk
kidnapping <> adam
kidnapping <> kaçır
kidnappings <> adam
kidnaps <> kaçır
kidney <> böbre
kidney <> ciğer
kidney <> huy
kidney <> tabia
kidneys <> böbre
kids <> çocuk
kier <> Kier
kieselguhr <> Kizel
kieserite <> Kizer
kieve <> Kieve
kike <> Yahud
kikis <> Kikis
kikuyu <> Kikuy
kilderkin <> küçük
kiley <> Kiley
kilims <> kilim
kill <> öldür
kill <> av
kill <> avlam
kill <> cinay
kill <> dindi
kill <> geber
kill <> katle
kill <> kesme
kill <> mahve
kill <> ortad
kill <> söndü
kill <> tahri
kill <> yalan
killdeer <> Killd
killed <> öldür
killer <> çekic
killer <> öldür
killer <> delik
killer <> kasap
killer <> katil
killers <> katil
killing <> çok 
killing <> ölüm
killing <> öldür
killing <> av
killing <> avlam
killing <> cinay
killing <> hayva
killings <> cinay
killjoy <> neşe
kills <> öldür
killy <> Killy
kiln <> fırın
kiln <> kireç
kiln <> tuğla
kilned <> fırın
kilning <> Fırın
kilns <> fırın
kilo <> kilo
kilobars <> kbar'
kilobase <> kilob
kilobits <> kilob
kilobyte <> kilob
kilobytes <> kilob
kilocalories <> kilok
kilogram <> kilog
kilogramme <> kilog
kilogrammes <> kilog
kilograms <> kilog
kilograys <> kilog
kilohertz <> kiloh
kiloliter <> kilol
kilolitre <> kilol
kilolitres <> kilol
kilometer <> kilom
kilometers <> kilom
kilometre <> kilom
kilometres <> kilom
kilometric <> kilom
kilos <> kilo
kilowatt <> kilov
kilowatts <> kW
kilt <> İskoç
kilt <> pli 
kilted <> İskoç
kilted <> plili
kilter <> Eğri
kilts <> Kilts
kimberlites <> kimbe
kimbo <> littl
kimmer <> Kimme
kimmerian <> Kimme
kimmers <> Kimme
kimono <> kimon
kimonos <> kimon
kin <> aile
kin <> akrab
kin <> hısım
kin <> soyda
kinas <> Kınal
kinase <> kinaz
kinases <> kinaz
kind <> çeşit
kind <> aynı
kind <> cins
kind <> hoş
kind <> iyi
kind <> iyi 
kind <> iyili
kind <> müşfi
kind <> nazik
kind <> nitel
kind <> tür
kind <> yardı
kind <> yumuş
kindergarten <> çocuk
kindergarten <> anaok
kindergarten <> kreş
kindergartens <> anaok
kindergartners <> anaok
kindest <> nazik
kindheartedness <> iyi
kindheartedness <> iyi 
kinding <> Kindi
kindle <> alevl
kindle <> ateş
kindle <> canla
kindle <> tutuş
kindle <> uyand
kindle <> yakma
kindle <> yanma
kindled <> tutuş
kindler <> Kindl
kindliness <> şefkâ
kindliness <> iyili
kindliness <> lütuf
kindliness <> nezak
kindling <> çıra
kindling <> ateş
kindly <> şefkâ
kindly <> hoş
kindly <> içten
kindly <> iyi 
kindly <> iyili
kindly <> lütfe
kindly <> nazik
kindly <> yardı
kindly <> yumuş
kindness <> şefkâ
kindness <> iltif
kindness <> iyili
kindness <> lütuf
kindness <> nezak
kindnesses <> iyili
kindred <> akrab
kindred <> benze
kindreds <> akrab
kinds <> türlü
kine <> inekl
kinema <> Kinem
kinematic <> harek
kinematic <> kinem
kinematical <> kinem
kinematically <> kinem
kinematics <> kinem
kines <> Kineş
kinesics <> vücut
kinesis <> Kines
kinesitherapy <> kinez
kinesthetic <> kines
kinesthetically <> kines
kinetic <> harek
kinetic <> kinet
kinetical <> kinet
kinetically <> kinet
kinetics <> kinet
kinetids <> kinet
kinetochores <> kinet
king <> şah
king <> dama
king <> en 
king <> kral
king <> papaz
kingdom <> alem
kingdom <> krali
kingdom <> krall
kingdoms <> krall
kingfish <> Kingf
kingfisher <> emirc
kingfisher <> iskel
kingfisher <> yalıç
kingklip <> Kingk
kingless <> krals
kinglet <> küçük
kinglet <> kralc
kinglike <> kral
kingly <> kral
kingly <> krall
kingmaker <> belir
kingpin <> en
kingpin <> en 
kingpin <> koşum
kingpost <> beko
kings <> krall
kingship <> krall
kingside <> şah
kingsize <> dev
kingsize <> en
kingsize <> en 
kingsmen <> Kings
kingston <> Kings
kingstone <> Kings
kingstons <> Kings
kingwood <> Kingw
kinins <> kinin
kink <> değiş
kink <> dolaş
kink <> garip
kink <> ilgin
kink <> ip 
kink <> kapri
kink <> kramp
kink <> tutul
kinked <> Dirse
kinking <> bükül
kinks <> katla
kinky <> acayi
kinky <> dolaş
kinky <> garip
kinky <> karış
kinky <> müste
kinky <> sapık
kinsfolk <> akrab
kinsfolk <> soy
kinsfolk <> soy 
kinship <> akrab
kinship <> benze
kinship <> yakın
kinsman <> akrab
kinsmen <> akrab
kinswoman <> akrab
kiosk <> büfe
kiosk <> köşk
kiosk <> kulüb
kiosk <> telef
kiosks <> kiosk
kiosque <> büfe
kiosque <> köşk
kiosque <> kulüb
kiosque <> telef
kip <> şeker
kip <> misaf
kip <> pansi
kip <> uyukl
kip <> uyuma
kip <> uzanm
kip <> yatak
kip <> yatma
kip <> yavru
kipper <> açık
kipper <> tütsü
kippers <> çiroz
kipping <> Kippi
kiris <> Kiris
kirk <> kilis
kirkman <> Kirkm
kirkton <> Kirkt
kirn <> Kirn
kirsch <> Kirsc
kirtle <> entar
kisan <> Kisan
kish <> kiraz
kismat <> Kısme
kismet <> kısme
kiss <> öpücü
kiss <> öpme
kiss <> öpmek
kiss <> şeker
kiss <> buse
kiss <> değme
kiss <> dokun
kissability <> Kissa
kissable <> öpülü
kissable <> öpüle
kissed <> öptü
kisser <> ağız
kisser <> surat
kisser <> yüz
kisses <> öpücü
kissing <> öpüşm
kissing <> öpme
kissing <> yakın
kissproof <> silin
kist <> Kist
kists <> Kistl
kit <> alet
kit <> araç
kit <> kiti
kit <> malze
kit <> pılı
kitbag <> alet
kitbag <> asker
kitchen <> mutfa
kitchener <> mutfa
kitchenette <> küçük
kitchenettes <> mutfa
kitchenmaid <> mutfa
kitchens <> mutfa
kitchenware <> mutfa
kite <> çayla
kite <> karşı
kite <> uçak
kite <> uçurt
kiter <> Kiter
kites <> uçurt
kith <> eş
kits <> kitle
kitsch <> ucuz
kittel <> Kitte
kitten <> fingi
kitten <> kedi
kitten <> yavru
kittenish <> cilve
kittenish <> fingi
kittens <> kedi
kitting <> kit
kittiwake <> küçük
kittle <> Kittl
kitty <> kedic
kitty <> ortay
kitty <> pisi
kitty <> pot
kiva <> Kiva
kiver <> Kiver
kiwi <> Yeni
kiwi <> kivi
kiwifruit <> kivi
kiwifruits <> Kivi
kiwis <> kivi
klaprothite <> Klapr
klatsch <> Klats
klaxon <> klaks
klaxon <> korna
klaxons <> Klaxo
kleinite <> Kleyi
klepht <> Yunan
kleptocracy <> Klept
kleptomania <> çalma
kleptomania <> klept
kleptomaniac <> klept
klieg <> proje
klieg <> sinem
klipspringer <> kaya
klondyke <> Klond
klong <> Klong
kloof <> dere
kloof <> vadi
kluge <> Kluge
klutz <> hanta
kluyveromyces <> Kluyv
klystron <> klist
klystron <> yükse
klystrons <> klist
knack <> becer
knack <> işin
knack <> püf
knack <> püf 
knack <> ustal
knacker <> eski
knacker <> sakat
knacker <> yıkma
knackered <> çok 
knackered <> bitki
knackered <> bozuk
knag <> budak
knaggy <> budak
knap <> taş 
knap <> tepec
knapper <> taş
knapper <> taş 
knapsack <> sırt
knapsacks <> arka
knapweed <> mor
knapweed <> mor 
knar <> budak
knave <> üçkâğ
knave <> dolan
knave <> vale
knavery <> üçkâğ
knavery <> dolan
knavish <> üçkâğ
knavish <> hilek
knaw <> olduğ
knead <> masaj
knead <> ovmak
knead <> yoğur
kneaded <> yoğru
kneader <> yoğur
kneaders <> Yoğur
kneading <> yoğur
kneads <> yoğur
knebelite <> Knebe
knee <> dirse
knee <> diz
knee <> diz 
kneecap <> dizka
kneedeep <> Kneed
kneel <> diz
kneel <> diz 
kneeleth <> diz
kneeling <> diz
kneels <> diz
kneepad <> Kneep
knees <> dizle
knell <> ölüm
knell <> cenaz
knell <> matem
knelt <> çalma
knelt <> çan
knelt <> çan 
knelt <> matem
knesset <> Kness
knew <> biliy
knickerbocker <> New
knickerbocker <> New 
knickerbockers <> golf
knickerbockers <> paçal
knickers <> kısa
knickers <> paçal
knicks <> Knick
knife <> arkad
knife <> bıçak
knife <> kesme
knifes <> bıçak
knifing <> bıçak
knight <> şöval
knight <> at
knight <> kendi
knight <> silâh
knightage <> şöval
knighted <> şöval
knighterrant <> Knigh
knighthood <> şöval
knighthood <> ağırb
knightly <> şöval
knights <> şöval
knit <> çatma
knit <> örgü
knit <> örmek
knit <> bağla
knit <> birle
knit <> dokum
knit <> kayna
knitted <> örgü
knitted <> dokum
knitter <> örgü
knitter <> örgüc
knitting <> örgü
knitting <> örme
knitting <> triko
knittings <> örgü
knitwear <> örgü
knitwear <> triko
knive <> arkad
knive <> bıçak
knive <> kesme
knives <> bıçak
knob <> çük
knob <> baş
knob <> boğum
knob <> budak
knob <> kafa
knob <> penis
knob <> tokma
knob <> top
knob <> topuz
knob <> yumru
knobbly <> top 
knobbly <> yumru
knobby <> budak
knobby <> yumru
knobs <> topuz
knock <> çalma
knock <> çarpm
knock <> darbe
knock <> devir
knock <> kapıy
knock <> sertç
knock <> tekle
knock <> vurma
knock <> vuruş
knockabout <> gürül
knockabout <> kaba
knockabout <> sapas
knockdown <> bozya
knockdown <> devir
knockdown <> en 
knockdown <> porta
knockdown <> ucuz
knockdown <> yere
knocked <> devir
knocker <> kapı
knockers <> memel
knocking <> eleşt
knocking <> tıkla
knocking <> tekle
knocking <> vurma
knockout <> çok 
knockout <> afet
knockout <> büyük
knockout <> nakav
knockout <> serse
knockout <> uyuşt
knockout <> yıkıc
knockout <> zarar
knockouts <> Knock
knocks <> darbe
knockup <> tenis
knoll <> tepec
knolls <> Knoll
knop <> Knop
knot <> bağ
knot <> bağla
knot <> boğum
knot <> budak
knot <> düğüm
knot <> dolaş
knot <> fiyon
knot <> gemi
knot <> ilmek
knot <> ilmik
knot <> kanut
knot <> karış
knot <> sorun
knot <> toplu
knot <> yumru
knotgrass <> çoban
knothole <> budak
knotless <> düğüm
knots <> knot
knotted <> çetre
knotted <> budak
knotted <> düğüm
knotted <> karış
knotter <> düğüm
knotting <> düğüm
knotty <> çetre
knotty <> boğum
knotty <> budak
knotty <> düğüm
knotty <> karış
knotty <> zor
knout <> Rus
knout <> Rus 
knout <> knut,
know <> ayırt
know <> başın
know <> biliy
know <> bilme
know <> farke
know <> ilişk
know <> tanım
know <> tatma
knowable <> bilin
knowable <> tanın
knower <> bilen
knowest <> bilir
knoweth <> bilen
knowing <> açıkg
knowing <> akıll
knowing <> alim
knowing <> anlay
knowing <> becer
knowing <> bilen
knowing <> bilgi
knowing <> bilin
knowing <> bilme
knowing <> haber
knowing <> kurna
knowingly <> anlay
knowingly <> bile
knowingly <> bilmi
knowingly <> kaste
knowledgable <> Bilgi
knowledge <> anlam
knowledge <> bilgi
knowledge <> bilim
knowledge <> haber
knowledge <> irfan
knowledge <> malum
knowledge <> tecrü
knowledgeable <> akıll
knowledgeable <> bilgi
knowledgeably <> bilgi
knowledged <> bilgi
knowledges <> bilgi
known <> belli
known <> bilin
known <> tanın
knows <> bilir
knuckle <> bilek
knuckle <> boğum
knuckle <> eklem
knuckle <> parma
knucklebone <> aşık
knucklebone <> ayak
knucklebones <> aşık
knuckleduster <> demir
knuckleduster <> muşta
knucklehead <> kafal
knuckleheads <> Knuck
knuckles <> eklem
knurl <> çenti
knurl <> budak
knurl <> diş
knurl <> diş 
knurl <> tırtı
knurl <> topak
knurl <> yumru
knurled <> Tırtı
knurling <> Tırtı
knut <> Knut
koala <> koala
koalas <> Koala
koan <> Koan
koba <> Koba
kobalt <> Kobal
koban <> Koban
kobold <> Kobol
koel <> Koel
koenenite <> Könen
koettigite <> Kötij
koff <> Koff
kofta <> Kofta
kohinoor <> Kohin
kohl <> sürme
kohlrabi <> yer
kohlrabi <> yer 
kohls <> Kohls
koker <> Köker
kokra <> Kokra
kola <> Kola
kolas <> KOLAS
kolinsky <> Kolin
kolkhoz <> kolho
kombu <> Kombu
kond <> Kond
konk <> Konk
kook <> çılgı
kook <> antik
kook <> ilgin
kookaburra <> ahmak
kookaburra <> eşek
kooky <> çılgı
kooky <> acayi
kooky <> antik
kooky <> ilgin
kop <> Kop
kopeck <> Rus 
kopeck <> ruble
kopek <> Rus 
kopek <> ruble
kopje <> tepec
korai <> Korai
korat <> Korat
kores <> Kores
korfball <> Korfb
korin <> Korin
kork <> Kork
korma <> Korma
korun <> Korun
kosher <> Yahud
kosher <> koshe
kosher <> temiz
koss <> Koss
kossack <> Kossa
kossak <> Kossa
kotow <> el 
kotow <> secde
koumiss <> kımız
kourbash <> kırba
kouros <> Kouro
kouskous <> kusku
kowtow <> el 
kowtow <> secde
kraal <> çitle
kraal <> yerli
krabs <> Krabs
kraft <> Kraft
kraft <> ambal
kraken <> deniz
kram <> Kram
krang <> Krang
krantz <> Krant
kranz <> Kranz
kras <> Kras
krausite <> Krozi
kraut <> Alman
kraut <> kraut
kremersite <> Kreme
kremlin <> Kreml
kremlin <> Rusya
krems <> Krems
krennerite <> Krenn
kreteks <> krete
kreutzer <> Kreut
kreuzer <> Kreuz
krikorian <> Kriko
krill <> krili
krimmer <> kırım
krona <> kronu
krone <> kronu
kronen <> Krone
kroner <> Kronu
krones <> Krone
kronor <> kron
kroon <> Kroon
krypton <> kript
ksars <> Ksars
kuchen <> Kuche
kuda <> Kuda
kudos <> ün
kudos <> şöhre
kudos <> şeref
kudu <> Kudu
kudus <> Kudüs
kue <> Kue
kues <> Kues
kukri <> gurka
kulak <> Rus
kulak <> Rus 
kulak <> topra
kulaks <> kulak
kulan <> Kulan
kumara <> Kumar
kumari <> Kumar
kumaris <> Kumar
kumba <> Kumba
kumiss <> kımız
kunzite <> Kunzi
kurbash <> kırba
kurgans <> kurga
kuri <> Kuri
kuris <> Kuriş
kursaal <> Alman
kurtosis <> basık
kurus <> Kuruş
kutch <> Kutch
kuzu <> Kuzu
kwanza <> Kvanz
kyanite <> diste
kyaw <> Kyaw
kye <> Kye
kyles <> Kaya
kylin <> Kylin
kyphoscoliosis <> kifos
kyphosis <> kifoz
kyphotic <> kifoz
kyte <> Kyte
la <> Los 
la <> la
laager <> araba
laager <> laage
laas <> Laas
lab <> labor
label <> etike
label <> sınıf
label <> uyarı
label <> yafta
labeled <> etike
labeler <> etike
labeling <> etike
labelled <> etike
labeller <> etike
labellers <> etike
labelling <> etike
labels <> etike
labial <> dudak
labialize <> dudak
labiaplasty <> Labia
labile <> değiş
lability <> labil
labiodental <> dişsi
labioscrotal <> ise
labium <> alt
labium <> alt 
labium <> cinse
labor <> çaba
labor <> çalış
labor <> alın
labor <> doğum
labor <> emek
labor <> hizme
labor <> işçi
labor <> işgüc
labor <> lafı
labor <> uğraş
laborant <> Labor
laboratorial <> labor
laboratorian <> labor
laboratories <> labor
laboratory <> labor
labored <> çalış
labored <> çok 
labored <> yoruc
labored <> zahme
laborer <> ırgat
laborer <> amele
laborer <> emekç
laborer <> işçi
laborer <> rençp
laborers <> emekç
laboring <> çalış
laboring <> yoruc
laboring <> zahme
laborious <> çalış
laborious <> çok 
laborious <> yoruc
laborious <> zahme
laboriously <> zahme
labors <> uğraş
labour <> çaba
labour <> çalış
labour <> alın
labour <> doğum
labour <> emek
labour <> hizme
labour <> işçi
labour <> işgüc
labour <> lafı
labour <> uğraş
laboured <> çalış
laboured <> çok 
laboured <> yoruc
laboured <> zahme
labourer <> ırgat
labourer <> amele
labourer <> emekç
labourer <> işçi
labourer <> rençp
labourers <> emekç
labouring <> çalış
labouring <> yoruc
labouring <> zahme
labourious <> çalış
labourious <> çok 
labourious <> yoruc
labourious <> zahme
labours <> uğraş
labra <> Dudak
labrador <> Labra
labradorite <> labra
labradors <> labra
labrets <> Labre
labs <> labor
laburnum <> sarıs
labyrinth <> içind
labyrinth <> içkul
labyrinth <> labir
labyrinthectomy <> labir
labyrinthine <> dolam
labyrinthine <> labir
labyrinthitis <> labir
labyrinths <> labir
lac <> lak
lac <> laka
lac <> yüz 
laccolith <> Lakol
lace <> şerit
lace <> bağ
lace <> bağcı
lace <> bağla
lace <> dante
lace <> içki
lace <> oya
lace <> süsle
laced <> bağcı
laced <> bağlı
laced <> içki
lacerate <> üzmek
lacerate <> kırma
lacerate <> parça
lacerate <> yırtm
lacerate <> yaral
lacerated <> Yırtı
laceration <> kırma
laceration <> kesil
laceration <> yırtı
laceration <> yırtm
laceration <> yaral
lacerations <> laser
lacerta <> Lacer
lacertian <> kerte
lacertidae <> Lacer
lacertilia <> Lacer
laces <> Dante
lacework <> dante
laceworks <> dante
lache <> Lache
lachrymal <> gözya
lachrymation <> ağlam
lachrymation <> gözü
lachrymatory <> gözya
lachrymose <> ağlay
lachrymose <> gözle
lachrymose <> gözya
lachrymose <> sulug
lacing <> bağcı
lacing <> bağla
lacing <> dayak
lacing <> kötek
lacing <> katıl
lacinia <> Alâed
lack <> eksik
lack <> ihtiy
lack <> noksa
lack <> olmam
lack <> yoklu
lack <> yoksu
lackadaisical <> bezgi
lackadaisical <> cansı
lackadaisical <> uyuşu
lacked <> yoksu
lackey <> dalka
lackey <> uşak
lackey <> yalak
lackeys <> uşakl
lacking <> -siz
lacking <> eksik
lackings <> Eksik
lackluster <> cansı
lackluster <> fersi
lackluster <> mat
lacklustre <> cansı
lacklustre <> fersi
lacklustre <> mat
lacks <> yoksu
laconic <> özlü
laconic <> kısa
laconically <> özlü
laconism <> özlü
laconism <> kısa
lacquer <> lake
lacquer <> oje
lacquer <> saç 
lacquer <> verni
lacquered <> lake
lacquering <> cilal
lacquers <> cilal
lacquerware <> lake
lacrimal <> lakri
lacrimalis <> lacri
lacrimation <> lakri
lacrosse <> hokey
lacs <> Lacs
lactalbumin <> Lakta
lactam <> lakta
lactamase <> lakta
lactamases <> lakta
lactams <> lakta
lactase <> lakta
lactate <> lakta
lactate <> lakti
lactate <> süt 
lactated <> Lakta
lactates <> lakta
lactation <> emzir
lactation <> süt 
lactational <> Lakta
lactations <> lakta
lacteal <> süte
lacteal <> sütlü
lactic <> lakti
lactic <> süt
lactide <> lakti
lactiferous <> süt
lactiferous <> süt 
lactobacilli <> lakto
lactococcus <> Lacto
lactoferrin <> lakto
lactogen <> lakto
lactoglobulin <> lakto
lactometer <> lakto
lactone <> lakto
lactones <> lakto
lactoperoxidase <> lakto
lactose <> lakto
lactose <> süt 
lactulose <> laktu
lacuna <> aralı
lacuna <> boşlu
lacuna <> eksik
lacunar <> tekne
lacustrine <> göl
lacustrine <> gölde
lacustrine <> göle
lacy <> dante
lad <> adam
lad <> delik
lad <> erkek
lad <> seyis
ladder <> çorap
ladder <> basam
ladder <> eskit
ladder <> kaçık
ladder <> kaçır
ladder <> kaçma
ladder <> merdi
ladder <> porta
ladders <> merdi
laddie <> delik
laddie <> erkek
laddie <> oğlan
lade <> gemiy
lade <> yükle
laden <> dolu
laden <> yüklü
lader <> Lader
lades <> Lades
ladies <> kadın
ladieswear <> bayan
lading <> yük
lading <> yükle
ladle <> kepçe
ladles <> kepçe
ladron <> Ladro
ladrones <> Ladro
lady <> bayan
lady <> eş
lady <> hanım
lady <> kadın
lady <> leydi
ladybird <> uç 
ladybird <> uğur
ladybirds <> Ladyb
ladybug <> uç 
ladybug <> uğur
ladyfingers <> Ladyf
ladylike <> hanım
ladylike <> kadın
ladylove <> sevgi
ladylove <> sevil
ladyship <> hanım
laer <> Laer
laevorotatory <> Sola
laff <> Laff
lag <> durak
lag <> gecik
lag <> geri
lag <> hüküm
lag <> kazan
lag <> mahku
lag <> tahta
lag <> yalıt
lagan <> batık
lagan <> gemi
lager <> Alman
laggard <> ağır
laggard <> geç 
laggard <> geri
laggard <> tembe
lagged <> gecik
lagger <> Lagge
lagging <> ahşap
lagging <> yalıt
lagoon <> deniz
lagoon <> gölcü
lagoonal <> lagün
lagoons <> lagün
lagophthalmos <> lagof
lags <> gecik
lagune <> Lagun
lagunes <> lagün
laic <> laik
laich <> Laich
laicism <> laikl
laicize <> laikl
laika <> Laika
lair <> ağıl
lair <> haydu
lair <> in
lair <> sığın
lair <> yatac
laird <> topra
laist <> LAist
laitance <> şerbe
laith <> Laith
laity <> mesle
laity <> rahip
lake <> abano
lake <> göl
lake <> koyu
lakebeds <> göl
lakefront <> Lakef
lakeland <> Lakel
lakeport <> Lakep
lakes <> gölle
lakeshore <> Göl
lakeshores <> göl
lakesides <> Lakes
lakh <> yüz
laky <> göl 
laky <> göllü
lallan <> İskoç
lallygag <> serse
lalo <> Lalo
lalopathy <> konuş
lalopathy <> telaf
lam <> dövme
lam <> dayak
lam <> kaçma
lama <> Tibet
lama <> lama
lamas <> lamal
lamasery <> lama
lamb <> Hazre
lamb <> kuzu
lambada <> Lamba
lambaste <> azarl
lambaste <> dövme
lambaste <> fırça
lambaste <> patak
lambdas <> Lambd
lambency <> parla
lambency <> zekâ
lambent <> parla
lamberts <> Lambe
lambing <> kuzul
lambkin <> kuzuc
lamblike <> kuzu
lamblike <> masum
lamblike <> uysal
lambrequin <> kapı
lambrequin <> raf
lambrequin <> raf 
lambs <> kuzu
lambskin <> kuzu
lambskins <> kuzu
lame <> aksak
lame <> eksik
lame <> sakat
lame <> topal
lamed <> Lamed
lamella <> ince
lamella <> lamel
lamella <> pul
lamellae <> lamel
lamellar <> ince
lamellar <> pullu
lamellas <> lamel
lamellate <> ince
lamellate <> pullu
lamellated <> almaz
lamellibranches <> Lamel
lamellibranchiate <> lamel
lamellibranchiates <> lamel
lameness <> aksak
lameness <> eksik
lameness <> sakat
lameness <> topal
lameness <> zaaf
lameness <> zayıf
lament <> ağıt
lament <> ağlam
lament <> acı 
lament <> dövün
lament <> inlem
lament <> matem
lament <> yas
lament <> yas 
lamentable <> ağlan
lamentable <> acı
lamentable <> acına
lamentable <> yürek
lamentation <> ağıt
lamentation <> ağlam
lamentation <> ferya
lamentations <> Yerem
lamented <> ağıt
lamentin <> Lamen
lamenting <> figan
laments <> ağıt
lamers <> Lamer
lamest <> sakat
lameter <> Lamet
lamiaceae <> Lamia
lamina <> pul
lamina <> tabak
lamina <> yapra
lamina <> zar
laminae <> lamin
laminal <> kat 
laminal <> katme
laminal <> tabak
laminar <> kat 
laminar <> katme
laminar <> lamin
laminar <> tabak
laminaria <> Lamin
laminary <> lamin
laminate <> üst 
laminate <> kat 
laminate <> lamin
laminate <> pul 
laminate <> yapra
laminated <> üst 
laminated <> ince
laminated <> kat 
laminated <> katme
laminated <> lamin
laminated <> yapra
laminates <> lamin
laminating <> lamin
lamination <> katma
lamination <> lamin
lamination <> levha
lamination <> yapra
laminations <> lamin
laminator <> lamin
laminators <> lamin
laminectomy <> lamin
lamington <> Lamin
lamivudine <> lamiv
lamm <> Lamm
lammergeier <> kuzuk
lammergeier <> sakal
lammergeyer <> kuzuk
lammergeyer <> sakal
lammers <> Lamme
lamotrigine <> lamot
lamp <> ışık
lamp <> ampul
lamp <> far
lamp <> fener
lamp <> lâmba
lamp <> lamba
lampblack <> lâmba
lampholder <> duyla
lampholders <> lamba
lamplight <> lâmba
lampoon <> hiciv
lampoon <> hicve
lampoon <> taşla
lampoon <> yergi
lampooner <> taşla
lampoonist <> taşla
lamppost <> sokak
lamprey <> bofa
lamprey <> taşem
lampreys <> lampr
lamprophyre <> lampr
lamprophyres <> lampr
lamps <> lamba
lampshade <> abaju
lampshades <> abaju
lampworking <> Alevl
lams <> Kuzul
lanai <> Lanai
lance <> mızra
lance <> neşte
lance <> zıpkı
lanceolate <> mızra
lancer <> kadri
lancer <> mızra
lancers <> Lance
lances <> mızra
lancet <> bistu
lancet <> neşte
lancing <> neşte
land <> çakma
land <> ülke
land <> arazi
land <> arsa
land <> düşme
land <> diyar
land <> indir
land <> kara
land <> karay
land <> kazan
land <> memle
land <> sokma
land <> topra
land <> vatan
land <> vurma
land <> yapma
land <> yenme
land <> yere
landau <> lando
landaulet <> Landa
lande <> Lande
landed <> arazi
landed <> indi
landed <> topra
landers <> Lande
landes <> Lande
landfall <> karan
landfill <> düzen
landfilled <> gömül
landfilling <> depol
landfills <> Düzen
landform <> yerşe
landforms <> yerşe
landgrave <> Alman
landholder <> mülk
landholder <> topra
landholders <> topra
landing <> indir
landing <> iniş
landing <> inme
landing <> iskel
landing <> karay
landing <> sahan
landings <> iniş
landlady <> evsah
landlady <> kiray
landlady <> mülk
landless <> arazi
landless <> topra
landlessness <> topra
landline <> sabit
landlines <> sabit
landlocked <> deniz
landlocked <> kara
landloper <> berdu
landloper <> serse
landlord <> Ev
landlord <> arazi
landlord <> evsah
landlord <> kiray
landlord <> mülk
landlordism <> topra
landlords <> topra
landlubber <> deniz
landlubber <> kara
landman <> Landm
landmark <> işare
landmark <> sınır
landmark <> yön 
landmarks <> yerle
landmass <> kara
landmine <> mayın
landmines <> Kara
landowner <> ağa
landowner <> arazi
landowner <> topra
landowners <> topra
landownership <> Kat
landowning <> topra
landraces <> yerel
lands <> topra
landscape <> bahçe
landscape <> manza
landscape <> peyza
landscaped <> peyza
landscapers <> Lands
landscapes <> manza
landscaping <> peyza
landsknecht <> Lands
landslide <> göçme
landslide <> heyel
landslide <> topra
landslides <> heyel
landslip <> göçme
landslip <> heyel
landslip <> topra
landsman <> deniz
landwaiter <> gümrü
landward <> karay
landwards <> karay
landwehr <> Landw
lane <> şerit
lane <> dar 
lane <> keçi
lane <> kulva
lane <> patik
lane <> rota
lane <> yol 
lanes <> şerit
lang <> lang
lang <> uzun
langley <> Langl
language <> dil
language <> lisan
language <> mesle
languages <> dille
languid <> ağır
languid <> baygı
languid <> cansı
languid <> durgu
languid <> gayre
languid <> halsi
languid <> istek
languid <> süzgü
languid <> tembe
languid <> uyuz
languidly <> bitap
languish <> çürüm
languish <> üzülm
languish <> cansı
languish <> dert
languish <> durgu
languish <> gevşe
languish <> hali
languish <> sürün
languishes <> topla
languishing <> baygı
languishing <> gevşe
languishing <> hali
languishing <> mahzu
languishing <> yavaş
languor <> bitki
languor <> cansı
languor <> durgu
languor <> halsi
languor <> hamlı
languor <> huzur
languor <> sükun
languorous <> başta
languorous <> baygı
languorous <> bitki
languorous <> halsi
languorous <> süzgü
languorous <> tembe
languorous <> yorgu
languorous <> yoruc
lanier <> Lanie
lank <> sırık
lank <> sıska
lank <> uzun
lank <> zayıf
lanky <> ince
lanky <> sırık
lanolin <> lanol
lanoline <> lanol
lantana <> Lanta
lantern <> fanus
lantern <> fener
lanterns <> fener
lanthanide <> lanta
lanthanides <> lanta
lanthanum <> lanta
lanyard <> halat
lanyard <> ip
lanyard <> köste
lanyard <> kordo
lanyards <> Boyun
laocoon <> Laoco
lap <> örtme
lap <> üstün
lap <> üst 
lap <> şapır
lap <> dalga
lap <> dizüs
lap <> dolam
lap <> etap
lap <> etek
lap <> halat
lap <> ip
lap <> köpek
lap <> kat
lap <> kucak
lap <> oburc
lap <> sarma
lap <> tur
lap <> tur 
lap <> yalay
laparoscope <> lapar
laparoscopes <> lapar
laparoscopic <> lapar
laparoscopically <> lapar
laparoscopies <> lapar
laparoscopy <> lapar
laparotomies <> lapar
laparotomy <> lapar
lapel <> klapa
lapel <> yaka
lapful <> kucak
lapidary <> özlü
lapidary <> elmas
lapidary <> kitab
lapidary <> mücev
lapidary <> oymac
lapidary <> taş
lapidary <> taşa
lapidate <> taşla
lapidify <> taşa
lapped <> gömül
lappet <> sarkı
lappet <> sarka
lapping <> alışt
laps <> tur
lapse <> akıp
lapse <> bitme
lapse <> düşme
lapse <> dolma
lapse <> geçme
lapse <> hata
lapse <> kaçma
lapse <> kayma
lapse <> kayta
lapse <> sürçm
lapse <> sapma
lapse <> sona
lapse <> sukut
lapse <> yanıl
lapse <> yanlı
lapse <> zaman
lapses <> ihmal
laptop <> dizüs
laptops <> dizüs
lapwing <> kızku
lar <> ev 
lar <> lar
larboard <> gemin
larboard <> iskel
larcener <> hırsı
larcenist <> hırsı
larceny <> çalma
larceny <> hırsı
larch <> karaç
larch <> melez
lard <> domuz
lard <> süsle
larder <> ambar
larder <> erzak
larder <> kiler
lares <> Lares
large <> büyük
large <> geniş
large <> iri
largely <> çok
largely <> başlı
largely <> bolca
largely <> fazla
largely <> genel
largemouth <> çipur
largeness <> büyük
largeness <> geniş
largeness <> irili
largeness <> yücel
larger <> büyük
largescale <> genis
largess <> büyük
largess <> bağış
largess <> cömer
largesse <> büyük
largesse <> bağış
largesse <> cömer
largest <> büyük
larghetto <> Largh
largish <> büyük
largish <> irice
largo <> largo
largo <> yavaş
largos <> Largo
lari <> lari
lariat <> kemen
laris <> Laris
lark <> şaka
lark <> şey
lark <> acayi
lark <> boş 
lark <> muzip
lark <> saçma
lark <> takıl
lark <> tarla
lark <> toyga
larks <> tarla
larkspur <> hezar
larn <> Larn
larned <> Larne
larrikin <> bitir
larrikin <> serse
larrup <> dövme
larrup <> dayak
larva <> kurtç
larva <> larva
larva <> tırtı
larvae <> larva
larval <> larva
larvas <> kurtl
larvicidal <> larva
larvicide <> larva
laryngeal <> gırtl
laryngectomees <> laren
laryngectomized <> laren
laryngectomy <> laren
larynges <> laren
laryngitis <> gırtl
laryngitis <> laren
laryngocele <> larin
laryngopharyngeal <> larin
laryngoscope <> gırtl
laryngoscope <> laren
laryngoscopes <> larin
laryngoscopic <> larin
laryngoscopies <> larin
laryngoscopy <> larin
laryngospasm <> larin
laryngotracheal <> larin
laryngotracheitis <> larin
laryngotracheobronchitis <> larin
larynx <> gırtl
lasagna <> lazan
lasagne <> lazan
lascar <> Hintl
lascivious <> şehve
lasciviousness <> şehve
laser <> lazer
laserdisc <> lazer
laserdiscs <> Lazer
lasers <> lazer
lash <> çarpm
lash <> azarl
lash <> bağla
lash <> barda
lash <> ip 
lash <> kışkı
lash <> kırba
lash <> kamçı
lash <> kirpi
lashed <> salla
lashes <> Kirpi
lashing <> azar
lashing <> bağla
lashing <> fırça
lashing <> halat
lashing <> kırba
lashing <> palam
lashings <> çoklu
lashings <> bollu
lashkar <> Lashk
lask <> LASK
lass <> kız
lass <> kız 
lasse <> Lasse
lassi <> Lassi
lassie <> kız
lassie <> kız 
lassitude <> bitki
lassitude <> halsi
lassitude <> kesik
lassitude <> yorgu
lasso <> kemen
lassoed <> kemen
last <> ölüm
last <> öncek
last <> ayakk
last <> dayan
last <> devam
last <> en 
last <> geçen
last <> kundu
last <> sürme
last <> son
last <> son 
last <> sonuç
last <> sonun
last <> yetme
lastage <> Lasta
lasting <> dayan
lasting <> devam
lasting <> kalıc
lasting <> sürek
lasting <> sağla
lastingness <> dayan
lastingness <> devam
lastingness <> kalıc
lastingness <> sürek
lastly <> nihay
lastly <> son
lastly <> son 
lasts <> sürer
latakia <> Lazki
latch <> kapı
latch <> manda
latch <> pence
latch <> tuttu
latched <> manda
latches <> manda
latching <> kilit
latchkey <> ön 
latchkey <> kapı
late <> eski
late <> geç
late <> geç 
late <> geçen
late <> gecik
late <> rahme
late <> son
late <> son 
lated <> yonun
lateen <> yakın
lately <> geçen
lately <> son
lately <> son 
laten <> Laten
latencies <> latan
latency <> gecik
latency <> gizli
latency <> henüz
lateness <> geç 
lateness <> gecik
latent <> belir
latent <> gizli
latently <> laten
later <> daha
later <> sonra
lateral <> yan
lateral <> yan 
lateral <> yanal
lateralisation <> later
laterality <> later
lateralization <> later
lateralized <> later
lateralizing <> later
laterally <> yan 
laterally <> yana
laterally <> yanda
laterally <> yanla
laterals <> later
lateran <> Later
laterite <> kırmı
laterites <> later
lateritic <> later
laters <> Sonra
latest <> en 
latest <> son
latests <> Lates
latex <> kauçu
latex <> latek
latexes <> latek
lath <> çıta
lath <> kafes
lath <> lata
lath <> tiriz
lathe <> çömle
lathe <> torna
lather <> dövme
lather <> dayak
lather <> köpük
lather <> köpür
lather <> sabun
lather <> ter
lather <> ter 
lathes <> torna
lathing <> torna
laths <> çıtal
lathwork <> bağda
lathyrism <> latir
lathyrus <> Lathy
latifundios <> Latif
latimer <> Latim
latimeria <> Latim
latinization <> Latin
latinize <> Latin
latinized <> Latin
latino <> Ameri
latino <> latin
lations <> Maddi
latish <> biraz
latish <> geççe
latish <> olduk
latitude <> özgür
latitude <> bölge
latitude <> enlem
latitude <> hoşgö
latitude <> paral
latitude <> serbe
latitude <> toler
latitudes <> enlem
latitudinal <> enlem
latitudinarian <> özgür
latitudinarian <> ileri
latitudinarian <> serbe
latitudinarianism <> özgür
latitudinarianism <> dinde
latitudinarianism <> ileri
latrine <> helâ
latrine <> tuval
latrines <> tuval
latron <> LATRO
lats <> Yanal
latter <> ikinc
latter <> son
latter <> sonra
latterday <> çağda
latterday <> moder
latterly <> bu 
latterly <> son
latterly <> son 
lattice <> çapra
lattice <> kafes
latticed <> kafes
lattices <> kafes
latticework <> kafes
lauch <> Lauch
laud <> övgü
laud <> övme
laud <> övmek
laud <> methe
laud <> methi
laudable <> övgüy
laudable <> takdi
laudanum <> afyon
laudation <> övme
laudatory <> övücü
laudatory <> övgü
lauded <> övgü
lauder <> Laude
lauding <> öven
lauds <> Övgü
lauf <> Lauf
laugh <> gülüş
laugh <> güler
laugh <> gülme
laugh <> kahka
laugh <> komik
laugh <> saçma
laugh <> sevin
laughable <> gülün
laughable <> komik
laughable <> tuhaf
laughed <> güldü
laugher <> Kahka
laughing <> güldü
laughing <> gülen
laughing <> gülme
laughing <> komik
laughing <> neşe
laughingly <> güler
laughingstock <> maska
laughs <> gülüy
laughter <> gülüş
laughter <> gülme
laughter <> kahka
laughters <> gülme
launch <> çıkma
launch <> atmak
launch <> başla
launch <> deniz
launch <> fırla
launch <> giriş
launch <> piyas
launch <> savaş
launched <> başla
launcher <> fırla
launcher <> mancı
launcher <> roket
launcher <> sapan
launchers <> rampa
launches <> başla
launching <> ateşl
launching <> başla
launching <> deniz
launching <> fırla
launching <> giriş
launching <> koyul
launching <> piyas
launching <> yayın
launchings <> Tanıt
launder <> çamaş
launder <> aklam
launder <> yıkam
launder <> yıkan
laundered <> aklan
launderer <> yıkay
launderers <> Yıkam
launderette <> çamaş
launderettes <> çamaş
laundering <> aklam
launders <> yollu
laundress <> çamaş
laundresses <> çamaş
laundrette <> çamaş
laundrettes <> çamaş
laundries <> çamaş
laundromat <> çamaş
laundromat <> laund
laundry <> çamaş
laundrywoman <> çamaş
laureate <> ödül
laureate <> ödüll
laureate <> defne
laureate <> saray
laureates <> Ödülü
laurel <> defne
laureled <> ödül
laureled <> defne
laurelled <> ödül
laurelled <> defne
laurels <> ün
laurels <> şöhre
laurels <> şeref
lauric <> lauri
laurin <> Lauri
laurite <> lauri
laurus <> Lauru
lav <> tuval
lava <> lav
lavage <> lavaj
lavages <> lavaj
lavalier <> yaka
lavaliere <> yaka
lavas <> Lavla
lavash <> Lavaş
lavatories <> tuval
lavatory <> tuval
lave <> yıkam
lavender <> eflât
lavender <> lavan
lavenders <> lavan
lavish <> çok
lavish <> çok 
lavish <> boşa
lavish <> bol
lavish <> müsri
lavish <> savur
lavishes <> cömer
lavishly <> bolca
lavishness <> müsri
lavishness <> savur
lavours <> LAVOU
lavra <> Lavra
law <> dava
law <> hukuk
law <> ilke
law <> kanun
law <> kural
law <> yasa
law <> yasal
lawbreaking <> kanun
lawbreaking <> yasal
lawer <> Lawer
lawers <> Lawer
lawful <> adil
lawful <> kanun
lawful <> meşru
lawful <> yasal
lawfully <> yasal
lawfulness <> yasal
lawgiver <> kanun
lawine <> Lawin
lawless <> kanun
lawless <> yasay
lawless <> yolsu
lawlessness <> kanun
lawlessness <> yolsu
lawmaker <> kanun
lawmaker <> mille
lawmakers <> mille
lawmaking <> yasam
lawman <> Lawma
lawn <> çim
lawn <> çimen
lawn <> patis
lawner <> Çimen
lawnmower <> Lawnm
lawnmowers <> çim
lawns <> çimle
laws <> yasal
lawsonia <> Lawso
lawsonite <> lavso
lawsuit <> dava
lawsuits <> dava
lawyer <> avuka
lawyer <> hukuk
lawyerly <> avuka
lawyers <> avuka
lawyership <> avuka
lax <> belir
lax <> dikka
lax <> gevşe
lax <> umurs
lax <> yumuş
laxation <> gevşe
laxative <> kabız
laxative <> müshi
laxative <> yumuş
laxatives <> laksa
laxity <> belir
laxity <> gevşe
laxity <> ihmal
laxity <> umurs
laxness <> belir
laxness <> gevşe
laxness <> ihmal
laxness <> umurs
lay <> şarkı
lay <> bahse
lay <> dinme
lay <> durum
lay <> hal
lay <> hazır
lay <> ileri
lay <> konum
lay <> koyma
lay <> kurma
lay <> mesle
lay <> mevki
lay <> rahip
lay <> serme
lay <> seviş
lay <> sunma
lay <> türkü
lay <> yükle
lay <> yatma
lay <> yerle
lay <> yumur
layabout <> aylak
layabout <> boş
layabout <> boş 
layabout <> serse
layed <> laid
layer <> döşey
layer <> daldı
layer <> kat
layer <> kat 
layer <> katma
layer <> tabak
layer <> topçu
layer <> yumur
layered <> katma
layering <> katma
layers <> katma
layette <> bebek
laying <> döşem
laying <> sıva
laying <> serme
laying <> yayma
laying <> yumur
layman <> laik
layman <> mesle
layman <> rahip
laymen <> rahip
layoff <> işten
layoffs <> işten
layout <> örtü
layout <> düzen
layout <> kumar
layout <> plan
layouts <> düzen
layover <> konak
lays <> bırak
laywoman <> mesle
laywoman <> rahib
lazar <> cüzza
lazar <> fakir
lazaret <> fakir
lazaret <> gemi
lazaret <> karan
lazaretto <> fakir
lazaretto <> gemi
lazaretto <> karan
lazaroni <> Lazar
lazarus <> Lazar
laze <> tembe
laziest <> tembe
lazily <> tembe
laziness <> miski
laziness <> tembe
lazing <> tembe
lazy <> üşeng
lazy <> ağır
lazy <> hayla
lazy <> miski
lazy <> tembe
lazy <> uyuşu
lazybones <> tembe
lazylegs <> Lazyl
lea <> çayır
lea <> otlak
leach <> süzme
leach <> yıkay
leachable <> salab
leachate <> sızın
leached <> yıkan
leaching <> liç
lead <> öncül
lead <> önde
lead <> önder
lead <> örnek
lead <> açmak
lead <> başı
lead <> başın
lead <> etkil
lead <> götür
lead <> ilk 
lead <> iskan
lead <> kılav
lead <> kablo
lead <> kurşu
lead <> rehbe
lead <> sürdü
lead <> sürme
lead <> yönet
lead <> yönle
lead <> yol 
leaded <> kurşu
leaden <> kurşu
leader <> önaya
leader <> önder
leader <> baş
leader <> başma
leader <> lider
leader <> müşte
leaderboard <> afiş
leaderless <> lider
leaders <> lider
leadership <> önder
leadership <> lider
leaderships <> lider
leading <> önde
leading <> öneml
leading <> ana
leading <> başlı
leading <> ileri
leading <> lider
leadins <> leadi
leads <> yol
leadwort <> dişot
leady <> kurşu
leaf <> folyo
leaf <> kanat
leaf <> sayfa
leaf <> yapra
leafage <> yapra
leafage <> yeşil
leafed <> yapra
leafhopper <> yapra
leafhoppers <> yapra
leafless <> yapra
leaflet <> bileş
leaflet <> broşü
leaflet <> el 
leaflet <> kitap
leaflet <> yapra
leafleting <> el
leaflets <> Broşü
leafs <> yapra
leafy <> yapra
league <> antla
league <> birli
league <> derne
league <> fersa
league <> işbir
league <> küme
league <> lig
leagues <> ligle
leak <> akmak
leak <> kaçak
leak <> sızın
leak <> sızdı
leak <> sızma
leakage <> fire
leakage <> kaçak
leakage <> sızın
leakage <> sızma
leakages <> kaçak
leaked <> sızdı
leaking <> sızın
leakproof <> sızdı
leaks <> sızın
leaky <> sızan
leaky <> sızdı
leal <> Leal
leam <> öğren
leamed <> Öğren
leaming <> öğren
lean <> dayan
lean <> eğili
lean <> eğilm
lean <> fidan
lean <> ince
lean <> kıt
lean <> meyil
lean <> meyle
lean <> verim
lean <> yağsı
lean <> yasla
lean <> zayıf
leaned <> eğild
leaner <> yalın
leaning <> eğik
leaning <> eğili
leaning <> meyil
leaning <> yatık
leanings <> eğili
leanness <> verim
leanness <> zayıf
leans <> eğili
leap <> üzeri
leap <> atılı
leap <> atılm
leap <> atlam
leap <> hopla
leap <> sıçra
leap <> sekme
leap <> zıpla
leaped <> atlad
leapfrog <> birdi
leaping <> sıçra
leaps <> sıçra
leapt <> atlad
leared <> öğren
learing <> ortam
learn <> öğren
learn <> haber
learnability <> öğren
learnable <> öğren
learned <> öğren
learned <> alim
learned <> bilge
learned <> bilgi
learner <> öğren
learner <> acemi
learners <> öğren
learning <> öğren
learning <> bilgi
learning <> bilim
learning <> ilim
learnings <> öğren
learns <> öğren
learnt <> öğren
learnt <> alim
learnt <> bilge
learnt <> bilgi
leary <> Leary
leas <> Leas
leasable <> kiral
lease <> kira
lease <> kiral
leased <> kiral
leasehold <> kiral
leaseholder <> kirac
leaseholders <> konut
leaser <> kiral
leaser <> kiray
leases <> Kiral
leash <> bağla
leash <> birbi
leash <> göğüs
leash <> köpek
leash <> tasma
leashed <> kısıt
leashes <> tasma
leasing <> kiral
leasing <> kiray
leasings <> kiral
leasowe <> Leaso
least <> asgar
least <> en
least <> en 
leastways <> hiç
leastways <> hiç 
leastwise <> herha
leasure <> Leasu
leather <> deri
leather <> futbo
leather <> kösel
leather <> kamçı
leather <> kayış
leather <> meşin
leatherette <> meşin
leatherette <> suni
leathergoods <> Sarac
leatherhead <> Leath
leatherheads <> Leath
leathering <> dayak
leathering <> kayış
leathern <> derid
leatherneck <> deniz
leathers <> Deril
leathers <> deri
leathers <> dizli
leatherwear <> deri
leatherwork <> deric
leatherworking <> Deric
leathery <> kösel
leathery <> kayış
leave <> ayrıl
leave <> bırak
leave <> cayma
leave <> izin
leave <> kalkm
leave <> kalma
leave <> müsaa
leave <> ruhsa
leave <> terke
leave <> unutm
leave <> vazge
leave <> veda
leave <> yola
leaved <> yapra
leaven <> bozma
leaven <> etki
leaven <> etkil
leaven <> hamur
leaven <> maya
leaven <> mayal
leavened <> mayal
leavening <> değiş
leavening <> etkil
leavening <> mayal
leaver <> Leave
leavers <> bırak
leaves <> yapra
leaving <> ayrıl
leaving <> bırak
leaving <> terk
leaving <> terke
leavings <> çöp
leavings <> artık
leavings <> artan
leavings <> kalan
leavy <> Yapra
lebensraum <> Leben
lebkuchen <> Lebku
lech <> şehve
lech <> hırs
lecher <> çapkı
lecher <> şehve
lecher <> zampa
lecherous <> çapkı
lecherous <> şehve
lecherous <> zampa
lecherousness <> şehve
lechery <> çapkı
lechery <> şehve
lechery <> zampa
lecithin <> lesit
lecithinase <> lesit
lecithins <> Lesit
lect <> Öğr
lected <> kontr
lectern <> kürsü
lectern <> rahle
lecterns <> kürsü
lectin <> lekti
lectins <> lekti
lection <> topla
lector <> okuyu
lecture <> öğütl
lecture <> azar
lecture <> azarl
lecture <> ders
lecture <> konfe
lecture <> uyarı
lecture <> uyarm
lecture <> uzun
lectured <> ders
lecturer <> konuş
lecturer <> okutm
lecturers <> öğret
lectures <> dersl
lectureship <> okutm
lecturing <> ders
lederhosen <> Leder
ledge <> çıkın
ledge <> pence
ledger <> üst 
ledger <> ana 
ledger <> defte
ledger <> mezar
ledger <> trave
ledgers <> Defte
ledges <> çıkın
lee <> kuytu
lee <> lee
lee <> rüzgâ
leech <> asala
leech <> dokto
leech <> sülük
leecher <> Yeni
leeches <> sülük
leeching <> kurma
leek <> pıras
leeks <> pıras
leeming <> Leemi
leep <> LEEP
leer <> arzul
leer <> kötü
leer <> yan
leer <> yan 
leere <> Leere
leery <> açıkg
leery <> kurna
leery <> temki
leery <> uyanı
lees <> tortu
leeward <> rüzgâ
leeway <> gecik
leeway <> rüzgâ
leeway <> rahat
leeway <> rotad
leeway <> sürün
leeway <> zaman
lefse <> Lefse
left <> artık
left <> sol
left <> sol 
left <> sola
left <> solda
lefter <> Lefte
lefties <> solcu
leftism <> solcu
leftist <> solcu
leftists <> solcu
leftmost <> en
leftover <> artık
leftover <> artan
leftover <> kalan
leftover <> yemek
leftovers <> artık
leftovers <> artan
leftovers <> kalan
leftovers <> yemek
leftward <> sola
leftwing <> solcu
lefty <> solak
leg <> üçgen
leg <> ayak
leg <> bacak
leg <> but
leg <> etap
leg <> hızlı
leg <> koşma
leg <> raund
legacies <> miras
legacy <> kalıt
legacy <> miras
legal <> adli
legal <> hukuk
legal <> kanun
legal <> resmi
legal <> tüzel
legal <> yasal
legalese <> hukuk
legalisation <> kanun
legalisation <> yasal
legalisations <> tasdi
legalise <> kanun
legalise <> yasal
legalised <> onayl
legalises <> yasal
legalising <> legal
legalism <> kanun
legalism <> yasal
legalist <> kanun
legalistic <> hukuk
legality <> kanun
legality <> yasal
legality <> yasay
legalization <> kanun
legalization <> yasal
legalize <> kanun
legalize <> yasal
legalized <> onayl
legally <> yasal
legate <> elçi
legate <> miras
legate <> papa
legate <> vasiy
legatee <> miras
legation <> elçi
legation <> elçil
legation <> temsi
legator <> miras
legend <> efsan
legend <> kitab
legend <> mit
legend <> yazıt
legendary <> dille
legendary <> efsan
legends <> efsan
legerdemain <> aldat
legerdemain <> el 
legerdemain <> hokka
legge <> Legge
legged <> ayakl
legger <> Paça
leggings <> tozlu
leggins <> Leggi
leggy <> bacak
leggy <> uzun
legibility <> okuna
legible <> okuna
legibly <> okuna
legion <> birli
legion <> kalab
legion <> lejyo
legionaries <> lejyo
legionary <> lejyo
legionellosis <> lejyo
legionnaire <> Onur
legionnaire <> lejyo
legionnaires <> lejyo
legions <> lejyo
legislate <> kanun
legislate <> yasal
legislate <> yasam
legislated <> yasal
legislating <> Yasam
legislation <> kanun
legislation <> mevzu
legislation <> yürür
legislation <> yasam
legislations <> mevzu
legislative <> kanun
legislative <> yasam
legislative <> yasay
legislatively <> yasal
legislator <> kanun
legislator <> mille
legislator <> yasam
legislators <> mille
legislature <> yasam
legislatures <> yasam
legist <> hukuk
legists <> hukuk
legit <> canlı
legit <> meşru
legit <> yasal
legitimacies <> meşru
legitimacy <> haklı
legitimacy <> mantı
legitimacy <> meşru
legitimacy <> soyda
legitimacy <> yasal
legitimacy <> yerin
legitimate <> akla
legitimate <> babas
legitimate <> haklı
legitimate <> mantı
legitimate <> mazur
legitimate <> meşru
legitimate <> onayl
legitimate <> soyda
legitimate <> yasal
legitimate <> yerin
legitimated <> meşru
legitimately <> meşru
legitimates <> meşru
legitimating <> meşru
legitimation <> meşru
legitimation <> onay
legitimation <> onayl
legitimatize <> babas
legitimatize <> haklı
legitimatize <> mazur
legitimatize <> onayl
legitimatize <> tanım
legitimatize <> yasal
legitimise <> babas
legitimise <> haklı
legitimise <> mazur
legitimise <> onayl
legitimise <> tanım
legitimise <> yasal
legitimised <> meşru
legitimises <> meşru
legitimising <> meşru
legitimization <> meşru
legitimize <> babas
legitimize <> haklı
legitimize <> mazur
legitimize <> onayl
legitimize <> tanım
legitimize <> yasal
legitimized <> meşru
legitimizes <> meşru
legitimizing <> meşru
legless <> bacak
legman <> çırak
legman <> ayak
legman <> gazet
legman <> muhab
legroom <> ayak
legs <> bacak
legume <> bakla
legume <> tane
legume <> tohum
legumes <> bakli
leguminosae <> bakla
leguminous <> bakla
legwork <> ayak
lehr <> Lehr
lei <> çelen
leiomyoma <> leiom
leiomyomata <> myoml
leiomyosarcoma <> leiom
leis <> Leis
leisure <> acele
leisure <> boş
leisure <> boş 
leisure <> günde
leisure <> rahat
leisure <> serbe
leisure <> uygun
leisured <> çalış
leisured <> boş 
leisured <> sosye
leisureliness <> acele
leisureliness <> rahat
leisurely <> acele
leisurely <> sakin
leisurely <> yavaş
leisures <> Leisu
leitmotif <> ana 
leitmotif <> nakar
leitmotif <> tema
leitmotiv <> ana
leitmotiv <> ana 
leitmotiv <> nakar
leitmotiv <> tema
leke <> Leke
leks <> Lek
lekythoi <> lekyt
lekythoses <> lekyt
leman <> metre
leme <> Leme
lemma <> baş 
lemma <> başlı
lemma <> başta
lemming <> lemmi
lemming <> yaban
lemmings <> Lemmi
lemniscus <> lemni
lemon <> değer
lemon <> işe 
lemon <> limon
lemonade <> limon
lemongrass <> limon
lemons <> limon
lemony <> limon
lempira <> Lempi
lemur <> Madag
lemur <> maki
lemures <> ölüle
lemures <> ölmüş
lemuria <> Lemur
lemurian <> Lemur
lemurs <> lemur
lenas <> Lenas
lend <> ödünç
lend <> borç
lend <> katkı
lend <> verme
lender <> ödünç
lender <> borç
lenders <> kredi
lending <> ödünç
lending <> borç
lendings <> borçl
lends <> ödünç
lenger <> Lenge
length <> boy
length <> süre
length <> uzunl
lengthen <> sulan
lengthen <> uzama
lengthen <> uzatm
lengthened <> uzatı
lengthening <> uzatm
lengthens <> uzatı
lengthily <> ayrın
lengthily <> uzata
lengthily <> uzun
lengthiness <> lafı
lengthiness <> uzunl
lengths <> uzunl
lengthways <> boylu
lengthways <> uzunl
lengthwise <> boylu
lengthwise <> boyun
lengthwise <> uzunl
lengthy <> çok 
lengthy <> ayrın
lengthy <> uzun
lenience <> hoşgö
lenience <> yumuş
leniency <> hoşgö
leniency <> yumuş
lenient <> hafif
lenient <> hoşgö
lenient <> merha
lenient <> yumuş
leniently <> Yumuş
lens <> adese
lens <> göz 
lens <> gözlü
lens <> lens
lens <> merce
lens <> objek
lense <> merce
lensectomy <> lense
lenses <> lensl
lensing <> merce
lent <> lent
lent <> paska
lenten <> Lente
lentic <> Lenti
lenticels <> gözen
lenticonus <> lenti
lenticular <> merce
lenticulostriate <> lenti
lentigines <> lenti
lentiginous <> lenti
lentil <> merci
lentils <> merci
leones <> Leone
leonine <> aslan
leons <> Leons
leopard <> leopa
leopard <> pars
leopardess <> dişi
leopards <> leopa
leotard <> streç
leotard <> tek
leotard <> tek 
leper <> cüzam
leper <> dışla
lepers <> cüzam
lepidoblastic <> lepid
lepidochelys <> Lepid
lepidocrocite <> lepid
lepidolite <> lepid
lepidoptera <> pulka
lepidopterous <> pulka
leporine <> tavşa
lepra <> Lepra
leprechaun <> İrlan
leprechaun <> cüce
leprechaunism <> Lepre
leprosarium <> cüzam
leprosis <> lepra
leprosy <> cüzam
leprous <> cüzam
lepta <> Lepta
leptine <> lepti
leptinotarsa <> Lepti
leptites <> lepti
leptomeninges <> lepto
leptonic <> lepto
leptons <> lepto
leptotene <> lepto
lesbian <> eşcin
lesbian <> lezbi
lesbian <> sevic
lesbianism <> lezbi
lesbianism <> sevic
lesbians <> lezbi
lesbo <> lezbo
lesion <> bere
lesion <> doku
lesion <> lezyo
lesion <> yara
lesional <> Lezyo
lesioned <> lezyo
lesioning <> lezyo
lesions <> lezyo
less <> çıkar
less <> daha
less <> eksi
less <> eksik
less <> içerm
lessee <> kirac
lessee <> kiral
lessees <> kirac
lessen <> azalm
lessen <> azalt
lessen <> eksil
lessen <> küçük
lessen <> küçül
lessened <> azalt
lessener <> azalt
lessening <> azalt
lessening <> eksil
lessening <> küçül
lessens <> azalt
lesser <> daha
lesser <> küçük
lesson <> ders
lesson <> ibret
lessons <> dersl
lessor <> kiray
lessors <> Kiral
lest <> etmes
lest <> olmas
lest <> olmay
let <> -dürm
let <> -dirm
let <> bırak
let <> engel
let <> ihale
let <> izin
let <> kiray
let <> let
let <> meyda
let <> ses 
let <> tenis
let <> verme
letdown <> alçal
letdown <> azalm
letdown <> hayal
letdown <> irtif
lete <> Lete
lethal <> öldür
lethality <> ölümc
lethargic <> uyku
lethargic <> uyuşu
lethargical <> uyku
lethargical <> uyuşu
lethargy <> letar
lethargy <> rehav
lethargy <> uyuşu
lethargy <> uyukl
lethe <> Unutk
lets <> sağla
lette <> Lette
letter <> başlı
letter <> basma
letter <> belge
letter <> betik
letter <> evrak
letter <> harf
letter <> kitap
letter <> mektu
letterbomb <> Lette
letterbox <> mektu
letterbox <> posta
letterboxed <> þerit
lettercard <> katla
lettered <> aydın
lettered <> harfl
lettered <> okumu
lettered <> okur
letterer <> Lette
letterhead <> antet
letterhead <> mektu
letterheads <> antet
lettering <> harfl
lettering <> hat
lettering <> yazı
lettering <> yazma
letterman <> Lette
lettermen <> Lette
lettern <> Kürsü
letterpress <> kitap
letterpress <> tipo
letters <> edebi
letters <> harfl
letters <> mektu
letters <> yazın
letterweight <> kâğıt
letterweight <> presp
letting <> icar
lettuce <> marul
lettuces <> marul
leu <> leyi
leucaemia <> kan
leucaemia <> kan 
leucaemia <> lösem
leucine <> lösin
leucite <> lösit
leucitic <> lösit
leucocratic <> lökok
leucocyte <> akyuv
leucocyte <> lökos
leucocytes <> lökos
leucocytosis <> lökos
leucoderma <> lökod
leucoma <> korne
leucomas <> lökom
leucopenia <> lökop
leucoplakia <> Lökop
leucosis <> EBL'n
leucovorin <> lökov
leukaemia <> kan 
leukaemia <> lösem
leukaemias <> lösem
leukaemic <> lösem
leukemia <> kan 
leukemia <> lösem
leukemias <> lösem
leukemic <> lösem
leukemogenesis <> lökom
leukocidin <> lökos
leukocyte <> akyuv
leukocyte <> lökos
leukocytes <> lökos
leukocytoclastic <> lökos
leukocytosis <> lökos
leukoderma <> Lökod
leukodystrophies <> lökod
leukodystrophy <> lökod
leukoencephalitis <> Türk
leukoencephalopathy <> lökoe
leukomalacia <> lökom
leukopenia <> lökop
leukoplakia <> lökop
leukotriene <> lökot
leukotrienes <> lökot
leuprolide <> löpro
levamisole <> levam
levant <> borçl
levant <> doğu
levanter <> Levan
levanter <> borçl
levanter <> doğu
levantine <> Avrup
levantine <> Levan
levantine <> tatlı
levantines <> Levan
levation <> Kot
levee <> kabul
levee <> nehir
levee <> resmi
levee <> taşma
levees <> setle
level <> ölçül
level <> akılc
level <> aynı
level <> dürüs
level <> düz
level <> düzeç
level <> düzel
level <> düzey
level <> düzlü
level <> düzle
level <> denge
level <> eşitl
level <> hedef
level <> hiza
level <> makul
level <> mantı
level <> namus
level <> nişan
level <> seviy
level <> su 
level <> yönel
level <> yıkma
level <> yatay
level <> yerle
level <> zemin
leveled <> tesvi
leveler <> eşitl
leveling <> tesvi
levelled <> tesvi
leveller <> eşitl
levellers <> Level
levelling <> tesvi
levels <> düzey
leven <> Leven
lever <> kaldı
lever <> lövye
lever <> maniv
leverage <> baskı
leverage <> kaldı
leverage <> maniv
leveraged <> kaldı
leverages <> güçle
leveraging <> yarar
leveret <> tavşa
levers <> kolla
leves <> lipid
leviable <> tahsi
leviathan <> dev
leviathan <> dev 
leviathan <> su 
levied <> tarh
levies <> harçl
levigate <> düz 
levigate <> toz
levigate <> toz 
levitate <> havad
levitate <> havay
levitation <> havay
levite <> Levi
levite <> Yahud
levites <> Levil
leviticus <> Levil
levity <> ciddi
levity <> düşün
levity <> hoppa
levo <> Levo
levorotatory <> sola
levothyroxine <> levot
levulose <> levül
levy <> artır
levy <> asker
levy <> el 
levy <> haciz
levy <> hacze
levy <> icra
levy <> topla
levy <> vergi
levy <> zorla
lewd <> çapkı
lewd <> açık
lewd <> bayağ
lewd <> iffet
lewdness <> açık
lewdness <> adili
lewdness <> namus
lewis <> demir
lewis <> lewis
lewisite <> leviz
lexemes <> lexem
lexica <> sözcü
lexical <> sözcü
lexical <> sözlü
lexicalization <> kelim
lexicographer <> leksi
lexicographer <> sözlü
lexicographically <> sözlü
lexicography <> sözlü
lexicology <> sözcü
lexicon <> sözlü
lexis <> sözcü
ley <> geçic
leys <> ley
lherzolite <> lerzo
lherzolites <> Lerzo
liabilities <> yüküm
liability <> borç
liability <> eğili
liability <> mesul
liability <> sorum
liability <> yüküm
liable <> duyar
liable <> eğili
liable <> mesul
liable <> muhte
liable <> olası
liable <> sorum
liable <> yüküm
liaise <> birli
liaise <> ilişk
liaising <> irtib
liaison <> bağla
liaison <> ilişk
liaison <> irtib
liaison <> terbi
liaison <> ulama
liaison <> yasak
liaisons <> Liais
liana <> tropi
liane <> Liane
liar <> palav
liar <> yalan
liars <> yalan
libation <> içki
libation <> tanrı
libation <> topra
libel <> davac
libel <> iftir
libel <> karal
libel <> onuru
libel <> yazıl
libelant <> davac
libelee <> daval
libellant <> davac
libelled <> iftir
libellee <> daval
libellous <> iftir
libellous <> karal
libelous <> iftir
libelous <> karal
liber <> ağaç
liberal <> özgür
liberal <> bol
liberal <> cömer
liberal <> genel
liberal <> hür
liberal <> liber
liberal <> olduk
liberal <> serbe
liberalisation <> serbe
liberalise <> liber
liberalise <> serbe
liberalised <> liber
liberalising <> serbe
liberalism <> özgür
liberalism <> liber
liberalist <> özgür
liberalistic <> özgür
liberality <> özgür
liberality <> cömer
liberality <> eli 
liberality <> liber
liberalization <> serbe
liberalize <> liber
liberalize <> serbe
liberalized <> liber
liberalizes <> serbe
liberalizing <> serbe
liberally <> liber
liberals <> liber
liberate <> özgür
liberate <> kurta
liberate <> serbe
liberated <> kurtu
liberates <> salıv
liberating <> özgür
liberation <> açığa
liberation <> azat
liberation <> kurta
liberation <> kurtu
liberation <> serbe
liberationist <> bağım
liberationists <> özgür
liberator <> azat
liberator <> kurta
liberators <> kurta
liberatory <> özgür
liberi <> Liber
libertarian <> özgür
libertarianism <> liber
libertarians <> liber
liberties <> ayrıc
liberties <> dokun
liberties <> hakla
liberties <> imtiy
libertinage <> çapkı
libertinage <> hovar
libertinage <> sefah
libertine <> çapkı
libertine <> ahlak
libertine <> hovar
libertine <> serbe
libertinism <> çapkı
libertinism <> hovar
libertinism <> sefah
liberty <> özgür
liberty <> hürri
liberty <> istik
liberty <> izin
liberty <> saygı
libidinous <> şehve
libidinous <> seks
libido <> cinse
libido <> libid
libra <> Teraz
librairie <> Libra
librarian <> kütüp
librarians <> kütüp
librarianship <> kütüp
libraries <> kütüp
library <> çalış
library <> kütüp
library <> kitap
libras <> Libra
librations <> salın
libretto <> libre
libretto <> opera
librettos <> libre
lice <> Bitle
licence <> özgür
licence <> aşırı
licence <> ehliy
licence <> evlen
licence <> izin
licence <> lisan
licence <> ruhsa
licence <> yetki
licenced <> ehliy
licenced <> imtiy
licenced <> izinl
licenced <> ruhsa
licences <> lisan
licencing <> lisan
licencing <> ruhsa
licensable <> Lisan
license <> özgür
license <> aşırı
license <> ehliy
license <> evlen
license <> izin
license <> lisan
license <> ruhsa
license <> yetki
licensed <> ehliy
licensed <> imtiy
licensed <> izinl
licensed <> ruhsa
licensee <> ayrıc
licensee <> lisan
licensee <> ruhsa
licensees <> lisan
licenser <> ruhsa
licenses <> lisan
licensing <> lisan
licensing <> ruhsa
licensor <> lisan
licensors <> lisan
licensure <> lisan
licentiate <> öğren
licentiate <> atama
licentious <> çapkı
licentious <> hovar
licentious <> seks
licentiousness <> çapkı
licentiousness <> hovar
lich <> Lich
lichen <> liken
lichen <> temri
lichen <> yosun
lichenification <> liken
lichenoid <> liken
lichenology <> Liken
lichenous <> yosun
lichens <> liken
licht <> Licht
lichter <> Licht
lichts <> Licht
licit <> mübâh
licit <> meşru
licit <> yasal
lick <> üstes
lick <> azıcı
lick <> bir 
lick <> dövme
lick <> dayak
lick <> hız
lick <> halle
lick <> tokat
lick <> yalam
lick <> yenme
licked <> yalad
licker <> yalay
lickerish <> ağzın
lickerish <> obur
lickers <> Licke
licking <> dayak
licking <> yalam
licking <> yalay
licking <> yenil
licks <> yalıy
lickspittle <> yağcı
lickspittle <> yalak
lickspittle <> yalta
licorice <> meyan
lid <> gözka
lid <> kapak
lidded <> kapak
lido <> lido
lido <> yüzme
lidocaine <> lidok
lidos <> plajl
lids <> kapak
lie <> durum
lie <> kandı
lie <> konum
lie <> midey
lie <> palav
lie <> uzanm
lie <> yalan
lie <> yasal
lie <> yatış
lie <> yatma
lieberkuhn <> Liebe
lied <> Alman
lied <> yalan
lieder <> Alman
lief <> memnu
lief <> seve
liefer <> daha
liefer <> terci
liege <> dereb
lien <> geçic
lien <> ihtiy
lien <> ipote
liens <> rehin
liers <> Liers
lies <> yalan
lieth <> Lieth
lieu <> yerin
lieutenancy <> teğme
lieutenancy <> yüzba
lieutenant <> üsteğ
lieutenant <> sağ 
lieutenant <> teğme
lieutenant <> vekil
lieutenant <> yüzba
lieutenant <> yardı
lieutenants <> teğme
life <> ömür
life <> can
life <> canlı
life <> hayat
life <> yaşam
lifebelt <> canku
lifebelts <> kemer
lifeblood <> can
lifeblood <> hayat
lifeblood <> yaşam
lifeboat <> canku
lifeboat <> filik
lifeboats <> filik
lifebuoy <> simid
lifebuoys <> can
lifecare <> Lifec
lifecycle <> yaşam
lifecycles <> ömrü
lifeforce <> Lifef
lifeform <> Lifef
lifeforms <> yaşam
lifeguard <> canku
lifeguard <> korum
lifeguards <> canku
lifeless <> ölü
lifeless <> cansı
lifeless <> durgu
lifeless <> sönük
lifelessness <> cansı
lifelike <> canlı
lifelike <> gerçe
lifeline <> canku
lifeline <> dalgı
lifeline <> hayat
lifelines <> kader
lifelong <> ömür
lifer <> ömür
lifer <> müebb
lifes <> can
lifesaver <> canku
lifesavers <> can
lifesaving <> kurta
lifesize <> Lifes
lifespan <> ömrü
lifespans <> ömürl
lifestyle <> yaşam
lifestyles <> yaşam
lifetime <> ömür
lifetime <> hayat
lifetime <> yaşam
lifetimes <> ömürl
lift <> çalma
lift <> araba
lift <> asans
lift <> germe
lift <> haval
lift <> kaldı
lift <> kalkm
lift <> telef
lift <> topra
lift <> yükse
lift <> yürüt
lift <> yardı
lift <> yukar
lifted <> kaldı
lifter <> hırsı
lifter <> halte
lifter <> kaldı
lifter <> vinç
lifter <> yanke
lifters <> yükle
lifting <> germe
lifting <> kaldı
liftoff <> Fırla
lifts <> asans
ligament <> bağ
ligament <> bağdo
ligament <> kiriş
ligamentous <> ligam
ligaments <> ligam
ligands <> ligan
ligase <> ligaz
ligases <> ligaz
ligated <> bağla
ligating <> bağla
ligation <> ligas
ligations <> ligas
ligature <> bağ
ligature <> bağla
ligature <> bir 
ligatures <> bitiş
light <> ışık
light <> ışılt
light <> ışıma
light <> açık
light <> aydın
light <> deniz
light <> denk
light <> fingi
light <> hafif
light <> inmek
light <> kolay
light <> konma
light <> lâmba
light <> neşel
light <> nur
light <> rastl
light <> tasas
light <> umurs
light <> yakma
light <> yanma
light <> yumuş
lightbulb <> ampul
lightbulbs <> İnek
lighted <> Işıkl
lighten <> ışık
lighten <> şimşe
lighten <> açmak
lighten <> aydın
lighten <> hafif
lighten <> parla
lighten <> rahat
lighten <> rengi
lightened <> aydın
lightener <> açıcı
lightening <> aydın
lightening <> hafif
lightens <> aydın
lighter <> çakma
lighter <> mavna
lighter <> salap
lighterage <> mavna
lighterman <> mavna
lighterman <> salap
lighters <> çakma
lightest <> hafif
lightfast <> ışığa
lightfastness <> ışığa
lightfoot <> Yıldı
lightheadedness <> serse
lightheartedness <> gamsı
lighthouse <> deniz
lighthouse <> fener
lighthouses <> fener
lighting <> ışıkl
lighting <> aydın
lighting <> yakma
lightings <> aydın
lightless <> ışıks
lightly <> önems
lightly <> düşün
lightly <> hafif
lightly <> kaygı
lightly <> kolay
lightly <> tatlı
lightman <> Light
lightness <> çabuk
lightness <> önems
lightness <> açıkl
lightness <> atikl
lightness <> hafif
lightness <> keyif
lightness <> neşel
lightning <> çok 
lightning <> şimşe
lightning <> yıldı
lightnings <> şimşe
lightroom <> Light
lights <> ışıkl
lights <> açık
lights <> gözle
lights <> hayva
lightsabers <> ışın
lightship <> fener
lightweight <> önems
lightweight <> hafif
lightweight <> kiloc
lightweight <> yükte
lightyears <> ışıky
ligneous <> odun
ligneous <> oduns
lignes <> Ligne
lignify <> odunl
lignins <> ligni
lignite <> linyi
lignites <> linyi
lignocaine <> lidok
lignocelluloses <> Ligno
lignocellulosic <> ligno
ligure <> Ligur
likable <> hoş
likable <> hoşa
likable <> sempa
likable <> sevim
like <> aynı
like <> beğen
like <> benze
like <> eş
like <> falan
like <> güya
like <> gibi
like <> hoşla
like <> hoşun
like <> istem
like <> olası
like <> sanki
like <> sevme
like <> zevk
likeable <> hoş
likeable <> hoşa
likeable <> sempa
likeable <> sevim
liked <> sevdi
liked <> sevil
likehood <> alana
likeliest <> en
likelihood <> ihtim
likelihood <> olası
likeliness <> ihtim
likely <> büyük
likely <> galib
likely <> inand
likely <> mümkü
likely <> mantı
likely <> muhte
likely <> olası
likely <> uygun
liken <> benze
likened <> benze
likeness <> benze
likeness <> kopya
likeness <> resim
likens <> benze
likes <> beğen
likewise <> aynı
likewise <> ayrıc
likewise <> dahi
likewise <> hem
liking <> beğen
liking <> hoşla
liking <> ilgi
liking <> meyil
liking <> sevme
liking <> zevk
likings <> beğen
lilac <> eflât
lilac <> leyla
lilacs <> leyla
liliaceae <> Zamba
liliaceous <> zamba
lilies <> lilyu
lill <> Lill
lilliput <> Lilli
lilliputian <> cüce
lilliputian <> küçüc
lilliputian <> lilip
lilliputian <> minic
lilt <> harek
lilt <> kıvra
lilt <> oynak
lily <> zamba
limans <> Liman
limas <> Limas
limb <> şube
limb <> bacak
limb <> bent
limb <> kanat
limb <> kol
limb <> uzuv
limb <> yaram
limbeck <> Limbe
limbed <> çakı
limber <> çevik
limber <> esnek
limber <> kıvra
limber <> top 
limbic <> limbi
limbo <> belir
limbo <> cehen
limbo <> muall
limbo <> zinda
limbs <> bacak
lime <> ökse
lime <> ıhlam
lime <> kalsi
lime <> kireç
lime <> lime
lime <> miske
limed <> kireç
limehouse <> Limeh
limekiln <> kireç
limeless <> kireç
limelight <> karpi
limelight <> sahne
limen <> eşik
limerick <> beş
limerick <> beş 
limes <> Limes
limestone <> kalke
limestone <> kireç
limestones <> kalke
limewash <> badan
limey <> İngil
liming <> kireç
limit <> belir
limit <> had
limit <> kısıt
limit <> limit
limit <> sınır
limitating <> KISIT
limitation <> had
limitation <> kısıt
limitation <> sınır
limitation <> tahdi
limitations <> sınır
limitative <> sınır
limited <> ekspr
limited <> kısıt
limited <> kıt
limited <> sınır
limitedly <> kısıt
limitedness <> sınır
limiter <> sınır
limiters <> sınır
limiting <> sınır
limitless <> sınır
limitless <> sayıs
limitless <> sonsu
limitless <> uçsuz
limits <> hudut
limits <> sınır
limmer <> Limme
limn <> çizme
limn <> resme
limn <> resmi
limner <> ressa
limnetic <> tatlı
limnic <> gölse
limnological <> limno
limnology <> gökbi
limo <> limuz
limonene <> limon
limonite <> limon
limousine <> limuz
limousine <> taksi
limousines <> limuz
limp <> aksam
limp <> aksat
limp <> esnek
limp <> gevşe
limp <> hamur
limp <> topal
limp <> yumuş
limped <> topal
limpet <> deniz
limpid <> berra
limpid <> duru
limpidity <> berra
limpidity <> durul
limpidness <> berra
limpidness <> durul
limping <> aksak
limping <> topal
limply <> gevşe
limpness <> gevşe
limpness <> yumuş
lims <> LIMS
limulus <> Limul
limy <> kalke
limy <> kireç
linage <> hiza
linage <> sıra
linage <> satır
linchpin <> öneml
linchpin <> dingi
lind <> Lind
lindane <> linda
linden <> ıhlam
lindens <> Linde
lindy <> Lindy
line <> çizgi
line <> çizme
line <> astar
line <> bilgi
line <> dize
line <> doldu
line <> halat
line <> hat
line <> hiza
line <> işkol
line <> kırış
line <> kablo
line <> kapla
line <> kuyru
line <> sıra
line <> satır
line <> yönte
lineage <> köken
lineage <> nesil
lineage <> sülal
lineage <> soy
lineages <> soy
lineal <> çizgi
lineal <> doğru
lineament <> yüz
lineament <> yüz 
lineaments <> çizgi
linear <> çizgi
linear <> birin
linear <> doğru
linear <> linea
linearising <> doğru
linearities <> linea
linearity <> doğru
linearization <> doğru
linearized <> Linee
linearly <> doğru
lineation <> çizgi
lineations <> linea
linebreaks <> Satır
lined <> çizgi
lined <> astar
lined <> buruş
lined <> dolgu
lined <> kaplı
linefeed <> satır
lineman <> çizgi
lineman <> hat 
lineman <> yan
lineman <> yan 
linen <> çamaş
linen <> bez
linen <> keten
linens <> nevre
liner <> astar
liner <> yolcu
liner <> zıvan
liners <> gömle
lines <> çizgi
linesman <> çizgi
linesman <> hat 
linesman <> yan
linesman <> yan 
lineup <> sanat
linewidth <> çizgi
linga <> Linga
linger <> ayrıl
linger <> can 
linger <> durma
linger <> geçme
linger <> geçmi
linger <> oyala
linger <> uzama
lingered <> oyala
lingerie <> gecel
lingerie <> kadın
lingering <> ayrıl
lingering <> duran
lingering <> kalıc
lingering <> yavaş
lingers <> can
lingle <> Lingl
lingo <> argo
lingo <> dil
lingo <> yaban
lingoes <> Lingo
lingos <> Lingo
lings <> Lings
lingual <> dil 
lingual <> dile
lingual <> dilli
lingually <> lingu
linguini <> lingu
linguist <> dil 
linguist <> dilbi
linguist <> yaban
linguistic <> dilbi
linguistic <> dile
linguistical <> dilbi
linguistically <> dilbi
linguistics <> dilbi
linguists <> dilbi
lingula <> lingu
lingulectomy <> lingu
liniment <> ağrı
liniment <> linim
liniment <> sıvı
lining <> astar
lining <> kapla
linings <> astar
link <> bağ
link <> bağla
link <> birle
link <> eklem
link <> eklen
link <> halka
link <> kol 
link <> meşal
link <> ulama
linkable <> Bağla
linkage <> bağ
linkage <> bağla
linkage <> eklem
linkages <> bağla
linked <> bağım
linked <> ile
linked <> tabi
linkers <> bağla
linking <> bağla
linkman <> Linkm
links <> golf
links <> linkl
links <> sahil
linkup <> bağ
linkup <> bağla
linky <> Linky
linn <> çağla
linn <> şelal
linn <> derin
linn <> gölcü
linne <> Linne
linnet <> keten
linney <> Linne
lino <> muşam
linoleate <> linol
linoleic <> linol
linolenic <> linol
linoleum <> linol
linoleum <> muşam
linseed <> keten
linseeds <> keten
lint <> keten
lint <> pamuk
lint <> tüysü
lintel <> üst 
lintel <> lento
lintels <> lento
linter <> Linte
linty <> tifti
linum <> Linum
liny <> çizgi
liny <> buruş
liny <> kırış
lion <> Aslan
lion <> aslan
lion <> başar
lion <> cesur
lion <> görül
lioness <> dişi
lionize <> ünlü
lionize <> dikka
lions <> aslan
lip <> ağız
lip <> dudak
lip <> küsta
lip <> kenar
lipa <> Lipa
liparite <> lipar
lipase <> lipaz
lipases <> lipaz
lipe <> Lipe
lipectomy <> Lipek
lipemia <> lipem
lipemic <> lipem
lipidic <> lipid
lipids <> lipid
lipoatrophic <> lipoa
lipoatrophies <> lipoa
lipoatrophy <> lipoa
lipocalin <> lipok
lipodystrophies <> yağ
lipodystrophy <> lipod
lipofuscin <> lipof
lipogenesis <> lipog
lipogenic <> lipoj
lipoic <> lipoi
lipolysis <> lipol
lipolytic <> lipol
lipoma <> lipom
lipomas <> lipom
lipomatosis <> lipom
lipomatous <> lipom
lipophil <> Lipof
lipophilic <> lipof
lipopolysaccharide <> lipop
lipopolysaccharides <> lipop
lipoproteins <> lipop
liposarcoma <> lipos
liposoluble <> yağda
liposomal <> lipoz
liposome <> lipoz
liposomes <> lipoz
lipotropic <> capsa
lipoxygenase <> lipok
lipped <> dudak
lippen <> Lippe
lippens <> Lippe
lipper <> Lippe
lips <> dudak
lipstick <> dudak
lipstick <> ruj
lipsticks <> rujla
liquate <> alaşı
liquefacient <> sıvıl
liquefaction <> sıvıl
liquefiable <> eriti
liquefiable <> sıvıl
liquefied <> sıvıl
liquefy <> sıvıl
liquefying <> sıvıl
liquescent <> sıvıl
liqueur <> likör
liqueurs <> likör
liquid <> ıslak
liquid <> akıcı
liquid <> berra
liquid <> likit
liquid <> sıvı
liquid <> sayda
liquidambar <> Liqui
liquidate <> kapat
liquidate <> tasfi
liquidate <> yok 
liquidated <> tasfi
liquidates <> tasfi
liquidating <> tasfi
liquidation <> hesap
liquidation <> kapat
liquidation <> likid
liquidation <> paray
liquidation <> tasfi
liquidations <> tasfi
liquidator <> likid
liquidator <> tasfi
liquidators <> tasfi
liquidity <> akıcı
liquidity <> cari
liquidity <> likid
liquidity <> nakit
liquidity <> sıvıl
liquids <> Sıvıl
liquidus <> Liqui
liquified <> sıvıl
liquor <> çözel
liquor <> içki
liquor <> salgı
liquor <> sert
liquorice <> meyan
liquors <> likör
lira <> lira
liras <> lira
lire <> liret
lisbon <> Lizbo
lisle <> Lisle
lisp <> pelte
lisp <> telaf
lisp <> yanlı
liss <> Liss
lissencephaly <> lizen
lisses <> LISSE
lissom <> çabuk
lissom <> çevik
lissom <> atik
lissom <> kıvra
lissome <> çabuk
lissome <> çevik
lissome <> atik
lissome <> kıvra
list <> cetve
list <> gemin
list <> kayde
list <> kumaş
list <> liste
list <> yana
listable <> liste
listboxes <> liste
listed <> kayıt
listed <> kayde
listed <> liste
listel <> Liste
listen <> baksa
listen <> dinle
listen <> kulak
listenable <> Liste
listened <> dinle
listener <> dinle
listeners <> dinle
listenership <> dinle
listening <> dinle
listening <> müzik
listenings <> dinle
listens <> dinle
lister <> Liste
listers <> ağırl
listing <> liste
listings <> liste
listless <> cansı
listless <> dikka
listless <> gevşe
listless <> ilgis
listless <> kayıt
listlessly <> ilgis
listlessly <> umurs
listlessness <> ilgis
listlessness <> umurs
lists <> er 
lists <> liste
lists <> parma
lists <> yarış
lit <> küfel
lit <> sarho
lit <> yaktı
litany <> ayin
litany <> duala
liter <> litre
literacies <> okur
literacy <> edebi
literacy <> okur
literacy <> yazın
literal <> abart
literal <> aslın
literal <> basım
literal <> gerçe
literal <> kelim
literal <> tam
literalism <> aslın
literalism <> gerçe
literality <> gerçe
literally <> harfi
literalness <> aslın
literalness <> gerçe
literals <> değiş
literary <> edebi
literary <> konuş
literary <> yazın
literate <> çok 
literate <> aydın
literate <> edebi
literate <> okumu
literate <> okur
literate <> yazın
literates <> okur
literati <> aydın
literati <> edebi
literatim <> harfi
literatim <> kelim
literature <> edebi
literature <> liter
literature <> yazıl
literature <> yazın
literatures <> edebi
liters <> litre
lites <> dalı
lith <> Lith
litharenite <> litar
lithe <> esnek
lithe <> kıvra
litheness <> esnek
litheness <> kıvra
lithia <> Lithi
lithiasis <> siste
lithic <> litik
lithium <> lityu
litho <> lito
lithochromatic <> rengâ
lithochromatic <> renkl
lithoclast <> litok
lithofacies <> litof
lithogenic <> litoj
lithograph <> litog
lithograph <> taşba
lithographed <> Baskı
lithographer <> litog
lithographer <> taşba
lithographers <> Litho
lithographic <> taşba
lithographs <> taşba
lithography <> litog
lithography <> taşba
lithologic <> litol
lithological <> litol
lithologically <> litol
lithologies <> litol
lithology <> litol
lithophile <> litof
lithos <> Litho
lithosphere <> litos
lithospheres <> litos
lithospheric <> litos
lithotomy <> litot
lithotripsy <> litot
lithotripter <> litot
lithotriptor <> litot
lithotriptors <> litot
lithotype <> litot
litigant <> davac
litigate <> dava
litigate <> mahke
litigation <> dava
litigations <> Dava
litigious <> dava
litigious <> kavga
litmus <> turnu
litre <> litre
litres <> litre
litter <> çöp
litter <> bir 
litter <> dökün
litter <> dağın
litter <> dağıt
litter <> hayva
litter <> karış
litter <> kedi
litter <> sedye
litter <> tahtı
litter <> talaş
litter <> yavru
litterateur <> edip
littered <> saçıl
littering <> çöp
litters <> ibrel
little <> adi
little <> azıcı
little <> az
little <> az 
little <> bayağ
little <> dar 
little <> hemen
little <> küçük
little <> ufak
littleness <> önems
littleness <> azlık
littleness <> küçük
littleness <> yeter
littles <> Littl
littlest <> Littl
littoral <> kıyı
littoral <> kıyıs
littoral <> kıyıy
littoral <> sahil
liturgic <> ayinl
liturgic <> komün
liturgical <> ayinl
liturgical <> komün
liturgies <> ayinl
liturgy <> aşai
liturgy <> cemaa
liturgy <> komün
livability <> yaşan
livable <> çekil
livable <> oturu
livable <> yaşan
live <> canlı
live <> diri
live <> elekt
live <> günce
live <> harek
live <> hayat
live <> nakle
live <> oturm
live <> parla
live <> sönme
live <> yaşam
live <> yaşay
live <> yanma
liveability <> yaşan
liveable <> yaşan
lived <> yaşam
livelier <> canlı
liveliest <> canlı
livelihood <> geçim
livelihoods <> geçim
liveliness <> canlı
liveliness <> parla
livelong <> boyun
livelong <> livel
lively <> canlı
lively <> eğlen
lively <> enerj
lively <> hayat
lively <> heyec
lively <> neşel
lively <> parla
liven <> canla
liven <> neşel
livens <> canla
liver <> ciğer
liver <> karac
liveried <> ünifo
liverish <> huysu
liverish <> sinir
livers <> karac
liverwort <> kızıl
liverwort <> koyun
liverworts <> kızıl
liverwurst <> ciğer
livery <> ünifo
livery <> kıyaf
livery <> kiral
livery <> uşak
livery <> yem 
liveryman <> esnaf
liverymen <> Hizme
lives <> yaşıy
livestock <> çiftl
livestock <> böcek
livestock <> haşar
livestock <> hayva
livestocks <> hayva
livid <> kurşu
livid <> morar
livid <> mosmo
lividity <> grili
lividity <> morlu
lividness <> grili
lividness <> morlu
living <> canlı
living <> günce
living <> geçim
living <> hayat
living <> oturm
living <> papaz
living <> sağ
living <> yaşam
living <> yaşay
livingroom <> salon
livingrooms <> Salon
livings <> canlı
lixiviate <> yıkay
lizard <> kerte
lizards <> kerte
llama <> lama
llamas <> Llama
llanos <> Llano
lo <> bak
lo <> işte
loach <> çopra
loaches <> balık
load <> çok 
load <> şarj
load <> doldu
load <> katma
load <> sıkın
load <> sıkma
load <> sorum
load <> yük
load <> yük 
load <> yükle
loadable <> yükle
loadbearing <> Taşıy
loaded <> doldu
loaded <> dolu
loaded <> paral
loaded <> sarho
loaded <> yüklü
loader <> doldu
loader <> pohpo
loader <> yükle
loader <> yağcı
loaders <> yükle
loading <> doldu
loading <> film
loading <> yük
loading <> yükle
loadings <> yükle
loadmaster <> yükle
loads <> yükle
loadstar <> Çoban
loadstar <> Kutup
loadstone <> çekic
loadstone <> mıkna
loaf <> akıl
loaf <> aylak
loaf <> başıb
loaf <> beyin
loaf <> ekmek
loaf <> kayta
loaf <> somun
loafer <> aylak
loafer <> boş 
loafer <> işsiz
loafer <> mokas
loafers <> mokas
loafs <> somun
loam <> berek
loam <> verim
loamy <> özlü
loamy <> verim
loan <> ödünç
loan <> borç
loan <> borçl
loanable <> borç
loaned <> ödünç
loaner <> Ödünç
loans <> kredi
loanshark <> Tecrü
loanword <> yaban
loanwords <> ayrım
loath <> gönül
loath <> istek
loathe <> iğren
loathe <> nefre
loathe <> tiksi
loathed <> nefre
loathing <> iğren
loathing <> nefre
loathingly <> iğren
loathingly <> nefre
loathsome <> iğren
loathsome <> müste
loathsome <> nefre
loathsome <> tiksi
loathsomeness <> iğren
loaves <> somun
lob <> hanta
lob <> havay
lob <> lob
lob <> topu
lobar <> lober
lobate <> loblu
lobbed <> loblu
lobber <> Lobbe
lobbied <> kulis
lobbies <> lobil
lobbing <> defan
lobby <> görüş
lobby <> hol
lobby <> kulis
lobby <> lobi
lobbying <> lobi
lobbyist <> lobic
lobbyists <> lobic
lobe <> lop
lobe <> meme
lobectomies <> lobek
lobectomy <> lobek
lobed <> loplu
lobes <> lobla
lobi <> Lobi
lobos <> Lobos
lobotomy <> Lobot
lobs <> LOB'l
lobster <> ıstak
lobster <> böcek
lobsters <> ıstak
lobular <> lobül
lobulated <> lobül
lobulation <> lobül
lobule <> lobül
lobule <> lopçu
lobules <> lobül
local <> şehir
local <> bölge
local <> ekspr
local <> kısmi
local <> lokal
local <> sakin
local <> yöre
local <> yerel
local <> yerli
locale <> mahal
locale <> olay
locale <> yer
locale <> yerel
locales <> yerel
localisation <> sınır
localisation <> yerel
localisation <> yerin
localisations <> lokal
localise <> sınır
localise <> yerel
localise <> yerin
localised <> lokal
localises <> lokal
localising <> lokal
localism <> şive
localism <> yörey
localism <> yerli
localities <> yerle
locality <> civar
locality <> mekân
locality <> semt
locality <> yer
localization <> sınır
localization <> yerel
localization <> yerin
localizations <> lokal
localize <> sınır
localize <> yerel
localize <> yerin
localized <> lokal
localizer <> Local
localizes <> lokal
localizing <> yerel
locally <> bölge
locally <> lokal
locally <> mahal
locals <> yerli
locate <> bulun
locate <> oturm
locate <> yerin
locate <> yerle
located <> bulun
locater <> buluc
locates <> bulur
locating <> bulma
location <> konum
location <> mevki
location <> stüdy
location <> yer
location <> yer 
location <> yerle
locational <> konum
locations <> Yerle
locative <> ismin
locative <> kalma
locative <> lokat
locative <> yer 
locators <> bulma
loch <> göl
loch <> körfe
loch <> koy
lochan <> Locha
loches <> LOCHE
lochs <> Lochs
loci <> lokus
loci <> mahal
lock <> bağla
lock <> birbi
lock <> bloke
lock <> boyun
lock <> bukle
lock <> durdu
lock <> kıvır
lock <> kanal
lock <> kilit
lock <> lüle
lock <> takıl
lockable <> kilit
lockage <> kanal
locked <> birbi
locked <> kenet
locked <> kilit
locked <> sıkış
locker <> kilit
locker <> malze
locker <> soyun
lockers <> dolap
locket <> madal
lockhead <> Lockh
locking <> kilit
lockjaw <> kazık
lockjaw <> tetan
locknut <> kilit
locknuts <> kilit
lockout <> lokav
lockout <> toplu
lockouts <> lokav
lockpick <> Lockp
locks <> kilit
locksmith <> çilin
locksmith <> kilit
locksmithing <> kilit
locksmiths <> anaht
lockstitched <> inter
lockup <> tıkan
lockups <> kilit
loco <> deli
loco <> kaçık
loco <> lokom
locomotion <> gezi
locomotion <> gezme
locomotion <> harek
locomotive <> harek
locomotive <> lokom
locomotives <> lokom
locomotor <> lokom
locomotors <> lokom
locoregional <> lokor
locos <> loko
locum <> vekil
locus <> gezen
locus <> locus
locus <> mahal
locus <> yer
locust <> çekir
locust <> akasy
locust <> harnu
locust <> keçib
locusts <> çekir
locution <> deyim
locution <> ifade
locution <> tabir
locution <> terim
lode <> maden
lodestar <> Çoban
lodestar <> Kutup
lodestar <> yol 
lodestone <> çekic
lodestone <> mıkna
lodge <> arzet
lodge <> bildi
lodge <> kızıl
lodge <> kirac
lodge <> kulüb
lodge <> loca
lodge <> merke
lodge <> misaf
lodge <> oturm
lodge <> para
lodge <> sapla
lodge <> sunma
lodge <> vurma
lodge <> yatıy
lodged <> tesli
lodgement <> arzet
lodgement <> bildi
lodgement <> para
lodgement <> sunma
lodgement <> verme
lodgement <> yerle
lodger <> misaf
lodger <> pansi
lodgers <> kirac
lodges <> zâviy
lodging <> iskân
lodging <> kalac
lodging <> kiral
lodging <> pansi
lodgings <> pansi
lodgment <> arzet
lodgment <> bildi
lodgment <> para
lodgment <> sunma
lodgment <> verme
lodgment <> yerle
loess <> killi
loess <> lös
loft <> çatı
loft <> güver
loft <> tavan
loft <> topu
lofter <> golf
loftiness <> azame
loftiness <> kibir
loftiness <> yücel
loftiness <> yükse
lofty <> azame
lofty <> kibir
lofty <> mağru
lofty <> ulvi
lofty <> yüce
lofty <> yükse
log <> gemi
log <> kütük
log <> log
log <> logar
log <> mesaf
log <> parak
log <> seyir
log <> tomru
logarithm <> logar
logarithmic <> logar
logarithmical <> logar
logarithmically <> logar
logarithms <> logar
logbook <> kütük
logbook <> ruhsa
logbook <> seyir
logbooks <> seyir
loges <> Loges
logged <> Giriş
loggerhead <> Caret
loggerheads <> kavga
loggers <> kayde
loggia <> kemer
loggia <> sundu
logging <> günlü
loggings <> logla
logic <> mantı
logical <> makul
logical <> mantı
logical <> tutar
logically <> mantı
logicalness <> mantı
logician <> mantı
logicians <> mantı
logicism <> mantı
logics <> mantı
logie <> Logie
login <> giriş
logins <> giriş
logistic <> biçim
logistic <> lojis
logistical <> Lojis
logistically <> lojis
logistician <> lojis
logisticians <> lojis
logistics <> lojis
logo <> işare
logo <> logo
logo <> ticar
logoff <> kapat
logoffs <> oturu
logogram <> logog
logogram <> sözcü
logoi <> Logoi
logon <> oturu
logons <> oturu
logos <> logol
logotype <> işare
logotype <> logo
logotype <> ticar
logotypes <> Logot
logroll <> arka
logroll <> birbi
logroll <> deste
logrolling <> arka
logrolling <> birbi
logrolling <> deste
logs <> günlü
logue <> Logue
logues <> Logue
logwood <> bakka
loin <> bel
loin <> filet
loincloth <> peşta
loins <> bel
loins <> kuşak
loins <> nesil
loins <> rahim
loir <> Loir
loiter <> oyala
loiter <> sürtm
loiter <> salla
loiterer <> aylak
loiterer <> boş 
loke <> Loke
loligo <> Lolig
lolium <> Loliu
loll <> ağzın
loll <> tembe
loll <> uzanm
loll <> yayıl
lollipop <> öğren
lollipop <> lolip
lollipop <> saplı
lollipops <> Lolip
lollop <> ayağı
lollop <> istek
lolly <> lolip
lome <> Lome
lomein <> Lomei
lond <> Lond
london <> Londr
londons <> Londr
lone <> kimse
lone <> tek
lone <> yalnı
loneliest <> yalnı
lonelily <> Lonel
loneliness <> yalnı
lonelinesses <> yalnı
lonely <> yalnı
lonely <> yapay
loner <> yalnı
lones <> Lones
lonesome <> yalnı
lonesome <> yapay
long <> çokta
long <> özlem
long <> arzu
long <> büyük
long <> can 
long <> epeyd
long <> gözle
long <> hasre
long <> istem
long <> susam
long <> uzun
long <> uzunl
longboat <> şalop
longboat <> büyük
longbow <> uzun
longe <> at 
longe <> kemen
longed <> özlem
longer <> uzun
longeron <> lonje
longest <> uzun
longevity <> uzun
longevous <> uzun
longfellow <> Longf
longhair <> Longh
longhand <> el
longhand <> el 
longheaded <> akıll
longheaded <> ileri
longheaded <> sağdu
longheaded <> zeki
longhorn <> longh
longhorn <> uzun
longhorns <> Longh
longhouse <> Longh
longing <> özlem
longing <> arzu
longing <> arzul
longing <> can 
longing <> hasre
longing <> susam
longingly <> özlem
longings <> özlem
longish <> uzunc
longitude <> boyla
longitudes <> boyla
longitudinal <> boyla
longitudinal <> uzunl
longitudinally <> boyda
longitudinally <> boyun
longitudinally <> uzunl
longjump <> Longj
longline <> parak
longs <> paçal
longshanks <> Longs
longshore <> kıyı
longshoreman <> dok
longshoreman <> dok 
longshot <> Longs
longshots <> Sert
longstanding <> uzun
longterm <> uzun
longtime <> uzun
longueur <> uzun
longwall <> Uzuna
lonicera <> LONIC
loo <> helâ
loo <> tuval
loob <> Loob
looby <> Looby
loofa <> lif
loofa <> lif 
loofah <> lif
loofah <> lif 
look <> ümit
look <> bakış
look <> bakın
look <> bakma
look <> görün
look <> göste
look <> nazar
look <> ummak
look <> yüz 
looked <> baktı
looker <> güzel
looking <> arıyo
lookings <> görün
lookism <> fizik
lookout <> ümit
lookout <> bekle
lookout <> gözcü
lookout <> gözet
lookout <> kolla
lookout <> manza
lookout <> sorun
looks <> görün
lookup <> arama
lookups <> arama
loom <> belli
loom <> dokum
loom <> karal
loomed <> görül
looming <> başgö
looms <> tezga
loon <> ahmak
loon <> dalgı
loon <> işe 
loon <> tembe
loons <> Loons
loony <> akıl
loony <> deli
loony <> kaçık
loop <> döngü
loop <> dönme
loop <> düğüm
loop <> ilik
loop <> ilikl
loop <> ilmek
loop <> ilmik
loop <> kavis
loop <> spira
loop <> takla
looped <> ilmek
looper <> lüper
loophole <> açık
loophole <> gözet
loophole <> kaçam
loophole <> mazga
loopholed <> mazga
loopholes <> boşlu
looping <> loop
loops <> döngü
loord <> Loord
loos <> Loos
loose <> üstün
loose <> açık
loose <> ahlak
loose <> ateş
loose <> ateşl
loose <> atmak
loose <> bağla
loose <> bol
loose <> gevşe
loose <> hafif
loose <> kabac
loose <> oynak
loose <> salıv
loose <> serbe
loose <> yarım
loosed <> boşan
looseleaf <> sayfa
loosely <> gevşe
loosen <> çözül
loosen <> çözme
loosen <> açılm
loosen <> açmak
loosen <> gevşe
loosen <> söktü
loosen <> yumuş
loosened <> gevşe
loosener <> Gevşe
looseness <> bollu
looseness <> düzen
looseness <> gevşe
looseness <> hafif
looseness <> hoppa
looseness <> ishal
looseness <> karar
looseness <> serbe
loosening <> gevşe
loosens <> gevşe
looser <> gevşe
looses <> kaybe
loot <> ganim
loot <> kanun
loot <> talan
loot <> vurgu
loot <> yağma
looted <> yağma
looter <> çapul
looter <> vurgu
looter <> yağma
looters <> yağma
looting <> yağma
lootings <> yağma
loots <> Loots
lop <> asılı
lop <> budam
lop <> kesip
lop <> kesme
lop <> sarkı
lop <> sarkm
lope <> uzun
loperamide <> Loper
lophophora <> Lopho
lopped <> budan
lopper <> çift
loppers <> çift
lopsided <> aksak
lopsided <> denge
lopsided <> eğilm
lopsided <> orans
lopsided <> yana
loquacious <> dilli
loquacious <> gevez
loquacious <> konuş
loquaciousness <> gevez
loquaciousness <> konuş
loquacity <> ağız
loquacity <> gevez
loquacity <> konuş
loquat <> Malta
loquat <> yenid
loquats <> yenid
loran <> Loran
lord <> bey
lord <> beyef
lord <> efend
lord <> lord
lord <> sahip
lordless <> sahip
lordliness <> azame
lordliness <> gurur
lordliness <> kibir
lordling <> küçük
lordly <> amira
lordly <> asil
lordly <> azame
lordly <> kibir
lordly <> muhte
lordosis <> omurg
lordotic <> lordo
lords <> lordl
lordship <> üstün
lordship <> lordl
lordy <> Lordy
lore <> bilgi
lore <> ilim
lore <> irfan
loreal <> Lorea
lores <> Lores
lorgnette <> opera
lorgnette <> saplı
lorikeet <> lori
lorimer <> Lorim
loring <> Lorin
loriot <> Lorio
loris <> Loris
lorn <> Lorn
lorrie <> Lorri
lorries <> Kamyo
lorry <> kamyo
lory <> Güney
lory <> kırmı
lose <> azıtm
lose <> geri
lose <> heba
lose <> kaçır
lose <> kaybe
lose <> kaybo
lose <> mahru
loser <> başar
loser <> kaybe
loser <> mağlu
losers <> kaybe
loses <> kaybe
losing <> kaybe
losing <> kazan
loss <> kayıp
loss <> zarar
loss <> zayi
losses <> kayıp
lossless <> kayıp
lossy <> kayıp
lost <> şaşır
lost <> düşün
lost <> dalgı
lost <> kayıp
lost <> kaybe
lost <> kaybo
lost <> kendi
lost <> mahvo
losts <> kayıp
lot <> çok
lot <> arsa
lot <> bölüş
lot <> bir 
lot <> hisse
lot <> kısme
lot <> kader
lot <> kura
lot <> nasip
lot <> taksi
lota <> Lota
loth <> istek
lothario <> çapkı
lothario <> başta
lothario <> sefih
lothe <> Lothe
lother <> Lotha
loti <> Loti
lotion <> losyo
lotions <> losyo
lotos <> nilüf
lots <> çok
lotter <> Lotte
lotteries <> piyan
lottery <> piyan
lotto <> loto
lotto <> tomba
lotus <> lotus
lotus <> nilüf
lotuses <> nilüf
loud <> gürül
loud <> kaba
loud <> parla
loud <> yükse
louden <> yükse
louder <> yükse
loudest <> sesin
loudly <> gürül
loudly <> yükse
loudmouthed <> ağzı
loudness <> gürül
loudness <> yükse
loudspeaker <> Hopar
loudspeaker <> hopâr
loudspeakers <> hopar
lough <> göl
lough <> körfe
lounge <> şezlo
lounge <> divan
lounge <> kanep
lounge <> salon
lounge <> tembe
lounge <> uzanm
lounge <> yayıl
lounged <> oturd
lounger <> aylâk
lounger <> tembe
loungers <> şezlo
lounges <> salon
lounging <> uzanm
loupe <> perta
loups <> Loups
lour <> karar
lour <> somur
lour <> surat
loures <> Loure
louringly <> surat
louse <> aşağı
louse <> bit
lousiness <> bitli
lousiness <> iğren
lousy <> alçak
lousy <> bitli
lousy <> iğren
lousy <> kötü
lout <> ayı 
lout <> hanta
lout <> kaba
loutish <> hanta
loutish <> hoyra
loutish <> kaba
loutishly <> hoyra
loutishness <> hoyra
loutishness <> kabal
louver <> çatı
louver <> panju
louvers <> örtüc
louvre <> çatı
louvre <> louvr
louvre <> panju
louvred <> patla
louvres <> panju
lovable <> cana
lovable <> hoş
lovable <> sempa
lovable <> sevil
lovable <> sevim
lovage <> selâm
lovat <> Lovat
love <> aşk
love <> hayra
love <> sevda
love <> sevgi
love <> sevme
love <> tutku
love <> yar
loveable <> sevim
lovebird <> muhab
lovebirds <> Loveb
lovebugs <> Loveb
loved <> önce
loved <> sevgi
loved <> sevil
loveless <> sevgi
loveliest <> sevim
lovelight <> Lovel
loveliness <> hoşlu
loveliness <> sevim
lovelock <> bukle
lovelock <> kâkül
lovelock <> zülüf
lovelorn <> terke
lovely <> şirin
lovely <> güzel
lovely <> hoş
lovely <> sevim
lovemakers <> Lovem
lovemaking <> seviş
lover <> aşık
lover <> dost
lover <> hayra
lover <> merak
lover <> sevgi
lovering <> Lover
loverly <> Lover
lovers <> sever
loves <> seviy
lovesick <> aşk 
lovesick <> sevda
lovesongs <> Loves
lovestruck <> tutul
lovestruck <> vurul
loveth <> sever
loving <> şefkâ
loving <> aşk 
loving <> seven
loving <> sevgi
lovingly <> sevgi
lovings <> Sevme
low <> adi
low <> alçak
low <> böğür
low <> basık
low <> bodur
low <> düşük
low <> kısa
low <> karam
low <> pes
low <> pes 
low <> ucuz
low <> zayıf
lowcost <> düşük
lowed <> izlen
lower <> aşağı
lower <> alçal
lower <> alt
lower <> düşür
lower <> daha
lower <> indir
lower <> küçük
lower <> küçül
lower <> karar
lower <> somur
lower <> surat
lowercase <> küçük
lowercased <> küçük
lowered <> alçal
lowering <> asık
lowering <> indir
lowering <> karar
lowering <> somur
lowermost <> en
lowermost <> en 
lowers <> düşür
lowery <> Lower
lowes <> Lowes
lowest <> en
lowest <> en 
lowing <> iyice
lowings <> edile
lowland <> ova
lowlands <> ovala
lowlife <> ayakt
lowlife <> serse
lowlight <> Lowli
lowliness <> alçak
lowly <> aşağı
lowly <> alçak
lowly <> mütev
lown <> Lown
lowness <> aşağı
lowness <> alçak
lowpitched <> alçak
lowpitched <> heyec
lowpitched <> pes 
lowrise <> alçak
lowrise <> yükse
lox <> füme
lox <> sıvı
loxodrome <> kerte
loxodromic <> kerte
loyal <> sadık
loyal <> vefal
loyalist <> krala
loyalist <> sadık
loyalists <> müdav
loyally <> sadak
loyalties <> sadak
loyalty <> bağlı
loyalty <> sadak
lozenge <> bakla
lozenge <> eşken
lozenge <> pasti
lozenges <> pasti
luau <> Luau
lubber <> becer
lubber <> hödük
lubber <> hanta
lubberliness <> becer
lubberliness <> hanta
lubberly <> becer
lubbers <> Lubbe
lube <> maden
lubed <> Lubed
lubricant <> yağla
lubricants <> yağla
lubricate <> yağla
lubricated <> yağla
lubricates <> yağla
lubricating <> yağla
lubrication <> yağla
lubricator <> yağda
lubricator <> yağla
lubricators <> yağla
lubricious <> dönek
lubricious <> kayga
lubricious <> zampa
lubricity <> kayga
lubricity <> kaypa
lubricity <> zampa
lubricous <> kayga
lubricous <> kaypa
lubricous <> zampa
lucchese <> Lucch
luce <> turna
lucency <> berra
lucency <> parla
lucent <> açık
lucent <> berra
lucent <> parla
lucerne <> kabay
lucerne <> lucer
lucerne <> luzer
luces <> Luces
lucid <> açık
lucid <> aklı
lucid <> anlaş
lucid <> berra
lucidity <> açıkl
lucidity <> berra
lucidity <> sağdu
lucidness <> açıkl
lucidness <> berra
lucidness <> sağdu
lucifer <> şeyta
lucifer <> Sabah
lucifer <> Venüs
lucigenin <> lusig
luck <> şans
luck <> baht
luck <> tâlih
lucked <> şansı
luckie <> Lucki
luckier <> şansl
luckiest <> şansl
luckily <> Allah
luckily <> berek
luckily <> iyi
luckily <> iyi 
luckiness <> şansl
lucking <> Lucki
luckless <> şanss
lucky <> şansl
lucky <> tâlih
lucky <> uğurl
lucrative <> kârlı
lucrative <> kazan
lucratively <> kârlı
lucratively <> kazan
lucre <> lucre
lucre <> para
lucubrate <> emek
lucubrate <> geç 
lucubrate <> sabah
lucubration <> emekl
lucubrator <> sabah
lucubratory <> emek
lucubratory <> zahme
lud <> LUD
ludic <> fingi
ludic <> oynak
ludic <> oynam
ludicrous <> gülün
ludicrous <> komik
ludicrousness <> komik
ludo <> dama
lues <> freng
luff <> orsa
luffa <> lif
luffa <> lif 
luftwaffe <> Luftw
lug <> çekiş
lug <> çekme
lug <> kulak
lug <> kulp
lug <> sürük
lug <> sap
luger <> Luger
luggage <> bagaj
luggages <> Valiz
lugger <> yelke
lugs <> pabuç
lugsail <> aşırm
lugubrious <> acıkl
lugubrious <> asık
lugubrious <> hazin
lugubrious <> kasve
lugworm <> kum
lugworm <> kum 
lukewarm <> ılık
lukewarm <> ilgis
lukewarmly <> ılık
lukewarmly <> ilgis
lukewarmly <> kayıt
lukewarmness <> ılıkl
lull <> ara
lull <> sükun
lull <> teski
lull <> uyuşm
lull <> uyuşt
lull <> yatış
lullabies <> ninni
lullaby <> ninni
lulu <> olağa
lumbago <> bel 
lumbago <> lumba
lumbal <> lombe
lumbar <> bele
lumbar <> lombe
lumber <> ağaç
lumber <> gerek
lumber <> hanta
lumber <> keres
lumber <> lüzum
lumbered <> hanta
lumbering <> ağır
lumbering <> ağaç
lumbering <> hanta
lumbering <> keres
lumberingly <> hanta
lumberjack <> ağaç
lumberman <> keres
lumberyard <> keres
lumbosacral <> lumbo
lumbrical <> lumbr
lumen <> ışık
lumen <> lümen
lumens <> lümen
lumes <> Lumes
lumina <> Lumin
luminaire <> armat
luminaires <> armat
luminance <> ışıkl
luminary <> ışık
luminary <> aydın
luminary <> bilge
lumination <> aydın
luminations <> AYDIN
lumines <> Lumin
luminescence <> ışıld
luminescence <> parla
luminescent <> ışıld
luminescent <> parla
luminiferous <> ışık
luminophores <> yapıd
luminosities <> parla
luminosity <> parla
luminous <> açık
luminous <> aydın
luminous <> parla
luminous <> zeki
lumma <> Lumma
lummox <> ahmak
lummox <> aptal
lummox <> bön
lump <> çekme
lump <> öbek
lump <> şişli
lump <> ahmak
lump <> katla
lump <> parça
lump <> top 
lump <> topak
lump <> topta
lump <> yığın
lump <> yığma
lump <> yumru
lumpectomy <> lumpe
lumped <> toplu
lumpen <> lümpe
lumpiness <> Topak
lumpish <> hanta
lumpish <> topak
lumpish <> yumru
lumps <> topak
lumpy <> top 
lumpy <> topak
lumpy <> yumru
luna <> Ay
luna <> ay 
luna <> gümüş
luna <> luna
lunacy <> çılgı
lunacy <> cinne
lunacy <> delil
lunar <> Ay
lunar <> aya 
lunar <> gümüş
lunar <> yarım
lunarian <> Ay'lı
lunate <> yarım
lunatic <> çılgı
lunatic <> deli
lunatic <> delic
lunatics <> delil
lunation <> kamer
lunch <> öğle
luncheon <> öğle
luncheons <> yemek
luncher <> Lunch
lunches <> öğle
lunchroom <> yemek
lunchtime <> öğle
lundy <> Lundy
lune <> hilâl
lunette <> hilâl
lung <> akciğ
lung <> ciğer
lunge <> at 
lunge <> hamle
lunge <> saldı
lungfish <> akciğ
lungi <> Lungi
lungs <> akciğ
lungworm <> akciğ
lungwort <> ciğer
lunisolar <> ay-gü
lunisolar <> güneş
lunny <> Lunny
lunt <> Lunt
luny <> Luny
lupin <> acı
lupin <> acı 
lupin <> kurt
lupine <> acı
lupine <> acı 
lupine <> kurt
lupines <> acı
lupus <> deri
lupus <> lupus
lur <> LUR
lurch <> salla
lurch <> sende
lurch <> silki
lurch <> zor 
lurched <> salla
lurcher <> dolan
lurcher <> hırsı
lurcher <> pusuc
lure <> çığır
lure <> ayart
lure <> cazib
lure <> cezbe
lure <> tuzak
lure <> yem
lure <> yemle
lured <> sokul
lurgi <> Lurgi
lurid <> kızıl
lurid <> korku
lurid <> yangı
lurk <> gizle
lurk <> pusuy
lurker <> Yeni
lurkers <> gözle
lurking <> gizle
lurks <> pusud
luscious <> ağız
luscious <> lezze
luscious <> tatlı
lusciousness <> lezze
lusciousness <> tatlı
lush <> çok 
lush <> özlü
lush <> ayyaş
lush <> berek
lush <> bol
lush <> içkic
lush <> sulu
lusk <> Lusk
lust <> şehve
lust <> arzu
lust <> arzul
lust <> seks
luster <> ışıtm
luster <> avize
luster <> cila
luster <> cilal
luster <> ihtiş
luster <> parıl
luster <> parla
luster <> sır
lusterless <> fersi
lusters <> Avize
lusterware <> Lüste
lustful <> şehva
lustful <> şehve
lustfulness <> şehve
lustily <> şidde
lustily <> kuvve
lustiness <> şidde
lustiness <> canlı
lustiness <> iştah
lustiness <> kuvve
lustra <> Lustr
lustral <> Lustr
lustrate <> şartl
lustrate <> tahar
lustrate <> yıkam
lustration <> tahar
lustration <> yıkam
lustre <> ışıtm
lustre <> avize
lustre <> cila
lustre <> cilal
lustre <> ihtiş
lustre <> parıl
lustre <> parla
lustre <> sır
lustreless <> mat
lustres <> cilal
lustrous <> parla
lustrously <> parla
lustrousness <> parla
lustrum <> beş
lustrum <> beş 
lusty <> canlı
lusty <> dinç
lusty <> kuvve
lusty <> sağla
lutanist <> kopuz
lutanist <> udi
lute <> kopuz
lute <> lökün
lute <> macun
lute <> ut
lute <> ut 
luteal <> Lutea
lutein <> Lutei
luteinising <> lutei
luteinization <> lutei
luteinizing <> lutei
luteous <> yeşil
lutes <> Lutes
lutestring <> ipekl
luth <> Luth
luthier <> Luthi
luths <> Luths
luting <> lökün
lutist <> kopuz
lutist <> udi
lux <> ışık
lux <> lüks
luxate <> burkm
luxate <> yerin
luxated <> lükse
luxation <> çıkık
luxations <> luksa
luxe <> lüks
luxing <> Luxin
luxuriance <> bollu
luxuriancy <> bollu
luxuriant <> berek
luxuriant <> bol
luxuriant <> süslü
luxuriantly <> bol 
luxuriantly <> bolca
luxuriantly <> süslü
luxuriate <> bol 
luxuriate <> bollu
luxuriate <> lüks
luxuries <> lüks
luxurious <> şaşaa
luxurious <> lüks
luxurious <> rahat
luxuriously <> lüks
luxury <> şataf
luxury <> lüks
luxury <> zevk
lyam <> Lyam
lyase <> liyaz
lyases <> liyaz
lycanthrope <> Lycan
lycanthropy <> kendi
lycanthropy <> kurda
lycee <> lise
lycees <> Lisel
lyceum <> Arist
lyceum <> eğiti
lycopene <> likop
lycopersicon <> Lycop
lycopod <> kurta
lye <> kül 
lye <> küllü
lyes <> lesiv
lying <> yalan
lying <> yatış
lying <> yatac
lym <> lenfo
lymph <> akkan
lymph <> lenf
lymphadenectomy <> lenfa
lymphadenitis <> lenfa
lymphadenopathies <> lenfa
lymphadenopathy <> lenfa
lymphangiectasia <> lenfa
lymphangiectasis <> lenfa
lymphangiectatic <> lenfa
lymphangioleiomyomatosis <> lenfa
lymphangioma <> lenfa
lymphangiomyoma <> lenfa
lymphangiomyomatosis <> Lenfa
lymphangiosarcoma <> Lenfa
lymphangitic <> lenfa
lymphangitis <> lenfa
lymphatic <> gamsı
lymphatic <> lenfa
lymphatic <> lenfl
lymphatic <> serin
lymphatics <> lenf
lymphedema <> lenfö
lymphoblastic <> lenfo
lymphoblasts <> lenfo
lymphocele <> lenfo
lymphocyte <> lenfo
lymphocytes <> lenfo
lymphocytic <> lenfo
lymphocytoma <> Lenfo
lymphocytopenia <> lenfo
lymphocytosis <> lenfo
lymphoedema <> lenf
lymphoepithelial <> lenfo
lymphoepithelioma <> lenfo
lymphogranuloma <> Lenfo
lymphohistiocytic <> lenfo
lymphohistiocytosis <> lenfo
lymphoid <> lenfo
lymphokine <> lenfo
lymphology <> lenfo
lymphoma <> lenfo
lymphomas <> lenfo
lymphomatoid <> lenfo
lymphomatosis <> lenfo
lymphomatous <> lenfo
lymphopenia <> lenfo
lymphopoietic <> lenfo
lymphoproliferative <> lenfo
lymphoscintigraphy <> lenfo
lymphostasis <> lenfo
lymphotoxin <> lenfo
lynch <> linç
lynched <> linç
lynching <> linç
lynchings <> linç
lynde <> Lynde
lynden <> Lynde
lynes <> Lynes
lynx <> vaşak
lynxes <> vaşak
lyonnaise <> Lyonn
lyophilisate <> liyof
lyophilisation <> Liyof
lyophilised <> liyof
lyophilization <> liyof
lyophilized <> liyof
lyra <> Şilya
lyra <> lyra
lyre <> lir
lyrebird <> Lyreb
lyric <> gazel
lyric <> lirik
lyrical <> lirik
lyrically <> şiirs
lyricism <> liriz
lyricist <> lirik
lyrics <> Şarkı
lyrics <> lirik
lyrist <> lir 
lyrist <> lirik
lysate <> lizat
lysates <> lizat
lyse <> Parça
lysed <> lize
lysergic <> liser
lysimeter <> Lizim
lysin <> Lysin
lysine <> lizin
lysing <> parça
lysis <> hücre
lysis <> lizis
lysol <> lizol
lysosomal <> Lizoz
lysosome <> lizoz
lysosomes <> lizoz
lysozyme <> lizoz
lyssa <> kuduz
lyte <> Lyte
lytic <> litik
ma <> anne
ma <> maste
maars <> maarl
maat <> Maat
mabe <> Mabe
macabre <> ölüme
macabre <> ölüml
macabre <> ürküt
macadam <> şose
macadamize <> şose
macao <> Macao
macaque <> makak
macaques <> makak
macaroni <> karma
macaroni <> makar
macaroni <> züppe
macaronic <> yaban
macaronis <> Makar
macaroon <> acıba
macartney <> Macar
macassar <> saç
macassar <> saç 
macaw <> Ameri
maccabees <> Macca
maccaboy <> güllü
macchie <> maki
maccoboy <> güllü
mace <> gözya
mace <> gürz
mace <> küçük
mace <> tören
mace <> topuz
maceral <> maser
macerate <> ıslat
macerated <> maser
maceration <> ıslan
macerator <> kesme
mache <> Parke
macher <> Mache
machete <> pala
machetes <> salla
machicolation <> tepe
machinability <> işlen
machinable <> işlen
machinate <> dolap
machinate <> entri
machinate <> kumpa
machination <> dolap
machination <> entri
machinations <> dolap
machinations <> entri
machine <> makin
machine <> mekan
machined <> işlen
machinegun <> makin
machineguns <> makin
machinemade <> Machi
machiner <> imala
machineries <> makin
machinery <> makin
machinery <> mekan
machines <> makin
machining <> işlem
machinist <> makin
machos <> Macho
macintosh <> yağmu
macintoshes <> Macin
mackerel <> uskum
mackinaw <> Macki
mackintosh <> yağmu
mackle <> bulan
mackle <> leke
mackled <> bulan
mackled <> lekel
macle <> ikiz
maclurin <> Maclu
macon <> Macon
macrame <> düğüm
macrame <> makro
macro <> makro
macroadenoma <> makro
macroamylase <> makro
macrocephalia <> makro
macrocephalous <> büyük
macrocephaly <> büyük
macrocephaly <> makro
macroconsumers <> Makro
macrocosm <> evren
macrocosm <> kâina
macrocosms <> makro
macrocycles <> makro
macrocyclic <> makro
macrocyst <> makro
macrocystis <> Macro
macrocytic <> makro
macrocytosis <> makro
macrodactyly <> makro
macroeconomic <> makro
macroeconomics <> genel
macroeconomics <> makro
macroetch <> Macro
macroevolution <> makro
macroevolutionary <> makro
macrofauna <> makro
macrofossil <> makro
macrofossils <> makro
macroglobulin <> makro
macroglobulinemia <> makro
macroglossia <> makro
macrograph <> doğal
macrolide <> makro
macrolides <> makro
macromastia <> Makro
macromolecular <> makro
macromolecule <> makro
macromolecules <> makro
macron <> uzatm
macrophage <> makro
macrophages <> makro
macrophyte <> makro
macrophytes <> makro
macroprocessor <> makro
macros <> makro
macroscopic <> gözle
macroscopic <> makro
macroscopical <> makro
macroscopically <> makro
macrosomia <> makro
macs <> Mac'l
macula <> benek
macula <> leke
macula <> makul
macula <> nokta
maculae <> makul
macular <> makül
maculas <> makül
maculate <> leke
maculate <> lekel
maculated <> benek
maculated <> lekel
maculation <> leke
maculation <> lekel
maculations <> lekel
macule <> makül
macules <> makül
maculopapular <> makül
maculopathy <> makül
macumba <> Macum
mad <> çılgı
mad <> azgın
mad <> deli
mad <> kızgı
mad <> kudur
mad <> kuduz
mad <> sinir
madam <> bayan
madam <> genel
madam <> madam
madame <> bayan
madame <> hanım
madame <> madam
madames <> Madam
madcap <> deliş
madcap <> delif
madcap <> zıpır
madden <> deli
madden <> delir
maddened <> delir
maddening <> çıldı
maddening <> delir
maddening <> sinir
maddeningly <> çıldı
madder <> kök 
madder <> kızıl
madders <> kökbo
madding <> delir
madding <> köpür
madding <> tepes
maddock <> Maddo
maddocks <> Maddo
made <> üreti
made <> garan
made <> yapıl
madeleine <> Madel
mademoiselle <> matma
mades <> maDes
madge <> Madge
madhouse <> akıl
madhouse <> tımar
madia <> Madia
madly <> deli
madly <> delic
madman <> deli
madmen <> Çılgı
madness <> çılgı
madness <> cinne
madness <> delil
madonna <> Merye
madonna <> madon
madonnas <> Madon
madrague <> MADRA
madras <> çubuk
madras <> Madra
madrasa <> Medre
madrasah <> medre
madrasahs <> medre
madrasas <> medre
madrassa <> Medre
madrassah <> medre
madrassas <> medre
madrepore <> delik
madrigal <> aşk
madrigal <> aşk 
madrona <> Madro
madrono <> Madro
maduro <> Madur
madwoman <> deli
madwort <> delio
maelstrom <> büyük
maelstrom <> yıkıc
maenad <> Baküs
maenad <> kendi
maes <> Maes
maestoso <> ağır
maestoso <> maest
maestri <> Maest
maestro <> üstâd
maestro <> mayst
maestro <> orkes
maffick <> şenli
maffick <> yeri
mafia <> mafya
mafias <> mafya
mafic <> mafik
mafiosi <> mafya
mafioso <> mafya
magazine <> şarjö
magazine <> cepha
magazine <> dergi
magazine <> fişek
magazines <> dergi
magdalen <> tövbe
magdalene <> Magda
magdeburg <> Magde
mage <> sihir
magenta <> eflat
magenta <> morum
mages <> Mages
magg <> Magg
maggiore <> Maggi
maggot <> arzu
maggot <> heves
maggot <> kurtç
maggot <> sinek
maggots <> kurtç
maggoty <> kurtl
maggs <> Maggs
magi <> mecus
magic <> büyü
magic <> büyüc
magic <> sihir
magical <> büyü
magical <> büyül
magical <> sihir
magically <> büyül
magically <> sihir
magician <> büyüc
magician <> sihir
magicians <> büyüc
magick <> Magic
magisterial <> amira
magisterial <> hakim
magisterium <> Majis
magistracies <> magis
magistracy <> hakim
magistral <> reçet
magistrate <> adliy
magistrate <> polis
magistrate <> sulh
magistrates <> hakim
maglev <> Magle
magma <> mağma
magma <> macun
magmas <> magma
magmatic <> magma
magnanimity <> alice
magnanimity <> bağış
magnanimity <> yücel
magnanimous <> asil
magnanimous <> bağış
magnanimous <> yüce
magnate <> ileri
magnate <> kodam
magnate <> patro
magnates <> kodam
magnes <> magne
magnesia <> magne
magnesia <> manye
magnesian <> manye
magnesite <> manye
magnesites <> Manye
magnesium <> magne
magnet <> mıkna
magnet <> magne
magnetic <> çekic
magnetic <> mıkna
magnetic <> manye
magnetical <> Manye
magnetically <> mıkna
magnetically <> manye
magnetics <> manye
magnetisable <> manye
magnetisation <> mıkna
magnetised <> manye
magnetises <> mıkna
magnetising <> mıkna
magnetism <> cazib
magnetism <> mıkna
magnetism <> manye
magnetite <> manye
magnetites <> manye
magnetization <> mıkna
magnetizations <> mıkna
magnetize <> çekme
magnetize <> cezbe
magnetize <> mıkna
magnetized <> manye
magnetizer <> manye
magnetizes <> mıkna
magnetizing <> mıkna
magneto <> manye
magnetoencephalography <> Manye
magnetogram <> Magne
magnetograms <> manye
magnetohydrodynamic <> manye
magnetohydrodynamics <> Magne
magnetometer <> manye
magnetometers <> manye
magnetomotive <> manye
magneton <> Magne
magnetoresistance <> manye
magnetos <> manye
magnetoscope <> manye
magnetospheric <> Manye
magnetostatic <> manye
magnetostatics <> magne
magnetostratigraphy <> manye
magnetostrictive <> manye
magnetrons <> magne
magnets <> mıkna
magnific <> muazz
magnific <> muhte
magnifical <> muazz
magnifical <> muhte
magnificat <> Merye
magnification <> büyüt
magnifications <> büyüt
magnificence <> azame
magnificence <> görke
magnificence <> ihtiş
magnificent <> şahan
magnificent <> azame
magnificent <> görke
magnificent <> muhte
magnificent <> olağa
magnificently <> muhte
magnified <> büyüt
magnifier <> büyüt
magnifiers <> büyüt
magnifies <> büyüt
magnify <> övmek
magnify <> abart
magnify <> büyüt
magnify <> gökle
magnifying <> büyüt
magniloquence <> tumtu
magniloquent <> abart
magniloquent <> büyük
magniloquent <> mübâl
magnitude <> önem
magnitude <> büyük
magnitude <> kadir
magnitudes <> büyük
magnolia <> manol
magnolias <> manol
magnons <> magno
magnox <> Magno
magnum <> büyük
magnum <> magnu
magnums <> Magnu
magots <> Magot
magpie <> saksa
magpies <> saksa
magus <> rahip
magus <> yıldı
magyar <> Macar
mahaleb <> mahle
maharaja <> Mihra
maharajah <> mihra
maharani <> mihra
maharishi <> Mahar
mahatma <> evliy
mahjong <> Çin
mahjong <> Çin d
mahlstick <> ressa
mahogany <> kızıl
mahogany <> maun
mahometanism <> Müslü
mahone <> Mahon
mahonia <> Mahon
mahout <> fil
mahout <> fil 
mahua <> Mahua
maian <> Maian
maid <> bâkir
maid <> hizme
maid <> kız
maid <> temiz
maidan <> alan
maidan <> meyda
maiden <> bâkir
maiden <> bakir
maiden <> el 
maiden <> genç
maiden <> ilk
maiden <> kız
maiden <> yeni
maidenhair <> baldı
maidenhead <> bakir
maidenhood <> bakir
maidenhood <> bekâr
maidenly <> kız
maidenly <> kız 
maidenly <> mahçu
maidens <> bâkir
maids <> Hizme
maidservant <> hizme
maidservants <> cariy
maik <> Maik
maiko <> Maiko
mail <> örgü
mail <> posta
mail <> zırh
mailable <> posta
mailbag <> posta
mailbox <> posta
mailboxes <> posta
mailcoach <> posta
maile <> Maile
mailed <> posta
mailed <> zırhl
mailer <> posta
mailers <> posta
mailing <> posta
mailings <> posta
maillot <> Maill
mailman <> posta
mailroom <> Posta
mails <> posta
maim <> sakat
maimed <> sakat
main <> ana
main <> ana 
main <> asıl
main <> başlı
main <> belli
main <> deniz
main <> esas
main <> horoz
main <> kuvve
main <> okyan
main <> zor
maines <> Maine
mainframes <> mainf
maining <> Kalan
mainland <> anaka
mainlands <> kıtal
mainlines <> ana
mainly <> çoğu
mainly <> başlı
mainmast <> ana
mainmast <> ana 
mains <> Şebek
mainsail <> mayis
mainspring <> ana 
mainspring <> baş 
mainspring <> başlı
mainspring <> esas
mainstay <> ana 
mainstay <> dayan
mainstays <> başlı
mainstreamed <> kayna
mainstreaming <> kayna
maintain <> bakma
maintain <> geçin
maintain <> korum
maintain <> sürdü
maintain <> sağla
maintainable <> sürdü
maintainance <> bakım
maintainance <> geçin
maintainance <> korum
maintainance <> nafak
maintainance <> onarı
maintained <> devam
maintainers <> bakıc
maintaining <> sürdü
maintains <> tutar
maintenance <> bakım
maintenance <> geçin
maintenance <> korum
maintenance <> nafak
maintenance <> onarı
maintenances <> bakım
mair <> Mair
mairs <> Mairs
maisonette <> küçük
maisonettes <> duble
maisonnette <> küçük
maisonnettes <> MAISO
maister <> Maist
maistre <> Maist
maize <> darı
maize <> mısır
majestic <> görke
majestic <> haşme
majestic <> heybe
majestic <> muhte
majesties <> Majes
majesty <> görke
majesty <> haşme
majesty <> heybe
majesty <> majes
majlis <> mecli
majolica <> İtaly
majolicas <> majol
major <> öneml
major <> büyük
major <> başlı
major <> binba
major <> branş
major <> konus
major <> majör
major <> reşit
major <> yetiş
majordomo <> Major
majored <> ihtis
majorette <> bando
majorettes <> Major
majoris <> Major
majoritarian <> çoğun
majorities <> çoğun
majority <> çoğun
majority <> ekser
majority <> reşit
majority <> yetiş
majors <> binba
majuscule <> büyük
make <> biçim
make <> elde
make <> etmek
make <> ilişk
make <> kazan
make <> sağla
make <> varma
make <> verim
make <> yapı
make <> yapıl
make <> yapma
make <> yaptı
maked <> belir
maked <> dikka
maked <> işare
maked <> mimli
makefast <> şaman
makefast <> iskel
makefiles <> Makef
makepeace <> Makep
maker <> bono
maker <> fail
maker <> maker
maker <> yapan
maker <> yarat
makeready <> hazır
makers <> veric
makes <> yapar
makeshift <> eğret
makeshift <> geçic
makeup <> makya
makeups <> Makya
makeweight <> önems
makeweight <> fasul
makeweight <> ufak
making <> başar
making <> etme
making <> yapı
making <> yapma
makings <> özell
makings <> küçük
makings <> malze
makis <> Makis
makos <> Makos
makuta <> Makut
malabar <> Malab
malabsorption <> malab
malacca <> Malac
malachite <> bakır
malachite <> malak
malacia <> malaz
malacostraca <> Malac
maladaptive <> uyums
maladies <> rahat
maladjusted <> uyum
maladjusted <> uyums
maladjustment <> uymam
maladjustment <> uyums
maladministration <> görev
maladministration <> kötü
maladroit <> becer
maladroit <> sakar
maladroitness <> sakar
malady <> hasta
malady <> illet
malaguena <> Malag
malaise <> keyif
malaise <> rahat
malamute <> Malam
malanga <> Malan
malapert <> arsız
malapert <> küsta
malapropism <> sözcü
malapropos <> münas
malapropos <> uygun
malapropos <> yersi
malar <> yanak
malaria <> malar
malaria <> sıtma
malarial <> sıtma
malarian <> sıtma
malarious <> sıtma
malarkey <> boş 
malarkey <> saçma
malarky <> Malar
malas <> Malas
malassimilation <> iyi
malassimilation <> iyi 
malate <> malat
malathion <> Malat
malcontent <> şikây
malcontent <> hoşnu
malcontent <> tatmi
male <> eril
male <> erkek
maleate <> malea
malediction <> beddu
malediction <> iftir
malediction <> lanet
maledictory <> lânet
malefaction <> kötül
malefactor <> cani
malefactor <> kötül
malefactor <> suçlu
malefic <> muzır
malefic <> zarar
malefice <> Malef
maleficence <> verme
maleficence <> zarar
maleficent <> zarar
maleic <> malei
males <> erkek
malet <> Malet
malevolence <> kötü
malevolence <> kin
malevolent <> art 
malevolent <> kötü
malevolent <> kötüc
malevolent <> kinda
malevolently <> kötü
malfeasance <> kötül
malfeasance <> kötüy
malfeasance <> suist
malfeasant <> kötül
malformation <> kusur
malformation <> malfo
malformation <> sakat
malformations <> malfo
malformed <> özürl
malformed <> kusur
malformed <> sakat
malfunction <> arıza
malfunction <> işlev
malfunctioned <> hatal
malfunctioning <> arıza
malfunctions <> arıza
malgre <> malgr
mali <> Mali
malic <> elma
malic <> elmad
malice <> fesat
malice <> garez
malice <> haset
malice <> kötü
malice <> kötül
malicious <> şeyta
malicious <> fena
malicious <> hain
malicious <> kötü
malicious <> kötüc
maliciously <> art 
maliciously <> inadı
maliciously <> kötü
maliciously <> kaste
maliciousness <> kötül
malign <> çamur
malign <> dil 
malign <> habis
malign <> iftir
malign <> kötü
malign <> kötüc
malignancies <> malig
malignancy <> habis
malignancy <> malig
malignant <> habis
malignant <> kötü
malignant <> kötüc
malignant <> zarar
malignantly <> kötü
maligner <> iftir
malignities <> malig
malignity <> derin
malignity <> habis
malignity <> kötül
malignity <> kin
malinger <> hasta
malingerer <> hasta
malingerer <> numar
malingerers <> temar
malingering <> temar
malison <> lanet
malkin <> Malki
mall <> ağaçl
mall <> alışv
mall <> dövme
mall <> mesir
mall <> tokma
mall <> vurma
mallam <> Malla
mallard <> yaban
mallard <> yeşil
malleability <> dövül
malleability <> yumuş
malleable <> dövül
malleable <> tokma
malleable <> uysal
malleable <> yumuş
mallee <> cüce
mallemuck <> fırtı
mallemuck <> kutup
malleolar <> malle
malleolus <> ayak
mallet <> çekiç
mallet <> tokma
mallets <> tokma
malleus <> çekiç
malling <> Malli
mallophaga <> Mallo
mallow <> ebegü
malls <> merke
malm <> kireç
malm <> yumuş
malmsey <> tatlı
malnourished <> malnü
malnourishment <> yeter
malnutrition <> besle
malnutrition <> gıdas
malnutrition <> yeter
malocclusion <> malok
malocclusions <> malok
malodorous <> kötü
malodorous <> pis 
malolactic <> malol
malonate <> malon
malondialdehyde <> malon
malonic <> malon
malonyl <> malon
malpighia <> Malpi
malposition <> malpo
malpositions <> malpo
malpractice <> görev
malpractice <> yanlı
malpractice <> yolsu
malpresentation <> malpr
malrotation <> malro
mals <> Mals
malt <> malt
malt <> maltl
maltase <> malta
malted <> malt
maltha <> katra
maltin <> Malti
malting <> malt
maltings <> Malti
maltodextrin <> malto
maltodextrins <> malto
maltol <> Malto
maltose <> malto
maltreat <> eziye
maltreat <> hırpa
maltreat <> kötü
maltreated <> kötü
maltreating <> kötü
maltreatment <> eziye
maltreatment <> hırpa
maltreatment <> kötü
malts <> maltl
maltster <> maltç
malty <> malt
malty <> maltl
malunion <> kayna
malva <> Malva
malvaceous <> ebegü
malvasia <> Malva
malversation <> kötüy
malversation <> rüşve
malversation <> zimme
mam <> anne
mam <> mam
mama <> anne
mamaliga <> Mamal
mamas <> Mamas
mamba <> mamba
mamba <> zehir
mambo <> mambo
mamelon <> meme
mameluke <> Mısır
mameluke <> Memlu
mameluke <> köle
mamelukes <> Memlü
mamilla <> meme
mamillary <> meme
mamillary <> memey
mamillate <> meme
mamillate <> memel
mamluk <> Memlu
mamluks <> memlü
mamma <> anne
mamma <> meme
mammal <> memel
mammalian <> memel
mammalians <> memel
mammalogist <> memel
mammalogy <> memel
mammals <> memel
mammary <> meme
mammiferous <> memel
mammiform <> meme
mammiform <> memem
mammilla <> meme
mammillary <> göğüs
mammillary <> memel
mammogram <> mamog
mammograms <> mamog
mammograph <> mamog
mammographic <> mamog
mammography <> mamog
mammon <> hırs
mammon <> ihtir
mammon <> kötü
mammon <> serve
mammoplasty <> Meme
mammoth <> dev 
mammoth <> kocam
mammoth <> mamut
mammoths <> Mamut
mammy <> anne
mammy <> zenci
mams <> MAM
man <> Man
man <> adam
man <> beyaz
man <> er
man <> erkek
man <> işçi
man <> insan
man <> oyun
man <> uşak
mana <> doğaü
mana <> mana
manacle <> kelep
manacles <> kelep
managable <> idare
managable <> kulla
managable <> uysal
manage <> çekip
manage <> çevir
manage <> becer
manage <> geçin
manage <> halle
manage <> işlet
manage <> icabı
manage <> idare
manage <> kıvır
manage <> terbi
manage <> yönet
manage <> yolun
manageability <> idare
manageability <> yönet
manageable <> idare
manageable <> kulla
manageable <> uysal
manageably <> idare
managed <> Yönet
management <> işlet
management <> idare
management <> müdür
management <> yönet
managemental <> yönet
managements <> yönet
manager <> işlet
manager <> idare
manager <> müdür
manager <> menej
manager <> yönet
manageress <> müdir
managerial <> idari
managerial <> yönet
managerially <> yönet
managers <> yönet
managership <> işlet
manages <> yönet
managing <> idare
managing <> mesul
managing <> sorum
managing <> yönet
manal <> Manal
manana <> çıkma
manana <> yarın
manatee <> deniz
manatee <> manat
manatees <> Manat
manati <> Manat
manats <> manat
manca <> Manca
manchild <> Manch
manciple <> levaz
manciple <> malze
mandalas <> manda
mandamus <> yükse
mandarin <> Çin'd
mandarin <> Kuzey
mandarin <> manda
mandarine <> manda
mandarins <> manda
mandatary <> manda
mandate <> emir
mandate <> manda
mandate <> vekâl
mandated <> manda
mandated <> yetki
mandates <> görev
mandatories <> manda
mandatorily <> zorun
mandatory <> manda
mandatory <> zorun
mander <> Mande
manders <> Mande
mandible <> çene
mandibles <> çene
mandibular <> çeney
mandibular <> mandi
mandibuloacral <> Mandi
mandibulofacial <> Çene
mandil <> Mandi
mandira <> Mandi
mandirs <> Mandi
mandola <> Mando
mandolin <> mando
mandoline <> mando
mandolins <> mando
mandragora <> Mandr
mandrake <> adamo
mandrake <> kanku
mandrakes <> adamo
mandrel <> fener
mandrel <> malaf
mandrel <> mandr
mandrels <> Şemsi
mandril <> fener
mandril <> malaf
mandril <> mandr
mandrill <> mandr
mandrill <> vahşi
mands <> komut
mandylion <> Mandy
mane <> yele
maneater <> erkek
maned <> yelel
manege <> atın
manege <> at 
manege <> manej
maneh <> Maneh
manent <> hasta
manes <> ölmüş
manes <> ruh
manet <> Manet
maneuver <> önlem
maneuver <> dalav
maneuver <> dolap
maneuver <> hile
maneuver <> manev
maneuverability <> manev
maneuverable <> dolan
maneuverable <> manev
maneuvered <> manev
maneuvering <> manev
maneuvers <> manev
manful <> mert
manful <> yiğit
manfully <> erkek
manfully <> mertç
manfully <> yiğit
manfulness <> mertl
manfulness <> yiğit
mangal <> Manga
manganate <> manga
manganese <> manga
manganiferous <> manga
manganite <> manga
manganous <> Manga
mange <> uyuz
mangel <> hayva
manger <> yemli
mangers <> yemli
mangily <> cimri
manginess <> cimri
manginess <> uyuzl
mangle <> çamaş
mangle <> bozma
mangle <> ezmek
mangle <> menge
mangle <> sıkma
mangle <> silin
mangled <> karış
mangler <> Mangl
mango <> mango
mangoes <> mango
mangold <> Mango
mangolds <> panca
mangonel <> mancı
mangos <> mango
mangosteen <> mango
mangrove <> mangr
mangroves <> mangr
mangy <> cimri
mangy <> iğren
mangy <> pinti
mangy <> pis
mangy <> uyuz
manhandle <> kaba
manhandle <> kol 
manhandle <> tarta
manhattan <> Manha
manhattan <> viski
manhole <> iniş
manhole <> lağım
manhole <> menho
manholes <> bacal
manhood <> erkek
manhood <> mertl
manhour <> emek
manhours <> emek
manhunt <> Manhu
manhunter <> Manhu
mania <> cinne
mania <> delil
mania <> mania
maniac <> manya
maniacal <> çılgı
maniacal <> manya
maniacally <> delic
maniacally <> manya
maniacs <> manya
manias <> ninni
manic <> manik
manic <> manya
manicure <> manik
manicured <> manik
manicures <> manik
manicurist <> manik
manifest <> açıkç
manifest <> aşikâ
manifest <> apaçı
manifest <> belir
manifest <> belli
manifest <> beyan
manifest <> göste
manifest <> gümrü
manifest <> manif
manifestation <> belli
manifestation <> cilve
manifestation <> görün
manifestation <> tezah
manifestations <> bulgu
manifested <> tezah
manifesting <> tezah
manifestly <> açıkç
manifestly <> açık
manifestly <> besbe
manifestness <> açıkl
manifestness <> aşikâ
manifesto <> beyan
manifesto <> bildi
manifesto <> tebli
manifestoes <> manif
manifestos <> manif
manifests <> tezah
manifold <> çeşit
manifold <> çoğal
manifold <> birço
manifold <> dağıt
manifold <> kopya
manifold <> türlü
manifold <> teksi
manifolder <> teksi
manifolds <> manif
manikin <> cüce
manikin <> manke
manikin <> model
manikins <> manke
manila <> Filip
manila <> Manil
manilla <> manil
manillas <> Manil
manioc <> manyo
maniple <> bölük
maniple <> papaz
manipulate <> el 
manipulate <> hile
manipulate <> idare
manipulate <> manip
manipulate <> oynam
manipulated <> manip
manipulates <> yönet
manipulating <> manip
manipulation <> el 
manipulation <> hile
manipulation <> manip
manipulation <> tahri
manipulations <> manip
manipulative <> manip
manipulator <> idare
manipulator <> kalem
manipulator <> manip
manipulator <> tahri
manipulators <> manip
manis <> Manis
manises <> Manis
mankind <> erkek
mankind <> insan
manlike <> erkek
manliness <> erkek
manliness <> mertl
manly <> erkek
manly <> mertç
manly <> mert
manly <> yiğit
manmade <> suni
manna <> kudre
manned <> adam
manned <> insan
manned <> tayfa
mannequin <> manke
mannequin <> model
mannequins <> manke
manner <> şekil
manner <> davra
manner <> eda
manner <> harek
manner <> tarz
manner <> tavır
manner <> ton
manner <> tutum
mannered <> sahte
mannered <> yapma
mannering <> Manne
mannerism <> üslub
mannerism <> yapma
mannerist <> üslub
mannerless <> görgü
mannerless <> terbi
mannerliness <> görgü
mannerliness <> kibar
mannerliness <> terbi
mannerly <> kibar
mannerly <> nazik
mannerly <> terbi
manners <> edep
manners <> görgü
manners <> harek
manners <> terbi
mannish <> erkek
mannishly <> erkek
mannose <> manno
manoeuverability <> manev
manoeuvrability <> manev
manoeuvrable <> dolan
manoeuvrable <> manev
manoeuvre <> önlem
manoeuvre <> dalav
manoeuvre <> dolap
manoeuvre <> hile
manoeuvre <> manev
manoeuvred <> manev
manoeuvres <> manev
manoeuvring <> manev
manometer <> basıö
manometer <> manom
manometers <> manom
manometric <> manom
manometry <> manom
manor <> malik
manor <> tımar
manorial <> malik
manorialism <> Manor
manostats <> monos
manpack <> sırt
manpower <> işgüc
manpower <> insan
manpower <> perso
manque <> becer
manque <> heves
mansard <> mansa
manse <> papaz
manservant <> uşak
manservants <> uşak
mansion <> kâşan
mansion <> köşk
mansion <> konak
mansions <> konak
manslaughter <> öldür
manslaughter <> adam
manslaughter <> kasıt
manslaughter <> kazar
manslayer <> kasıt
manslayer <> kazar
mansuetude <> uysal
mansuetude <> yumuş
manta <> tropi
mantas <> Manta
mantel <> şömin
mantelet <> kısa
mantelet <> top 
mantell <> Mante
mantelpiece <> şömin
mantelshelf <> şömin
mantic <> kehan
manticora <> Manti
mantilla <> şal
mantilla <> kısa
mantis <> peyga
mantissa <> logar
mantissa <> manti
mantle <> örtü
mantle <> harma
mantle <> kabuk
mantle <> kolsu
mantle <> lüks
mantled <> örtül
mantles <> kafta
mantlet <> kısa
mantlet <> kalka
mantling <> manto
manto <> Manto
mantrap <> izins
mantrap <> tehli
mantras <> mantr
mantua <> bol
mantua <> bol 
manty <> Manty
manual <> el 
manual <> elle
manual <> kılav
manual <> kitap
manual <> klâvy
manual <> manue
manually <> el
manually <> el 
manuals <> kılav
manufactory <> fabri
manufacturability <> üreti
manufacturable <> üreti
manufactural <> İmala
manufacture <> üreti
manufacture <> üretm
manufacture <> imal
manufacture <> uydur
manufacture <> yapım
manufactured <> üreti
manufacturer <> üreti
manufacturer <> fabri
manufacturer <> imala
manufacturers <> üreti
manufactures <> üretm
manufacturing <> imala
manufacturings <> imala
manuka <> Manuk
manukas <> Manuk
manul <> Manul
manumission <> azat
manumission <> serbe
manumit <> azat
manumit <> serbe
manure <> gübre
manurial <> gübre
manuring <> gübre
manuscript <> el
manuscript <> el 
manuscripts <> el
many <> çok
many <> birço
many <> bir 
manzanilla <> Manza
manzanita <> Manza
map <> harit
map <> plan
map <> planl
map <> surat
maple <> akçaa
maple <> isfan
maples <> akçaa
mapmaker <> harit
mappable <> Harit
mapped <> eşlen
mapping <> harit
mappings <> dönüş
maprotiline <> mapro
maps <> harit
maquette <> maket
maquettes <> maket
maquila <> Maqui
maquillage <> Maqui
maquis <> nazil
mar <> bozma
mar <> sakat
marabou <> Hint
marabou <> ince
marabou <> marab
marabout <> dervi
marabout <> murab
maraging <> Marag
marah <> Marah
maranatha <> Maran
maras <> Maraş
maraschino <> kiraz
marasmic <> zayıf
marasmus <> zayıf
marathon <> marat
marathon <> uzun
marathoner <> marat
marathoners <> marat
marathons <> marat
maraud <> çapul
maraud <> yağma
marauder <> çapul
marauder <> yağma
marauders <> Marau
marauding <> yağma
marble <> bilye
marble <> damar
marble <> duygu
marble <> ebrul
marble <> merme
marble <> miske
marble <> soğuk
marbled <> damar
marbled <> ebrul
marbled <> merme
marblehead <> Marbl
marbles <> merme
marbles <> miske
marbling <> ebru
marbly <> merme
marc <> üzüm
marc <> marc
marc <> posa
marcasite <> demir
marcasite <> marka
marceline <> Marce
marcella <> Marce
marcescent <> kurum
march <> Mart
march <> hudut
march <> marş
march <> sınır
march <> uygun
march <> yürüy
marched <> yürüd
marchen <> Märch
marcher <> uygun
marcher <> yürüy
marchers <> yürüy
marches <> marşl
marchesa <> March
marchese <> March
marchesi <> March
marchet <> March
marching <> yürüy
marchioness <> marki
marchpane <> acıba
marcian <> Marki
marcs <> Marcs
mardy <> Mardy
mare <> aydak
mare <> kısra
maremma <> Marem
mares <> kısra
margarine <> marga
margarines <> marga
margaritas <> marga
margarite <> marga
marge <> kenar
margin <> ayrım
margin <> fazla
margin <> ihtiy
margin <> kenar
margin <> mesaf
margin <> pay
margin <> toler
marginal <> değer
marginal <> kenar
marginal <> marji
marginal <> sınır
marginalia <> çıkma
marginalia <> haşiy
marginalisation <> marji
marginalise <> marji
marginalised <> marji
marginalising <> margi
marginalism <> Marji
marginalist <> Marji
marginalities <> marji
marginality <> marji
marginalization <> marji
marginalize <> marji
marginalized <> marji
marginally <> değer
marginally <> marji
marginals <> marji
marginate <> kenar
margined <> temin
margins <> marjl
margosa <> tespi
margrave <> uç
margrave <> uç 
margravine <> uç
margravine <> uç 
marguerite <> margr
marguerite <> papat
maria <> Mariy
maria <> Merye
maria <> aydak
maria <> maria
mariculture <> deniz
maries <> Marie
mariet <> Marie
marigold <> kadif
marihuana <> esrar
marihuana <> haşha
marijuana <> esrar
marijuana <> haşha
marimba <> klisi
marina <> marin
marina <> yat 
marinade <> şarap
marinaded <> marin
marinades <> Sosla
marinas <> marin
marinate <> salam
marinate <> zeyti
marinated <> marin
marinating <> marin
marine <> deniz
marined <> marin
marineland <> Marin
mariner <> deniz
mariner <> gemic
marines <> deniz
marinol <> Marin
marinus <> Marin
marionette <> kukla
marionettes <> kukla
mariposas <> Marip
marish <> Maris
marital <> evlen
marital <> evlil
maritime <> deniz
marjoram <> merca
mark <> çizgi
mark <> çizme
mark <> Marko
mark <> belir
mark <> damga
mark <> dikka
mark <> hedef
mark <> işare
mark <> iz
mark <> marka
mark <> mimle
mark <> nişan
mark <> not
mark <> not 
mark <> puan
markdown <> indir
markdowns <> indir
marked <> belir
marked <> dikka
marked <> işare
marked <> mimli
markedly <> belir
markedness <> belir
marker <> damga
marker <> fosfo
marker <> işare
marker <> keçel
markers <> belir
market <> çarşı
market <> alışv
market <> borsa
market <> panay
market <> pazar
market <> piyas
market <> satma
marketable <> pazar
marketable <> satıl
marketed <> pazar
marketeers <> pazar
marketer <> pazar
marketers <> pazar
marketing <> alışv
marketing <> pazar
marketization <> piyas
marketplace <> pazar
marketplaces <> pazar
markets <> piyas
marketting <> alışv
marketting <> pazar
marking <> işare
markings <> işare
markman <> Markm
marks <> izler
marksman <> atıcı
marksman <> nişan
marksmanship <> nişan
markup <> biçim
markup <> fiyat
markup <> perak
markups <> işare
marl <> halat
marl <> kireç
marl <> marn
marlin <> Atlan
marline <> iki 
marline <> mürne
marlinespike <> kavel
marling <> Marli
marlinspike <> Marli
marls <> marn
marly <> kireç
marly <> marnl
marm <> miyiz
marmalade <> marme
marmalade <> porta
marmalades <> marme
marmite <> güveç
marmite <> topra
marmoreal <> merme
marmorean <> merme
marmoset <> ipek
marmot <> dağ
marmot <> dağ 
marmots <> Dağ
maron <> Maron
marone <> Maron
maroon <> ıssız
maroon <> dünya
maroon <> kesta
maroon <> maron
maroon <> patla
maroon <> vişne
marooned <> Kahra
maroons <> Maroo
marplot <> giriş
marquee <> büyük
marquee <> otağ
marquee <> tente
marquees <> kayan
marquess <> marki
marquetry <> kakma
marquis <> marki
marquise <> beyzi
marquise <> marki
marquises <> Marqu
marquisette <> ince
marquisette <> marki
marram <> kıyıd
marred <> gölge
marriage <> evlen
marriage <> evlil
marriage <> nikâh
marriageable <> evlen
marriageable <> gelin
marriaged <> aldır
marriages <> evlil
married <> evli
marrieds <> EVLİ
marries <> evlen
marron <> kesta
marrow <> öz
marrow <> ilik
marrow <> sakız
marrowbone <> ilik
marrowbones <> ilik
marrowfat <> iri
marrowfat <> iri 
marrows <> kabak
marrowy <> ilik
marrowy <> ilikl
marrowy <> iliks
marry <> Allah
marry <> everm
marry <> evlen
marry <> ya
marrying <> evlen
mars <> Mars
mars <> Merih
mars <> savaş
marse <> Marse
marseille <> Marsi
marseille <> kalın
marseilles <> Marsi
marsh <> batak
marshal <> dizme
marshal <> mareş
marshal <> polis
marshal <> sıral
marshaled <> sıray
marshals <> mareş
marshes <> batak
marshiness <> batak
marshiness <> sulak
marshland <> batak
marshlands <> batak
marshmallow <> hatmi
marshmallow <> lokum
marshmallows <> Marsh
marshwort <> su
marshwort <> su 
marshy <> batak
marshy <> sulak
marsupial <> kesel
marsupialization <> marsu
marsupials <> kesel
mart <> çarşı
mart <> mart
mart <> pazar
martel <> Marte
martello <> sahil
marten <> sansa
marten <> zerde
martens <> sansa
martensite <> marte
martensitic <> marte
martial <> asker
martial <> cesur
martial <> savaş
martially <> cesur
martian <> Merih
martian <> marti
martians <> Marsl
martin <> kırla
martin <> marti
martinet <> otori
martinet <> sert
martingale <> marti
martini <> Marti
martinis <> marti
martite <> marti
martlet <> kırla
martyr <> şehit
martyr <> işken
martyr <> kurba
martyr <> mağdu
martyrdom <> şehit
martyrdoms <> şehit
martyred <> şehit
martyring <> şehit
martyrium <> Marty
martyrize <> şehit
martyrs <> şehit
marvel <> şaşma
marvel <> garip
marvel <> harik
marvel <> hayre
marvel <> muciz
marvel <> olağa
marveled <> hayre
marveling <> şaşkı
marvelled <> hayre
marvelling <> şaşkı
marvellous <> fevka
marvellous <> harik
marvellous <> hayre
marvellous <> nefis
marvellous <> olağa
marvellously <> hayre
marvelous <> fevka
marvelous <> harik
marvelous <> hayre
marvelous <> nefis
marvelous <> olağa
marvelously <> hayre
marvels <> şaşıl
mary <> Mary
mary <> Merye
maryjane <> esrar
marzipan <> acıba
marzipan <> badem
masalas <> Masal
mascara <> maska
mascara <> rimel
mascaras <> maska
mascot <> masko
mascot <> uğur
mascots <> masko
mascotte <> Masco
masculine <> eril
masculine <> erkeğ
masculine <> erkek
masculinities <> erkek
masculinity <> erkek
masculinization <> maskü
mash <> ezme
mash <> ezmek
mash <> lapa
mash <> püre
mashallah <> Masha
mashed <> püre
masher <> ezici
masher <> hovar
masher <> kadın
masher <> zampa
mashers <> sıkış
mashie <> demir
mashie <> golf
mashing <> ezme
mashy <> Mashy
masjid <> mesci
masjids <> mesci
mask <> alçı
mask <> gizle
mask <> kamuf
mask <> maske
masked <> örtül
masked <> gizli
masked <> maske
masker <> maske
masking <> maske
masks <> maske
masochism <> mazoş
masochist <> mazoş
masochistic <> mazoş
mason <> duvar
mason <> farma
mason <> mason
mason <> taşçı
mason <> taş 
masonic <> mason
masonry <> duvar
masonry <> mason
masons <> mason
masque <> maske
masquer <> maske
masquerade <> maske
masquerade <> olduğ
masquerade <> sahte
masquerade <> tasla
masqueraded <> maske
masquerader <> karna
masquerader <> maska
masquerader <> maske
masquerades <> maske
masquerading <> gizle
masques <> maske
mass <> aşai
mass <> küme
mass <> kümel
mass <> kütle
mass <> kitle
mass <> topla
mass <> yığın
mass <> yığma
massacre <> kılıç
massacre <> katli
massacre <> toplu
massacred <> katle
massacres <> katli
massacring <> katle
massage <> masaj
massage <> ovmak
massaged <> masaj
massager <> Masaj
massagers <> masaj
massages <> masaj
massaging <> masaj
masses <> Kitle
masseur <> masör
masseurs <> masör
masseuse <> kadın
masseuse <> masöz
masseuses <> masöz
massicot <> sarı
massier <> gün
massif <> kitle
massif <> yerkü
massifs <> masif
massing <> asker
massive <> ağır
massive <> iri
massive <> masif
massive <> som
massive <> yekpa
massively <> ağır
massively <> masif
massively <> tek 
massiveness <> ağırl
massiveness <> irili
massless <> kütle
massy <> dev
massy <> tek 
mast <> direk
mast <> gemi
mast <> kozal
mast <> palam
mastalgia <> masta
mastectomies <> maste
mastectomy <> Maste
mastectomy <> göğüs
mastectomy <> meme
masted <> direk
master <> öğren
master <> öğret
master <> üstâd
master <> ağa
master <> akıl
master <> ana
master <> asıl
master <> baş
master <> efend
master <> esas
master <> hakim
master <> hoca
master <> kalıp
master <> kapta
master <> maste
master <> sahip
master <> usta
master <> yenme
mastered <> hakim
masterful <> amir
masterful <> buyur
masterful <> hükme
masterful <> ustac
masterfully <> amira
masterfulness <> amirl
masterkey <> Maste
masterless <> efend
masterliness <> ustal
masterly <> ustac
mastermind <> çekip
mastermind <> beyin
mastermind <> idare
masterminded <> rolün
masterminds <> dehal
masterpiece <> şahes
masterpiece <> sanat
masterpieces <> başya
masters <> ustal
mastership <> hocal
mastership <> sahip
mastership <> ustal
mastersingers <> Usta
masterstroke <> usta
masterstroke <> ustac
masterwork <> şahes
masterworks <> Maste
mastery <> üstün
mastery <> egeme
mastery <> idare
mastery <> ustal
masthead <> direk
masthead <> gazet
mastheads <> manşe
mastic <> masti
mastic <> sakız
masticate <> çiğne
masticating <> çiğne
mastication <> çiğne
masticator <> çiğne
masticatory <> çiğne
masticatory <> sakız
mastics <> masti
mastiff <> mastı
mastiff <> samsu
mastiffs <> Masti
masting <> Masti
mastitic <> masti
mastitis <> meme
mastocytoma <> masto
mastocytosis <> masto
mastodon <> mamut
mastodon <> masto
mastoid <> masto
mastoidectomy <> masto
mastoiditis <> masto
mastopexy <> masto
masts <> direk
masturbate <> mastü
masturbate <> otuzb
masturbated <> mastü
masturbating <> Mastü
masturbation <> kendi
masturbation <> mastü
masturbation <> mastu
masturbator <> Mastu
masty <> Masty
masu <> Masu
mat <> barda
mat <> buzlu
mat <> dolaş
mat <> donuk
mat <> hasır
mat <> keçe
mat <> keçel
mat <> mat
mat <> paspa
matachin <> Matac
matador <> boğa
matador <> matad
matadors <> matad
matanzas <> Matan
match <> benze
match <> birle
match <> denk
match <> eş
match <> eşlem
match <> evlen
match <> karşı
match <> kibri
match <> maç
match <> rakip
match <> uygun
match <> uymak
match <> yarış
matchbook <> kibri
matchbox <> kibri
matchboxes <> Kibri
matched <> Bahis
matcher <> eşleş
matches <> maçla
matching <> denk
matching <> eş
matching <> uygun
matchless <> benze
matchless <> eşsiz
matchless <> emsal
matchless <> rakip
matchlessness <> eşsiz
matchmaker <> çöpça
matchmaker <> kibri
matchmaker <> yarış
matchmakers <> Match
matchmaking <> çöpça
matchstick <> Kibri
matchup <> yendi
matchwood <> kibri
mate <> çiftl
mate <> Parag
mate <> arkad
mate <> dengi
mate <> eş
mate <> eşlem
mate <> evlen
mate <> mat
mate <> mat 
mate <> ortak
mate <> uymak
mated <> evlen
matelote <> şarap
mater <> anne
materfamilias <> aile
material <> beden
material <> gereç
material <> gerek
material <> kumaş
material <> madde
material <> maddi
material <> malze
material <> zarur
materialise <> cisim
materialise <> gerçe
materialise <> maddi
materialised <> hayat
materialises <> gerçe
materialising <> gerçe
materialism <> özdek
materialism <> madde
materialism <> mater
materialist <> madde
materialist <> mater
materialistic <> madde
materialistic <> maddi
materialistically <> mater
materialists <> Mater
materiality <> gerek
materiality <> lüzum
materiality <> maddi
materialization <> gerçe
materialization <> maddi
materialize <> cisim
materialize <> gerçe
materialize <> maddi
materialized <> hayat
materializes <> gerçe
materializing <> gerçe
materially <> maddi
materials <> bez
materials <> kumaş
materials <> levaz
materials <> malze
materiel <> gereç
materiel <> malze
materiel <> mater
materiels <> Matér
maternal <> anne
maternally <> anne
maternity <> analı
maternity <> annel
math <> matem
mathematic <> matem
mathematical <> kesin
mathematical <> matem
mathematical <> tam
mathematically <> matem
mathematician <> matem
mathematicians <> matem
mathematics <> matem
mathers <> Mathe
mathes <> Mathe
maths <> matem
mathurin <> Mathu
mathurins <> Mathu
matinee <> matin
mating <> çiftl
matings <> çiftl
matins <> kilis
matrass <> uzun
matrasses <> Minde
matress <> döşek
matriarch <> aile
matriarch <> kabil
matriarch <> mader
matriarchal <> anaer
matriarchate <> anaer
matriarchy <> anaer
matrical <> tasvi
matrice <> matri
matrices <> matri
matricidal <> ana
matricidal <> ana 
matricide <> ana
matricide <> ana 
matriculate <> ünive
matriculate <> okula
matriculated <> mensu
matriculation <> öğren
matriculation <> ünive
matriculation <> yeter
matrimonial <> evlen
matrimonial <> evlil
matrimonially <> evlen
matrimony <> evlen
matrimony <> evlil
matrix <> dölya
matrix <> kaide
matrix <> kalıp
matrix <> matri
matrix <> rahim
matrixes <> matri
matron <> ana
matron <> başhe
matron <> evli
matron <> kadın
matronhood <> analı
matronly <> ağırb
matronly <> ana 
matrons <> Kadın
matryoshka <> Matry
mats <> paspa
matt <> buzlu
matt <> donuk
matt <> mat
matte <> mat
matted <> hasır
matted <> keçel
matter <> önem
matter <> önemi
matter <> öneml
matter <> öz
matter <> şey
matter <> cerah
matter <> cisim
matter <> husus
matter <> iltih
matter <> irin
matter <> konu
matter <> madde
matter <> mesel
mattered <> öneml
matters <> konul
matters <> umur
mattery <> çapak
mattery <> cerah
mattery <> iltih
mattes <> matla
mattie <> Matti
mattin <> Matti
matting <> hasır
mattock <> kazma
mattress <> şilte
mattress <> minde
mattress <> yatak
mattresses <> minde
maturate <> iltih
maturate <> olgun
maturation <> cerah
maturation <> olgun
maturation <> olma
maturational <> olgun
mature <> ergin
mature <> kemâl
mature <> olgun
mature <> olmak
mature <> tamam
mature <> vades
matured <> olgun
maturely <> olgun
maturely <> tamam
matureness <> ergin
matureness <> olgun
matureness <> vade
matures <> olgun
maturest <> olgun
maturing <> olgun
maturities <> vadel
maturity <> ergen
maturity <> olgun
maturity <> vade
matutinal <> erken
matutinal <> sabah
matza <> Matza
matzah <> hamur
matzo <> hamur
matzot <> hamur
maudlin <> içip
maudlin <> sarho
maudlins <> Maudl
maul <> dövme
maul <> hırpa
maul <> tokma
maul <> yaral
maul <> yarma
maule <> Maule
mauled <> parça
maulstick <> ressa
maulvi <> Maulv
maund <> Hint
maund <> maund
maunder <> boş
maunder <> boş 
maunder <> tutar
maundy <> Maund
mauresque <> MAURE
mausolea <> mozol
mausoleum <> anıt
mausoleum <> anıtk
mausoleum <> mozol
mausoleum <> türbe
mausoleums <> türbe
maut <> Maut
mauve <> leyla
maverick <> başın
maverick <> damga
maverick <> maver
maverick <> parti
maverick <> sahip
mavericks <> Maver
mavin <> Mavin
mavis <> ardıç
maw <> anne
maw <> gırtl
maw <> kursa
mawkish <> aşırı
mawkish <> iğren
mawkish <> tiksi
mawkishness <> görke
mawr <> Mawr
max <> azami
max <> maksi
maxi <> büyük
maxi <> maksi
maxi <> uzun
maxilla <> çene
maxillar <> çene
maxillary <> çene
maxillary <> maksi
maxillectomy <> maksi
maxillofacial <> maksi
maxillomandibular <> maksi
maxim <> özdey
maxim <> özlü
maxim <> veciz
maximal <> azami
maximal <> en
maximal <> en 
maximalist <> maksi
maximally <> maksi
maximi <> aza
maximilian <> Maxim
maximilians <> Maxim
maximin <> Maxim
maximisation <> maksi
maximise <> en 
maximise <> maksi
maximised <> maksi
maximises <> maksi
maximising <> maksi
maximization <> maksi
maximize <> en 
maximize <> maksi
maximized <> maksi
maximizer <> arttı
maximizes <> maksi
maximizing <> maksi
maxims <> düzgü
maximum <> azami
maximum <> en 
maximum <> maksi
maximums <> maksi
maxis <> Maxis
maxwell <> mıkna
maxwell <> maksv
maxwells <> Maxwe
may <> -abil
may <> -ebil
may <> Mayıs
may <> akdik
may <> bahar
may <> gençl
may <> mümkü
may <> olabi
may <> olası
maya <> Maya
maya <> büyü
mayas <> Mayal
maybe <> belki
maybe <> olabi
mayday <> İmdat
mayday <> bahar
mayday <> bir 
mayday <> mayda
mayday <> yardı
mayflower <> alıç
mayfly <> mayıs
mayfly <> su 
mayhap <> belki
mayhap <> olabi
mayhem <> mayhe
mayhem <> sakat
mayhem <> savun
maying <> bahar
mayonnaise <> mayon
mayonnaises <> mayon
mayor <> beled
mayoral <> beled
mayoralty <> beled
mayoress <> beled
mayors <> Beled
mayorship <> beled
maypole <> bahar
mazarine <> Mazar
maze <> şaşkı
maze <> hayre
maze <> labir
mazeltov <> Mazel
mazes <> labir
mazily <> dolaş
mazily <> karış
maziness <> dolaş
maziness <> karış
mazurka <> leh 
mazurka <> mazur
mazurkas <> mazur
mazut <> Mazut
mazy <> dolaş
mazy <> karış
mccaffrey <> McCaf
me <> Bana
me <> bana
me <> beni
mead <> çayır
mead <> bal 
mead <> yeşil
meadow <> çayır
meadow <> çimen
meadow <> ova
meadowland <> çayır
meadowlands <> çayır
meadowlark <> çayır
meadowlarks <> Meado
meadows <> çayır
meadowsweet <> erkeç
meadowy <> çayır
meads <> Meads
meager <> az
meager <> kıt
meager <> yavan
meager <> yeter
meagre <> az
meagre <> kıt
meagre <> yavan
meagre <> yeter
meal <> öğün
meal <> kaba
meal <> yemek
meals <> yemek
mealtime <> yemek
mealy <> kırçı
mealy <> solgu
mealy <> un 
mealy <> unlu
mealybug <> unlu
mean <> ılıml
mean <> aşağı
mean <> adi
mean <> ahlak
mean <> anlam
mean <> cimri
mean <> demek
mean <> demey
mean <> eli 
mean <> hasis
mean <> huysu
mean <> ifade
mean <> kılık
mean <> kaste
mean <> keyif
mean <> niyet
mean <> orant
mean <> orta
mean <> ortal
mean <> tasar
mean <> utang
mean <> vasat
mean <> zor
meander <> boş 
meander <> dolam
meander <> kıvır
meander <> kıvrı
meander <> labir
meander <> mende
meandering <> dolam
meandering <> kıvır
meandering <> kıvrı
meanders <> mende
meanest <> düşür
meanie <> Meani
meaning <> amaç
meaning <> anlam
meaning <> içeri
meaning <> kasıt
meaning <> manâ
meaning <> manâl
meaning <> niyet
meaningful <> anlam
meaningfully <> anlam
meaningfulness <> anlam
meaningless <> abes
meaningless <> anlam
meaningless <> boş
meaningless <> içeri
meaningless <> manâs
meaninglessly <> anlam
meaninglessness <> anlam
meaningly <> manâl
meanings <> anlam
meanly <> alçak
meanly <> cimri
meanness <> adili
meanness <> alçak
meanness <> cimri
meanness <> hasis
means <> anlam
means <> araç
means <> para
means <> serve
means <> varlı
means <> vesil
meant <> demek
meantime <> bu
meantime <> bu 
meantime <> iken
meanwhile <> aynı
meanwhile <> bu
meanwhile <> bu 
meanwhile <> iken
meany <> Meany
mear <> aşınd
mear <> aşınm
mear <> boca
mear <> dayan
mear <> elbis
mear <> eskim
mear <> giyin
mear <> giyme
mear <> giysi
mear <> kulla
mear <> soldu
mear <> solma
mear <> taşım
mear <> takın
mear <> takma
mear <> volta
mear <> yıpra
meare <> Meare
meares <> Meare
mears <> Mears
measles <> kızam
measly <> adi
measly <> cimri
measly <> değer
measly <> kızam
measurability <> ölçül
measurable <> ölçül
measurable <> sınır
measurably <> ölçül
measure <> ölçü
measure <> ölçüm
measure <> ölçüs
measure <> ölçek
measure <> ölçme
measure <> önlem
measure <> ayarl
measure <> dikka
measure <> had
measure <> mikta
measure <> oran
measure <> süzme
measure <> tartm
measure <> tedbi
measure <> vezin
measured <> ölçül
measured <> ağır
measureless <> ölçüs
measureless <> hesap
measureless <> sınır
measurelessness <> ölçüs
measurement <> ölçü
measurement <> ölçüm
measurement <> ölçme
measurements <> ölçüm
measurers <> ölçer
measures <> önlem
measuring <> ölçme
measurings <> ölçüm
meat <> öz
meat <> et
meat <> zevk
meatball <> köfte
meatballs <> köfte
meatiness <> etli
meatless <> etsiz
meatloaf <> et 
meatloaf <> rulo
meatloaves <> Kofte
meatman <> kasap
meats <> etler
meatus <> kanal
meatus <> yol
meaty <> özlü
meaty <> et 
meaty <> etli
mebendazole <> meben
mecca <> Mekke
mecca <> herke
mechanic <> araba
mechanic <> makin
mechanic <> mekan
mechanic <> tamir
mechanical <> makin
mechanical <> mekan
mechanically <> mekan
mechanician <> makin
mechanics <> harek
mechanics <> mekan
mechanisation <> makin
mechanised <> mekan
mechanism <> işley
mechanism <> mekan
mechanism <> tekni
mechanisms <> mekan
mechanist <> makin
mechanist <> mekan
mechanistic <> mekan
mechanistically <> mekan
mechanists <> mekan
mechanization <> makin
mechanize <> makin
mechanize <> motor
mechanized <> mekan
mechanobullous <> mekan
mechanochemical <> mekan
mechanoreceptor <> mekan
mechatronic <> mekat
mechatronics <> mekat
meconium <> mekon
medaka <> Medak
medal <> madal
medal <> nişan
medaled <> madal
medalist <> madal
medalists <> madal
medalled <> madal
medallion <> ehliy
medallion <> madal
medallion <> taksi
medallions <> madal
medallist <> madal
medallists <> madal
medals <> madal
meddle <> burnu
meddle <> karış
meddled <> burnu
meddler <> burnu
meddler <> karış
meddlesome <> her 
meddlesome <> işgüz
meddlesome <> müdah
meddlesomeness <> burnu
meddlesomeness <> işgüz
meddling <> karış
medevac <> asker
media <> basın
media <> medya
mediaeval <> ortaç
medial <> orta
medial <> ortal
medial <> ortay
medialization <> media
medially <> media
median <> kenar
median <> medya
median <> orta
mediana <> Media
medians <> medya
mediastinitis <> media
mediastinoscopies <> media
mediastinoscopy <> media
mediastinotomy <> media
mediastinum <> media
mediate <> araçl
mediate <> ara
mediate <> ara 
mediate <> aracı
mediate <> araya
mediate <> dolay
mediate <> orta
mediate <> vasıt
mediated <> aracı
mediately <> arada
mediately <> dolay
mediates <> aracı
mediating <> arabu
mediation <> arabu
mediation <> aracı
mediational <> arabu
mediations <> aracı
mediatize <> bağla
mediatize <> birle
mediator <> arabu
mediator <> aracı
mediator <> uzlaş
mediators <> mediy
mediatorship <> arabu
mediatorship <> aracı
mediatory <> uzlaş
mediatrix <> arabu
mediatrix <> aracı
medic <> dokto
medic <> kabay
medic <> tıp 
medicable <> ilaçl
medicable <> iyile
medicaid <> Medic
medical <> tıbbi
medical <> tedav
medically <> tıbbe
medically <> tıbbi
medically <> tıp 
medicals <> medik
medicament <> ilaç
medicaments <> ilaç
medicare <> sağlı
medicate <> ilaç
medicate <> ilaçl
medicated <> ilaçl
medication <> ilaç
medications <> ilaçl
medicinal <> ilaç
medicinal <> tıbbi
medicinal <> tedav
medicine <> büyü
medicine <> dokto
medicine <> ilaç
medicine <> ilaçl
medicine <> sihir
medicine <> tıp
medicines <> ilaçl
medick <> keleb
medico <> dokto
medicolegal <> medik
medics <> sağlı
medieval <> ortaç
medievalism <> ortaç
medievalist <> ortaç
medievalists <> Ortaç
medigap <> Medig
medina <> Medin
mediocre <> alelâ
mediocre <> olağa
mediocre <> orta
mediocre <> sırad
mediocre <> vasat
mediocrities <> vasat
mediocrity <> sırad
mediocrity <> vasat
meditate <> düşün
meditate <> dalma
meditate <> tasar
meditated <> medit
meditates <> medit
meditating <> Medit
meditation <> düşün
meditation <> medit
meditational <> medit
meditations <> medit
meditative <> düşün
meditative <> dalgı
meditatively <> dalgı
meditators <> Medit
mediterranean <> Akden
mediterranean <> Ara 
mediterranean <> kıtal
mediterranean <> kara
medium <> çare
medium <> araç
medium <> medyu
medium <> orta
medium <> ortal
medium <> ortam
medium <> vasıt
medium <> vasat
mediums <> ortam
medlar <> muşmu
medlars <> muşmu
medley <> çeşit
medley <> çeşni
medley <> karış
medley <> potpu
medly <> Medly
medreses <> medre
medresseh <> Medre
medroxyprogesterone <> medro
medulla <> öz
medulla <> ilik
medulla <> medul
medullae <> medul
medullar <> medül
medullary <> ilikl
medullary <> iliks
medullary <> medül
medullated <> medul
medulloblastoma <> medul
medulloblastomas <> medul
medullomyoblastoma <> medul
medusa <> deniz
medusa <> medus
medusa <> yılan
meech <> Meech
meed <> ödül
meed <> mükâf
meek <> alçak
meek <> ezik
meek <> mütev
meek <> silik
meek <> uysal
meek <> yumuş
meeker <> Meeke
meekly <> uysal
meekness <> alçak
meekness <> uysal
meeks <> Meeks
meerkats <> Meerk
meerschaum <> eski
meerschaum <> lület
meet <> başın
meet <> bulma
meet <> buluş
meet <> görüş
meet <> karşı
meet <> kavuş
meet <> münas
meet <> rastl
meet <> tanış
meet <> topla
meet <> uğram
meet <> uygun
meet <> yarış
meet <> yerin
meeting <> birle
meeting <> buluş
meeting <> görüş
meeting <> karşı
meeting <> mitin
meeting <> oturu
meeting <> topla
meetinghouse <> Meeti
meetings <> topla
meets <> uygun
mefenamic <> mefen
mefloquine <> meflo
megabit <> megab
megabits <> megab
megabuck <> bir
megabuck <> bir 
megabytes <> megab
megacephalic <> büyük
megacephalic <> koca
megacities <> Mega
megacity <> Megac
megacolon <> megak
megacycle <> saniy
megacystis <> megas
megadeath <> Megad
megahertz <> megah
megahertz <> saniy
megakaryocyte <> megak
megakaryocytes <> megak
megakaryocytic <> megak
megalith <> megal
megalith <> taş 
megalithic <> megal
megaloblastic <> megal
megalocephalic <> büyük
megalocephalous <> büyük
megalocephaly <> büyük
megalomania <> kendi
megalomania <> megal
megalomaniac <> megal
megalomaniacal <> megal
megalopolis <> birle
megalopolis <> megal
megaloptera <> Megal
megaparsec <> megap
megaphon <> Megap
megaphone <> megaf
megaphones <> megaf
megaplex <> Megap
megapolis <> Megap
megapolises <> kentl
megara <> megar
megarons <> megar
megaspore <> megas
megastars <> Megas
megastore <> Megas
megastores <> Megas
megastructures <> Mega
megaton <> bir 
megaton <> megat
megatons <> megat
megaureter <> Megaü
megawatt <> megav
megawatts <> megaw
meglumine <> meglu
megohm <> megom
megrim <> başağ
megrim <> migre
megrims <> bunal
megrims <> can 
megrims <> sıkın
mehndi <> Mehnd
meiosis <> az 
meiosis <> mayoz
meiotic <> mayot
meister <> Meist
meistersinger <> Meist
mejlis <> Mecli
melamed <> Melam
melamine <> melam
melampsora <> Melam
melancholia <> karas
melancholia <> melan
melancholic <> bunal
melancholic <> hüzün
melancholic <> karas
melancholic <> melan
melancholy <> bunal
melancholy <> hüzün
melancholy <> kasve
melancholy <> melan
melanerpes <> Melan
melanesia <> Melan
melange <> karış
melange <> melan
melanges <> melan
melanic <> melan
melanism <> aşırı
melanism <> renk
melanitta <> Melan
melanocyte <> melan
melanocytes <> melan
melanocytic <> melan
melanocytoma <> melan
melanogenesis <> melan
melanoma <> melan
melanomas <> melan
melanonychia <> melan
melanosis <> dokul
melanosome <> melan
melanosomes <> melan
melanotic <> melan
melaphyre <> Melaf
melasma <> melaz
meld <> birle
meld <> karış
melee <> meyda
melik <> melik
melilot <> kokul
melilot <> sarı
meline <> Melih
melinite <> duman
melinite <> melin
meliorate <> düzel
meliorate <> iyile
melioration <> ıslah
melioration <> düzel
meliorism <> dünya
meliorism <> iyims
meliorist <> dünya
meliorist <> iyims
melissa <> melis
melissa <> oğulo
mell <> küldü
melliferous <> bal
melliferous <> bal 
mellifluence <> tatlı
mellifluent <> tatlı
mellifluently <> tatlı
mellifluous <> akıcı
mellifluous <> bal 
mellifluous <> tatlı
melling <> Melli
mellotron <> Mello
mellow <> olgun
mellow <> tatlı
mellow <> yılla
mellow <> yumuş
mellowness <> olgun
mellowness <> tatlı
mellowness <> yumuş
melodia <> Melod
melodic <> ahenk
melodic <> melod
melodica <> melod
melodies <> melod
melodious <> ahenk
melodious <> melod
melodious <> uyuml
melodiously <> ahenk
melodiousness <> ahenk
melodist <> beste
melodize <> ahenk
melodize <> beste
melodize <> melod
melodrama <> melod
melodramas <> melod
melodramatic <> melod
melodramatically <> melod
melodramatist <> melod
melody <> ezgi
melody <> melod
melody <> nağme
melon <> kâr
melon <> kavun
melon <> kazan
melons <> kavun
melphalan <> melfa
melpomene <> Melpo
mels <> Mels
melt <> ergim
melt <> erime
melt <> eritm
melt <> eriyi
melt <> yumuş
meltability <> eriye
meltable <> eriye
meltdown <> erime
melted <> eriti
melter <> eriti
melters <> eriti
melting <> erime
melting <> eriti
melting <> eritm
melting <> yumuş
meltingly <> yumuş
melton <> yünlü
melts <> erir
melty <> Melte
memantine <> meman
member <> Üye
member <> üye
member <> organ
member <> taraf
member <> uzuv
membered <> Üyeli
members <> üye
membership <> üyele
membership <> üyeli
memberships <> üyeli
membrane <> zar
membranectomy <> membr
membraned <> Membr
membraneous <> membr
membranes <> membr
membranoproliferative <> membr
membranous <> zar 
membranous <> zarsı
memento <> andaç
memento <> hatır
memento <> yadig
memetic <> memet
memetics <> memet
memnon <> Memno
memo <> bildi
memo <> not
memoir <> anı
memoir <> anı 
memoirs <> hatır
memoirs <> tutan
memorabilia <> hatır
memorable <> akıld
memorable <> hatır
memorable <> unutu
memorably <> unutu
memoranda <> muhtı
memorandum <> bildi
memorandum <> muhtı
memorandum <> not
memorandums <> muhtı
memorate <> memor
memorial <> önerg
memorial <> abide
memorial <> anısı
memorial <> anıt
memorial <> anma
memorial <> bildi
memorial <> hatır
memorialize <> anma
memorialize <> anmak
memorialize <> dilek
memorials <> anıt
memories <> hatır
memorisation <> hafız
memorise <> belle
memorise <> ezber
memorised <> ezber
memorising <> ezber
memorization <> ezber
memorize <> belle
memorize <> ezber
memorized <> ezber
memorizes <> ezber
memorizing <> ezber
memory <> akıl
memory <> anı
memory <> belle
memory <> hafız
memory <> hatır
memoryless <> belle
memos <> notla
mems <> MEMS
men <> erkek
menace <> gözda
menace <> tehdi
menaced <> tehdi
menaces <> tehdi
menacing <> tehdi
menacingly <> tehdi
menad <> Baküs
menad <> kendi
menadione <> menad
menage <> aile
menage <> ev
menage <> ev 
menagerie <> hayva
menarche <> menar
mend <> düzel
mend <> iyile
mend <> onarı
mend <> onarm
mend <> tamir
mendable <> düzel
mendable <> onarı
mendacious <> uydur
mendacious <> yalan
mendaciously <> yalan
mendacity <> yalan
mendation <> öneri
mendations <> Ensti
mended <> iyile
mendelson <> Mende
mender <> onarı
menders <> Mende
mendicancy <> dilen
mendicant <> dilen
mendicity <> dilen
mending <> tamir
mends <> yaran
meneer <> Menee
menes <> Menes
menfolk <> erkek
meng <> Meng
menges <> Menge
menhaden <> ringa
menhir <> taş
menhir <> taş 
menhir <> tek 
menhirs <> menhi
menial <> adi
menial <> bayağ
menial <> hizme
meninges <> zarla
meningioma <> menin
meningiomas <> menin
meningitis <> beyin
meningitis <> menen
meningocele <> menin
meningococcaemia <> menin
meningococcal <> Menin
meningococci <> Menin
meningococcus <> Menin
meningoencephalitis <> menin
meningomyelocele <> menin
meniscal <> menis
meniscectomy <> menis
menisci <> menis
meniscus <> menis
meno <> Meno
menometrorrhagia <> menom
menopausal <> menop
menopause <> menop
menorrhagia <> menor
menorrhagic <> menor
mensa <> Mensa
mensal <> ayda
mensal <> aylık
mensal <> her
mensal <> her 
menschen <> Mensc
menses <> adet
menses <> aybaş
menses <> regl
menstrual <> aybaş
menstrual <> regl
menstrually <> menst
menstruate <> adet
menstruate <> regl
menstruating <> Adet
menstruation <> adet
menstruation <> aybaş
menstruation <> regl
menstruous <> aybaş
menstruous <> regl
menstruum <> çözüc
menstruum <> eriti
mensurable <> ölçül
mensural <> ölçüy
mensural <> ölçme
mensuration <> ölçme
menswear <> erkek
ment <> Ment
menta <> Menta
mental <> akıl
mental <> ruhsa
mental <> zekâ
mental <> zihin
mentalism <> Menta
mentalities <> zihni
mentality <> anlay
mentality <> düşün
mentality <> zekâ
mentality <> zihni
mentalizing <> zihin
mentally <> akli
mentally <> zekâ
mentally <> zihin
mentals <> Menta
mentation <> manta
mentees <> mente
mentha <> Menth
menthol <> mento
menthol <> nane
mentholated <> Mento
mention <> anma
mention <> anmak
mention <> bahse
mention <> dile
mention <> ima
mention <> ima 
mention <> mansi
mention <> söyle
mention <> söz 
mentioned <> adı
mentioned <> adı 
mentioned <> bahse
mentioned <> sözü
mentioning <> söz
mentions <> söz
mento <> Mento
mentor <> akıl
mentor <> danış
mentored <> danış
mentoring <> mento
mentors <> rehbe
mentorship <> rehbe
menu <> menü
menus <> Menül
meow <> miyav
meperidine <> meper
mephitic <> pis 
mephitic <> zehir
mephitis <> batak
mephitis <> zehir
mercantile <> ticar
mercantilism <> ticar
mercantilist <> merka
mercaptans <> merka
mercapto <> merka
mercaptoethanol <> merka
mercaptopurine <> merka
mercat <> Merca
merce <> Merce
merced <> Merce
mercenaries <> paral
mercenarily <> çıkar
mercenarily <> parag
mercenary <> çıkar
mercenary <> ücret
mercenary <> parag
mercenary <> paral
mercer <> kumaş
mercerised <> Merse
mercerising <> Merse
mercerization <> merse
mercerize <> kumaş
mercerize <> merse
mercerized <> merse
mercerizing <> merse
merchandise <> alışv
merchandise <> mal
merchandise <> satıl
merchandise <> ticar
merchandisers <> raf
merchandize <> satış
merchant <> tücca
merchant <> tacir
merchant <> ticar
merchantability <> satıl
merchantable <> satıl
merchantman <> ticar
merchantman <> yük 
merchants <> Mağaz
merchantship <> ticar
merchantship <> yük 
mercies <> şefka
merciful <> bağış
merciful <> insaf
merciful <> merha
mercifully <> merha
mercifulness <> merha
merciless <> acıma
merciless <> amans
merciless <> insaf
merciless <> merha
mercilessly <> acıma
mercilessly <> insaf
mercilessly <> merha
mercilessness <> acıma
mercurial <> cıva
mercurial <> cıval
mercurial <> canlı
mercurial <> dakik
mercurial <> değiş
mercuric <> iki
mercuric <> iki 
mercurous <> tek
mercurous <> tek 
mercury <> Merkü
mercury <> cıva
mercury <> ticar
mercury <> yerfe
mercy <> af
mercy <> aman
mercy <> insaf
mercy <> merha
mercy <> rahme
mere <> göl
mere <> katkı
mere <> sırf
mere <> sade
mere <> saf
merely <> ancak
merely <> sırf
merely <> sade
merely <> sadec
merely <> yalnı
meres <> Meres
merest <> en
merest <> en 
meretricious <> cafca
meretricious <> göste
meretricious <> süslü
merfolk <> Merfo
merganser <> teste
merge <> birle
merge <> karış
merge <> kayna
merged <> Birle
merger <> birle
mergers <> birle
merges <> birle
merging <> birle
meridian <> öğle
meridian <> öğlen
meridian <> doruk
meridian <> merid
meridian <> zirve
meridians <> merid
meridional <> güney
meridional <> merid
mering <> Merin
meringue <> beze
meringues <> bezel
merino <> merin
merinos <> Merin
meris <> MERIS
meristematic <> meris
meristems <> meris
meristic <> meris
merit <> değer
merit <> değme
merit <> erdem
merit <> fazil
merit <> hak 
merit <> layık
merit <> meziy
merit <> yarar
meritocracy <> merit
meritorious <> övülm
meritorious <> değer
merits <> yarar
merks <> Merks
merl <> Merl
merlin <> Merli
merlin <> bozdo
merlins <> Merli
merlon <> mazga
mermaid <> deniz
merman <> deniz
meromorphic <> merom
merrier <> neşel
merrily <> mutlu
merrily <> neşey
merriment <> cümbü
merriment <> eğlen
merriment <> neşe
merry <> şen
merry <> keyif
merry <> mutlu
merry <> neşe
merry <> neşel
merrymaking <> şen
merrymaking <> cümbü
merrymaking <> eğlen
merrymaking <> neşel
merrythought <> lades
mesa <> düz 
mesa <> yükse
mesalamine <> mesal
mesalliance <> dengi
mesangial <> mezan
mescal <> diken
mescaline <> meska
mesdames <> bayan
mesdames <> hanım
mesdemoiselles <> genç
mesdemoiselles <> matma
meseems <> bana
mesencephalic <> Mezen
mesencephalon <> mezen
mesenchymal <> mezen
mesenchyme <> mezen
mesenteric <> mesen
mesenteric <> mezen
mesenteritis <> mesen
mesentery <> bağır
mesentery <> mesen
mesh <> ağ
mesh <> ağ 
mesh <> birbi
mesh <> tuzağ
meshed <> dövül
meshes <> kafes
meshing <> Meshi
meshuggah <> çatla
meshuggah <> deli
meshwork <> ağ
meshwork <> ağ 
mesiad <> MESİA
mesial <> mezia
mesial <> orta
mesic <> Mesiç
meslin <> mahlu
mesmerise <> büyül
mesmerised <> mesme
mesmerising <> mesme
mesmerism <> ipnot
mesmerism <> ipnoz
mesmerism <> manye
mesmerization <> Mesme
mesmerize <> ipnot
mesmerizes <> büyül
mesne <> mesne
mesne <> orta
mesoblastic <> mezob
mesocricetus <> Mesoc
mesoderm <> mezod
mesodermal <> mezod
mesomeric <> Mezom
mesomorph <> mezom
mesomorphic <> mezom
mesomorphy <> mezom
meson <> meson
mesonic <> mezon
mesons <> mezon
mesophile <> mezof
mesophiles <> mezof
mesophilic <> mezof
mesophyll <> mezof
mesophyll <> yapra
mesophytic <> mezof
mesopic <> mezop
mesoscale <> orta
mesosphere <> mezos
mesosphere <> orta
mesothelial <> mezot
mesothelioma <> mezot
mesotheliomas <> Mezot
mesotron <> mesot
mesozoa <> Mesoz
mesozoic <> Mesoz
mesozoic <> ikinc
mesquite <> Mesqu
mess <> çorba
mess <> asker
mess <> bozma
mess <> karış
mess <> karma
mess <> kirle
mess <> manga
mess <> pisle
mess <> pisli
mess <> sofra
message <> haber
message <> mesaj
messaged <> mesaj
messages <> mesaj
messaging <> mesaj
messed <> haber
messenger <> haber
messenger <> kurye
messenger <> ulak
messengers <> haber
messes <> Messe
messiah <> İsa p
messiah <> Mesih
messiah <> kurta
messiahs <> mesih
messianic <> Mesih
messias <> Messi
messier <> Messi
messieurs <> efend
messing <> karış
messman <> MESSM
messmate <> sofra
messuage <> meske
messy <> dağın
messy <> karma
messy <> pasak
messy <> pis
mester <> Meste
mestizo <> kırma
mestizo <> melez
mestizo <> metis
mesylate <> mesil
met <> bir
metabisulfite <> metab
metabisulphite <> metab
metabolic <> metab
metabolical <> metab
metabolically <> Metab
metabolin <> metab
metabolisation <> metab
metabolise <> metab
metabolised <> metab
metabolises <> metab
metabolising <> metab
metabolism <> metab
metabolisms <> metab
metabolite <> metab
metabolites <> metab
metabolizability <> metab
metabolizable <> metab
metabolized <> metab
metabolizes <> metab
metabolizing <> metab
metabotropic <> metab
metacarpal <> eltar
metacarpal <> metak
metacarpals <> metak
metacarpophalangeal <> metak
metacarpus <> eltar
metacenter <> denkl
metacentric <> metas
metacharacter <> meta
metacharacters <> meta
metachromatic <> metak
metachronous <> metak
metafiction <> metak
metafile <> meta
metafiles <> meta
metagalaxy <> kâina
metage <> ölçüm
metage <> ölçme
metagenesis <> metag
metaheuristic <> Metas
metairie <> Metai
metal <> kırık
metal <> maden
metal <> metâl
metal <> metal
metalanguage <> üstdi
metalheads <> kitle
metaline <> MetaL
metalised <> Metal
metalist <> Metal
metalized <> metal
metalled <> maden
metallic <> maden
metallic <> metâl
metallic <> metal
metallically <> metal
metalliferous <> Metal
metalline <> Metal
metalling <> Metal
metallised <> metal
metallising <> metal
metallist <> maden
metallization <> metal
metallize <> maden
metallize <> metâl
metallized <> metal
metallizing <> metal
metallocene <> metal
metalloenzymes <> metal
metallogenetic <> metal
metallogenic <> metal
metallogeny <> metal
metallographic <> metal
metallography <> metâl
metalloid <> maden
metalloid <> metâl
metalloids <> metal
metalloporphyrins <> Metal
metalloprotease <> metal
metalloproteases <> Metal
metalloproteinase <> metal
metalloproteinases <> metal
metallurgic <> metâl
metallurgical <> metâl
metallurgical <> metal
metallurgically <> metal
metallurgist <> maden
metallurgist <> metâl
metallurgists <> metal
metallurgy <> maden
metallurgy <> metâl
metallurgy <> metal
metals <> maden
metals <> metâl
metals <> rayla
metalware <> metal
metalwork <> maden
metalwork <> metal
metalworker <> döküm
metalworker <> maden
metalworkers <> metal
metalworking <> metal
metamerism <> metam
metamorphic <> başka
metamorphic <> metâm
metamorphic <> metam
metamorphism <> metam
metamorphisms <> metam
metamorphopsia <> metam
metamorphose <> başka
metamorphose <> değiş
metamorphosed <> metam
metamorphoses <> metam
metamorphosing <> metam
metamorphosis <> başka
metamorphosis <> değiş
metamorphosis <> metâm
metanephric <> metan
metanephrine <> metan
metanephrines <> metan
metanoia <> Metan
metaphase <> metaf
metaphases <> metaf
metaphor <> istia
metaphor <> mecaz
metaphoric <> mecaz
metaphorical <> mecaz
metaphorically <> mecaz
metaphors <> metaf
metaphosphate <> metaf
metaphrase <> aynen
metaphrase <> kelim
metaphyseal <> metaf
metaphyses <> metaf
metaphysial <> metaf
metaphysic <> metaf
metaphysical <> doğaü
metaphysical <> metaf
metaphysically <> metaf
metaphysician <> metaf
metaphysics <> fizik
metaphysics <> metaf
metaphysis <> metaf
metaplasia <> metap
metaplasm <> hücre
metaplasm <> hece
metaplasm <> metap
metaplastic <> metap
metapsychology <> metap
metasomatic <> metas
metasomatism <> metas
metastability <> polit
metastable <> metas
metastases <> metas
metastasis <> başka
metastasis <> metas
metastasis <> yayıl
metastasise <> metas
metastasises <> metas
metastasize <> metas
metastasized <> metas
metastasizes <> metas
metastasizing <> metas
metastatic <> metas
metasyntactic <> Alber
metatarsal <> ayakt
metatarsal <> metat
metatarsalgia <> metat
metatarsals <> metat
metatarsophalangeal <> metat
metatarsus <> ayakt
metathesis <> şartl
metathesis <> harf
metazoa <> Metaz
metazoons <> Metaz
mete <> ölçme
mete <> bölüş
metempsychosis <> ruh
metempsychosis <> ruh 
metempsychosis <> ruhun
meteor <> akany
meteor <> gökta
meteor <> meteo
meteoric <> çok 
meteoric <> şimşe
meteoric <> gökta
meteoric <> hava
meteoric <> meteo
meteoric <> parla
meteorite <> gökta
meteorite <> yere
meteorites <> meteo
meteoritics <> Meteo
meteorograph <> meteo
meteoroid <> gökta
meteoroids <> Meteo
meteorologic <> meteo
meteorological <> meteo
meteorologist <> meteo
meteorologists <> meteo
meteorology <> hava
meteorology <> meteo
meteors <> meteo
meter <> ölçü
meter <> ölçme
meter <> metre
meter <> saat
meter <> sayaç
meter <> taksi
meter <> vezin
metered <> ölçül
metering <> ölçüm
meters <> metre
methacholine <> metak
methacrylate <> metak
methacrylates <> metak
methacrylic <> metak
methadone <> metad
methaemoglobinaemia <> methe
methamphetamine <> metam
methane <> metan
methanesulfonic <> metan
methanogenesis <> metan
methanogenic <> metan
methanogens <> metan
methanol <> metan
methanolic <> metan
methanols <> Metan
methanomicrobiales <> Metha
methanosarcina <> Metha
metheglin <> bal
metheglin <> bal 
methemoglobinemia <> methe
methenamine <> methe
methenolone <> Methe
methicillin <> metis
methimazole <> metim
methinks <> öyle
methinks <> galib
methinks <> sanır
methionine <> metiy
methionyl <> metiy
method <> düzen
method <> metod
method <> tarz
method <> usul
method <> yönte
methodic <> metod
methodical <> düzen
methodical <> siste
methodical <> usule
methodically <> düzen
methodios <> Metho
methodism <> bir 
methodism <> metod
methodist <> bir 
methodist <> metod
methodistic <> Metod
methodists <> Metho
methodize <> düzen
methodize <> siste
methodological <> metod
methodologically <> metod
methodologies <> metod
methodology <> metod
methodology <> yönte
methods <> yönte
methotrexate <> metot
methought <> bana
methought <> sandı
methought <> zanne
methoxide <> metok
methoxsalen <> Metho
methoxy <> metok
methoxyl <> metok
methoxyphenol <> metok
methoxyphenyl <> metok
methoxythiophenol <> metok
meths <> yakac
methyl <> metil
methylases <> metil
methylate <> metil
methylated <> metil
methylation <> metil
methylcellulose <> metil
methyldopa <> metil
methylene <> metil
methylenebis <> metil
methylenedioxymethamphetamine <> metil
methylenedioxyphenyl <> metil
methylenes <> metil
methylenetetrahydrofolate <> metil
methylephedrine <> metil
methylergometrine <> metil
methylergonovine <> metil
methylglutaryl <> metil
methylmalonic <> metil
methylmethacrylate <> metil
methylparaben <> metil
methylphenidate <> metil
methylprednisolone <> metil
methyls <> metil
methyltestosterone <> metil
methyltetrahydrofolate <> metil
methylthio <> metil
methyltransferase <> metil
methyltransferases <> metil
methylxanthine <> metil
methylxanthines <> metil
meticulous <> çok 
meticulous <> kılı
meticulous <> titiz
meticulously <> özenl
meticulously <> titiz
meticulousness <> titiz
metier <> iş
metier <> mesle
metis <> Avrup
metisse <> Metis
metoclopramide <> metok
metonymy <> ad 
metonymy <> benze
metonymy <> kinay
metope <> çatı
metope <> metop
metopes <> Metop
metre <> ölçü
metre <> ölçme
metre <> metre
metre <> saat
metre <> sayaç
metre <> taksi
metre <> vezin
metres <> metre
metric <> metre
metric <> metri
metric <> vezne
metrical <> metre
metrical <> metri
metrical <> vezne
metrically <> ölçüy
metrically <> metre
metricate <> metri
metrication <> metre
metrication <> metri
metrics <> ölçüm
metrification <> metre
metrification <> metri
metrify <> metre
metro <> metro
metrologic <> Metro
metrological <> metro
metrologically <> metro
metrology <> ölçme
metrology <> metro
metronidazole <> metro
metronome <> metro
metronome <> tempo
metronomes <> metro
metronomy <> Metro
metropole <> metro
metropoles <> Büyük
metropolis <> Londr
metropolis <> büyük
metropolis <> başke
metropolis <> metro
metropolises <> metro
metropolitan <> Büyük
metropolitan <> başke
metropolitan <> başpi
metropolitans <> metro
metros <> metro
mette <> Mette
mettle <> şevk
mettle <> atakl
mettle <> ateş
mettle <> hırs
mettled <> atak
mettled <> ateşl
mettled <> canlı
mettlesome <> atak
mettlesome <> ateşl
mettlesome <> canlı
meus <> Meus
meuse <> Meuse
meute <> Meute
mevalonate <> meval
mevalonic <> meval
mew <> hapse
mew <> kafes
mew <> martı
mew <> miyav
mewl <> bebek
mewl <> zayıf
mews <> ahırd
mews <> ahırl
mexiletine <> meksi
mezcal <> Mezca
mezes <> mezel
mezzanine <> ara 
mezzanine <> asma
mezze <> mezel
mezzes <> meze
mezzotint <> bakır
mho <> iletk
mi <> mi
mi <> mi 
miaou <> miyav
miaow <> miyav
mias <> MIAS
miasma <> mikro
miasma <> miyas
miasma <> pis 
miasmal <> mikro
miasmal <> pis
miasmal <> zehir
miasmatic <> mikro
miasmatic <> pis
miasmatic <> zehir
mica <> mika
micaceous <> mika
micaceous <> mikal
micas <> mikal
micawber <> Micaw
mice <> farel
mice <> korka
micellar <> misel
micelle <> misel
micelles <> misel
mick <> İrlan
mick <> mick
mickey <> miki
mickeys <> Micke
mickle <> az
mickle <> az 
mickle <> küçük
miconazole <> mikon
micro <> mikro
microabrasion <> mikro
microabscesses <> mikro
microadenoma <> mikro
microaerophilic <> mikro
microalgae <> mikro
microampere <> mikro
microanalyses <> mikro
microanalysis <> mikro
microanatomical <> Mikro
microaneurysms <> mikro
microangiopathic <> mikro
microangiopathies <> mikro
microangiopathy <> mikro
microarchitecture <> mikro
microarchitectures <> mikro
microbalance <> mikro
microbar <> Mikro
microbars <> mikro
microbe <> mikro
microbes <> mikro
microbial <> mikro
microbic <> mikro
microbicidal <> Mikro
microbicide <> mikro
microbicides <> mikro
microbiologic <> mikro
microbiological <> mikro
microbiologically <> mikro
microbiologist <> mikro
microbiologists <> mikro
microbiology <> hücre
microbiology <> mikro
microbiota <> mikro
microburst <> Micro
microbursts <> mikro
microbus <> mikro
microcalcification <> mikro
microcalcifications <> mikro
microcapsule <> mikro
microcapsules <> mikro
microcassette <> mikro
microcephalia <> mikro
microcephalous <> küçük
microcephalous <> mikro
microcephaly <> küçük
microcephaly <> mikro
microchemical <> mikro
microchemistry <> mikro
microchip <> mikro
microchips <> mikro
microcircuit <> mikro
microcircuitry <> mikro
microcircuits <> mikro
microcirculation <> mikro
microcirculatory <> mikro
microclimate <> mikro
microclimatic <> mikro
microcline <> mikro
micrococci <> mikro
micrococcus <> mikro
microcode <> mikro
microcolon <> mikro
microcomputer <> mikro
microcomputers <> mikro
microcontroller <> mikro
microcontrollers <> mikro
microcopy <> küçük
microcornea <> mikro
microcosm <> insan
microcosm <> küçük
microcosmic <> mikro
microcosmos <> mikro
microcosms <> mikro
microcrack <> mikro
microcrystalline <> mikro
microcrystals <> mikro
microcuries <> mikro
microcyst <> mikro
microcystic <> mikro
microcytic <> mikro
microcytosis <> mikro
microdeletion <> mikro
microdeletions <> mikro
microdevices <> Mikro
microdialysis <> mikro
microdissection <> mikro
microearthquake <> mikro
microeconomic <> mikro
microeconomics <> mikro
microelectrode <> mikro
microelectrodes <> mikro
microelectronic <> mikro
microelectronics <> mikro
microelement <> mikro
microelements <> mikro
microemulsion <> mikro
microemulsions <> mikro
microencapsulation <> mikro
microencephaly <> mikro
microenvironment <> mikro
microenvironments <> mikro
microevolution <> mikro
microevolutionary <> mikro
microfacies <> mikro
microfauna <> mikro
microfiber <> mikro
microfibers <> mikro
microfibre <> mikro
microfibres <> mikro
microfibrils <> mikro
microfiche <> mikro
microfiches <> mikro
microfilaments <> mikro
microfilaria <> mikro
microfilariae <> mikro
microfilarial <> mikro
microfilm <> mikro
microfilming <> mikro
microfilms <> mikro
microfilter <> mikro
microfiltered <> Mikro
microfilters <> mikro
microflora <> mikro
microflorae <> mikro
microfloras <> mikro
microform <> mikro
microforms <> mikro
microfossil <> mikro
microfossils <> mikro
microfungi <> Mikro
microglia <> mikro
microglial <> mikro
microglobulin <> mikro
micrognathia <> mikro
microgram <> mikro
micrograms <> mikro
microgranite <> mikro
microgranites <> mikro
micrograph <> küçük
micrograph <> mikro
micrographic <> mikro
micrographs <> mikro
microgravity <> mikro
microgroove <> çok
microgroove <> çok 
microhardness <> mikro
microimages <> Micro
microincision <> kesil
microinjection <> Mikro
microinvasive <> mikro
microkernel <> Micro
microlite <> Micro
microliter <> mikro
microliters <> mikro
microlites <> mikro
microlithiasis <> mikro
microlithic <> mikro
microliths <> mikro
microlitic <> mikro
microlitre <> mikro
microlitres <> mikro
microlocal <> Micro
micrologic <> Micro
microlux <> Micro
micromania <> Micro
micromanipulation <> mikro
micromanipulator <> mikro
micromelia <> mikro
micrometastasis <> mikro
micrometastatic <> mikro
micrometer <> mikro
micrometers <> mikro
micrometre <> mikro
micrometres <> mikro
micrometric <> mikro
micromolar <> mikro
micromole <> mikro
micromorphological <> mikro
micromorphology <> mikro
micromotor <> mikro
micron <> mikro
micronesia <> Mikro
micronic <> mikro
micronised <> mikro
micronization <> Mikro
micronize <> mikro
micronized <> mikro
micronizing <> mikro
micronodular <> mikro
microns <> mikro
micronuclei <> mikro
micronucleus <> mikro
micronutrient <> mikro
micronutrients <> mikro
microorganism <> mikro
microorganisms <> mikro
micropalaeontology <> mikro
micropaleontological <> mikro
micropaleontology <> Mikro
microparticle <> mikro
microparticles <> mikro
micropenis <> Mikro
microphone <> mikro
microphones <> mikro
microphotography <> mikro
microphthalmia <> mikro
microphthalmos <> mikro
micropipette <> mikro
micropipettes <> mikro
micropolis <> Micro
micropore <> mikro
micropores <> Micro
microporosity <> mikro
microporous <> mikro
microprint <> mikro
microprism <> micro
microprobe <> mikro
microprocess <> mikro
microprocessed <> Mikro
microprocessing <> Mikro
microprocessor <> mikro
microprocessors <> mikro
microprogram <> mikro
microprogrammed <> mikro
microprogramming <> mikro
micropropagation <> mikro
micropsia <> mikro
micropump <> mikro
micropumps <> mikro
micropylar <> mikro
microsatellite <> Mikro
microsatellites <> Mikro
microscale <> mikro
microscope <> mikro
microscopes <> mikro
microscopial <> Mikro
microscopic <> mikro
microscopical <> mikro
microscopically <> mikro
microscopies <> mikro
microscopy <> mikro
microsecond <> mikro
microseconds <> mikro
microsegregation <> Mikro
microseismic <> mikro
microsomal <> mikro
microsomes <> mikro
microsone <> mikro
microspaces <> mikro
microsphere <> mikro
microspheres <> mikro
microspheric <> mikro
microspora <> micro
microspore <> mikro
microspore <> ufacı
microspores <> mikro
microsporum <> Micro
microstore <> Micro
microstructural <> mikro
microstructure <> mikro
microstructures <> mikro
microsurgeons <> benze
microsurgery <> mikro
microsurgical <> mikro
microsyringe <> mikro
microsystem <> Micro
microsystems <> mikro
microteaching <> mikro
microtechnology <> mikro
microtia <> mikro
microtome <> mikro
microtomes <> Mikro
microtomy <> mikro
microtonal <> mikro
microtubular <> mikro
microtubule <> mikro
microtubules <> mikro
microtunnelling <> Mikro
microtus <> Micro
microvascular <> mikro
microvasculature <> mikro
microvilli <> mikro
microvillus <> mikro
microvolt <> mikro
microvolts <> mikro
microwatt <> mikro
microwave <> mikro
microwaveable <> mikro
microwaved <> mikro
microwaves <> mikro
microwires <> Gerce
microworld <> Micro
mics <> mikro
miction <> Miksi
micturate <> işeme
micturate <> su 
micturition <> işeme
micturition <> sık 
micturition <> su 
mid <> arası
mid <> orta
mid <> ortad
mida <> Mida
midair <> havad
midbrain <> beyni
midcourse <> orta
midday <> öğle
midday <> öğlen
midden <> çöp 
midden <> gübre
midden <> mezbe
middle <> arada
middle <> orta
middle <> ortad
middleaged <> Orta
middlebrow <> az 
middlebrow <> sırad
middleman <> aracı
middleman <> komis
middleman <> madra
middlemen <> kabzı
middlemost <> en 
middlemost <> tam
middlemost <> tam 
middler <> orta
middles <> ortal
middlesex <> Middl
middleweight <> orta
middling <> şöyle
middling <> orta
middlings <> orta
middy <> deniz
midexpiratory <> ekspi
midfield <> orta
midfielder <> orta
midfielders <> orta
midgard <> Midga
midge <> tatar
midge <> titre
midges <> tatar
midget <> cüce
midget <> mini
midget <> minic
midget <> minyo
midget <> ufak
midgets <> Cücel
midgut <> ortab
midheaven <> gök
midi <> baldı
midi <> midi
midian <> Midia
midinette <> tuhaf
midis <> MIDIS
midlake <> Midla
midland <> ülken
midlife <> orta
midline <> orta
midmost <> en 
midmost <> tam
midmost <> tam 
midnight <> gece
midodrine <> midod
midpoint <> göbek
midpoint <> orta
midrange <> orta
midranges <> Orta
midrash <> Eski
midrib <> yapra
midriff <> diafr
mids <> ortal
midshipman <> deniz
midships <> gemi
midships <> gemin
midsize <> orta
midsized <> Orta
midsole <> orta
midspans <> Midsp
midst <> orta
midst <> ortas
midstream <> nehri
midsummer <> yaz
midsummer <> yaz 
midterm <> ara
midterms <> arası
midway <> fuard
midway <> yarı
midweek <> hafta
midwife <> ebe
midwiferies <> ebele
midwifery <> ebeli
midwifes <> ebele
midwinter <> kış 
midwinter <> karak
midwive <> ebe
midwives <> ebele
midyear <> yıl
midyear <> yıl 
mien <> eda
mien <> görün
mien <> surat
mien <> tavır
mien <> yüz
mifepristone <> Mifep
miff <> darıl
miff <> gücen
miff <> küsme
miff <> küstü
miff <> kavga
miff <> keyfi
might <> -abil
might <> -ebil
might <> güç
might <> kuvve
might <> mümkü
might <> olabi
might <> olası
might <> zor
mightier <> Keski
mightiest <> kudre
mightily <> çok 
mightily <> kuvve
mightiness <> güçlü
mighty <> aziz
mighty <> büyük
mighty <> güçlü
mighty <> kuvve
mighty <> muazz
mighty <> pek 
mighty <> zorlu
migmatite <> migma
migmatites <> migma
mignonette <> muhab
migo <> Migo
migraine <> migre
migraine <> yarım
migraines <> migre
migraineurs <> Migre
migrainous <> migre
migrant <> göçeb
migrant <> göçme
migrants <> Göçme
migrate <> göç
migrate <> göç 
migrate <> göçme
migrated <> göç
migrates <> göç
migrating <> göç
migration <> göç
migration <> göçme
migration <> hicre
migrational <> göçme
migrations <> göçle
migrator <> Migra
migratory <> göç
migratory <> göçeb
migratory <> göçme
migratory <> seyya
migs <> MIGS
mihrab <> Mihra
mikado <> Japon
mikado <> mikad
mike <> Micha
mike <> mikro
miking <> mikro
mikra <> Mikra
mil <> bin
mil <> binde
mil <> mil
milady <> İngil
milady <> şık 
milage <> mil
milage <> mil 
milch <> süt 
milch <> sağma
mild <> ılıma
mild <> ılıml
mild <> hafif
mild <> kibar
mild <> nazik
mild <> yumuş
milder <> hafif
mildest <> hafif
mildew <> küf
mildew <> küfle
mildewed <> küf
mildewing <> küf
mildewy <> küflü
mildly <> hafif
mildly <> kibar
mildness <> ılıma
mildness <> ılıml
mildness <> nezak
mildness <> yumuş
mile <> kara
mile <> kilom
mile <> mil
mileage <> km
mileage <> mil 
milepost <> mil
milepost <> mil 
miles <> mil
milestone <> dönüm
milestone <> kilom
milestone <> mil 
milestones <> kilom
milfoil <> civan
miliaria <> Milia
miliary <> Miliy
milieu <> çevre
milieu <> muhit
milieus <> çevre
milieux <> çevre
militancy <> atakl
militancy <> aziml
militancy <> saldı
militant <> atak
militant <> aziml
militant <> kavga
militant <> milit
militant <> saldı
militantly <> saldı
militants <> milit
militar <> Milit
militaria <> Milit
militaries <> asker
militarily <> asker
militarisation <> asker
militarised <> milit
militarism <> asker
militarism <> milit
militarism <> savaş
militarist <> milit
militaristic <> milit
militarists <> milit
militarization <> asker
militarize <> asker
militarized <> milit
militarizes <> milit
militarizing <> milit
military <> asker
military <> ordu
militate <> ağır
militate <> etkil
militia <> milis
militia <> yedek
militiaman <> yedek
militiamen <> Milis
militias <> milis
milium <> milyu
milk <> süt
milk <> sağma
milked <> Sağıl
milker <> süt
milker <> süt 
milkiness <> süt 
milkiness <> uysal
milkiness <> yumuş
milking <> sağım
milking <> sağma
milkings <> sağım
milkmaid <> sütçü
milkmaid <> sağıc
milkmaids <> Sütçü
milkman <> sütçü
milkman <> sağıc
milkmen <> Milkm
milko <> Milko
milks <> sütle
milkshakes <> milks
milksop <> korka
milksop <> lâpac
milksop <> muhal
milkweed <> sütlü
milky <> süt 
milky <> sütlü
milky <> uysal
mill <> çırpm
mill <> çenti
mill <> öğütm
mill <> değir
mill <> dolar
mill <> fabri
mill <> imala
mill <> menge
mill <> tırtı
millboard <> cilt
milldam <> değir
milled <> çekil
milled <> çenti
milled <> öğütü
milled <> kenar
milled <> tırtı
millefiori <> Mille
millenarian <> bin 
millenarian <> binin
millenarism <> bin
millenarism <> bin 
millenary <> bin
millenary <> bin 
millenary <> binin
millennia <> bin
millennial <> bin
millennial <> bin 
millennium <> bin 
millennium <> binyı
millenniums <> Binle
millepede <> kırka
millepore <> deniz
miller <> değir
miller <> perva
millerite <> mille
millers <> değir
milles <> Mille
millesimal <> binde
millet <> akdar
millet <> darı
milliamp <> milia
milliampere <> milia
milliamperes <> milia
milliamps <> milia
milliard <> milya
milliards <> milya
milliary <> mil
milliary <> mile
millibar <> milib
millibars <> milib
millicuries <> milik
millieme <> milye
milliequivalent <> Milie
milligram <> milig
milligramme <> milig
milligrammes <> milig
milligrams <> milig
milliliter <> milil
milliliters <> milil
millilitre <> milil
millilitres <> milil
millimeter <> milim
millimeters <> milim
millimetre <> milim
millimetres <> milim
millimetric <> milim
millimicron <> milim
millimolar <> milim
millimole <> milim
millimoles <> milim
milliner <> şapka
milliner <> kadın
milliner <> tuhaf
millinery <> kadın
millinery <> tuhaf
milling <> değir
milling <> freze
milling <> paran
millings <> freze
million <> milyo
millionaire <> milyo
millionaires <> milyo
millionairess <> milyo
millions <> milyo
millionth <> milyo
millionths <> milyo
millipede <> kırka
millipedes <> kırka
millisecond <> milis
milliseconds <> milis
millisievert <> mili
millitesla <> milit
millivolt <> miliv
milliwatts <> miliw
millman <> Millm
millrace <> değir
mills <> değir
millstone <> değir
millstones <> değir
millstream <> Mills
millwork <> doğra
millwright <> değir
milord <> İngil
milos <> Milos
milquetoast <> çekin
milquetoast <> korka
milquetoast <> sümsü
milt <> balık
milter <> erkek
mime <> mim
mime <> mim 
mime <> pando
mime <> sessi
mime <> takli
mimeograph <> teksi
mimeographed <> teksi
mimesis <> benze
mimesis <> takli
mimetic <> takli
mimic <> benze
mimic <> pando
mimic <> takli
mimicked <> takli
mimicker <> takli
mimickers <> takli
mimicking <> takli
mimicry <> benze
mimicry <> takli
mimics <> takli
miming <> maden
mimosa <> küstü
mimosa <> mimoz
mimosas <> mimoz
mina <> Yunan
mina <> mina
minacious <> korku
minacious <> tehdi
minar <> Minar
minaret <> minar
minarets <> minar
minatory <> korku
minatory <> tehdi
minbar <> minbe
mince <> önems
mince <> ince
mince <> kırıt
mince <> kıyma
minced <> kıyıl
mincemeat <> üzüml
mincemeat <> turta
mincer <> kıyma
minceur <> Mince
mincing <> çıtkı
mincing <> kırıt
mincing <> kıyım
mincing <> kıyma
mind <> önems
mind <> şuur
mind <> akıl
mind <> aldır
mind <> belle
mind <> düşün
mind <> dikka
mind <> endiş
mind <> fikir
mind <> hafız
mind <> istek
mind <> itaat
mind <> kafay
mind <> karşı
mind <> kulak
mind <> us
mind <> zihin
minded <> fikir
minded <> istek
minded <> niyet
mindedness <> fikir
minders <> Günlü
mindfuck <> Mindf
mindful <> düşün
mindful <> dikka
mindful <> unutm
mindfully <> dol
mindfulness <> dikka
minding <> bakım
mindless <> akıls
mindless <> düşün
mindless <> dikka
mindlessly <> serse
minds <> zihin
mindscape <> Minds
mindset <> zihni
mine <> benim
mine <> kazıp
mine <> kazma
mine <> lağım
mine <> maden
mine <> mayın
mine <> memba
mine <> sinsi
mine <> tünel
mine <> torpi
mineable <> işlet
mined <> mayın
minefield <> mayın
minefields <> mayın
minelayer <> mayın
miner <> delik
miner <> lâğım
miner <> maden
miner <> mayın
mineral <> maden
mineral <> miner
mineralisation <> cevhe
mineralisations <> cevhe
mineralised <> miner
mineralising <> miner
mineralization <> cevhe
mineralizations <> cevhe
mineralize <> maden
mineralize <> miner
mineralized <> miner
mineralizing <> cevhe
mineralocorticoid <> miner
mineralocorticoids <> miner
mineralogic <> miner
mineralogical <> miner
mineralogically <> miner
mineralogist <> maden
mineralogist <> miner
mineralogists <> miner
mineralogy <> maden
mineralogy <> miner
minerals <> maden
minerals <> miner
minerals <> sodal
minerological <> miner
minerology <> miner
miners <> maden
minerva <> Miner
minerva <> akıl
mines <> mayın
mineshaft <> maden
minestrone <> etli
minesweeper <> mayın
minesweepers <> Mayın
minesweeping <> mayın
minette <> Mine
minever <> resmi
mineworkers <> maden
mingle <> karış
mingle <> katıl
mingle <> katma
mingled <> karış
mingles <> karış
mingling <> karış
mingy <> cimri
mini <> küçük
mini <> kısa
mini <> mini
mini <> ufak
miniature <> çok 
miniature <> küçüc
miniature <> minya
miniatures <> minya
miniaturisation <> minya
miniaturised <> Minya
miniaturist <> minya
miniaturists <> nakka
miniaturization <> minya
miniaturize <> küçül
miniaturize <> minya
miniaturized <> Minya
minibars <> minib
minibike <> küçük
minibus <> minib
minibuses <> minib
minibusses <> minib
minicab <> küçük
minicabs <> Minic
minicomputer <> mikro
minicomputers <> Orta
minify <> önemi
minify <> küçül
minikin <> küçük
minikin <> ufacı
minilaparotomy <> minil
minilecture <> MİNİK
minim <> damla
minim <> yarım
minima <> Minim
minimal <> asgar
minimal <> en
minimal <> en 
minimalism <> minim
minimalists <> Minim
minimalized <> en
minimally <> minim
minimarket <> minim
minimax <> Minim
minimisation <> minim
minimise <> azalt
minimise <> küçül
minimise <> küçüm
minimised <> minim
minimises <> en
minimising <> minim
minimization <> minim
minimize <> azalt
minimize <> küçül
minimize <> küçüm
minimized <> minim
minimizer <> Küçül
minimizes <> en
minimizing <> minim
minimum <> asgar
minimum <> en
minimum <> en 
minimum <> minim
minimums <> minim
minimus <> Minim
mining <> maden
mining <> mayın
minion <> dalka
minion <> emir
minion <> gözde
minion <> köle
minion <> peyk
minion <> uydu
minions <> kölel
miniscule <> minik
minish <> Minis
miniskirt <> mini
miniskirts <> mini
minister <> bakan
minister <> papaz
minister <> vaiz
minister <> vekil
ministerial <> bakan
ministerial <> orta
ministerial <> papaz
ministeries <> bakan
ministers <> bakan
ministery <> bakan
ministery <> hizme
ministery <> papaz
ministery <> vekil
ministration <> hizme
ministration <> minis
ministries <> Bakan
ministry <> bakan
ministry <> hizme
ministry <> papaz
ministry <> vekil
minitower <> küçük
minium <> kırmı
minium <> parla
minium <> vermi
miniver <> resmi
minivet <> Miniv
mink <> Ameri
mink <> vizon
minke <> Minke
minnesinger <> ortaç
minnow <> golya
minny <> Minny
minocycline <> minos
minor <> ünive
minor <> ikinc
minor <> küçük
minor <> reşit
minorca <> Minor
minorities <> azınl
minority <> azınl
minority <> azlık
minority <> reşit
minors <> küçük
minotaur <> minat
minotaur <> yarı
minoxidil <> minok
minster <> kated
minster <> manas
minstrel <> aşık
minstrel <> ortaç
minstrel <> ozan
minstrels <> ozanl
minstrelsy <> aşıkl
minstrelsy <> ozanl
minstrelsy <> saz 
mint <> darph
mint <> icat
mint <> nane
mint <> para
mint <> uydur
mintage <> basıl
mintage <> para
minted <> darp
minter <> Minte
minters <> Minte
minting <> darb
mints <> darph
minty <> nanel
minuend <> eksil
minuet <> ağır
minuet <> menüe
minus <> çıkar
minus <> çıktı
minus <> aşağı
minus <> eksi
minus <> eksik
minus <> negat
minus <> sıfır
minuscule <> küçük
minuscule <> minik
minuscule <> minis
minuscule <> ufacı
minuses <> eksil
minute <> önems
minute <> an
minute <> ayrın
minute <> dakik
minute <> minik
minute <> saat
minute <> tutan
minute <> ufacı
minute <> zabıt
minutely <> özenl
minutely <> dikka
minutely <> inced
minuteman <> her 
minuteman <> yeral
minuteness <> ufacı
minutes <> dakik
minutes <> kayıt
minutes <> tutan
minutes <> zabıt
minutiae <> önems
minx <> fingi
minx <> sürtü
miocene <> Miyos
miosis <> miyoz
miotic <> miyot
miotics <> miyot
mirabelle <> Mirab
mirable <> Mirab
miracle <> alâme
miracle <> harik
miracle <> keram
miracle <> muciz
miracles <> muciz
miraculous <> muciz
miraculous <> olağa
miraculously <> muciz
mirage <> ılgım
mirage <> serap
mirages <> Bilin
mire <> çamur
mire <> batak
mire <> pisli
mirepoix <> MIREP
mires <> hayal
mirin <> Mirin
miriness <> çamur
mirror <> akset
mirror <> ayna
mirror <> yansı
mirrored <> aynal
mirroring <> yansı
mirrors <> aynal
mirs <> MIRS
mirth <> gülme
mirth <> neşe
mirth <> sevin
mirthful <> şen
mirthful <> neşel
mirthful <> sevin
mirthless <> neşes
miry <> çamur
miry <> batak
miry <> pis
mirza <> mirza
mirza <> prens
misaddressed <> yanlı
misadventure <> aksil
misadventure <> kaza
misadventure <> tersl
misadventures <> Misad
misadvise <> kötü
misaligned <> hizad
misalignment <> hiza
misalignments <> kaçık
misalliance <> uygun
misalliance <> yanlı
misally <> uygun
misally <> yanlı
misanthrope <> insan
misanthropic <> insan
misanthropist <> insan
misanthropy <> insan
misapplication <> yanlı
misapply <> boşa
misapply <> yanlı
misapply <> yerin
misapprehend <> yanıl
misapprehend <> yanlı
misapprehension <> yanıl
misapprehension <> yanlı
misappropriate <> emane
misappropriate <> kötüy
misappropriate <> zimme
misappropriated <> zimme
misappropriating <> zimme
misappropriation <> emane
misappropriation <> güven
misappropriation <> suist
misappropriations <> usuls
misbecome <> uygun
misbegotten <> alçak
misbegotten <> gayri
misbegotten <> piç
misbehave <> edeps
misbehave <> yaram
misbehaved <> davra
misbehaving <> isten
misbehavior <> terbi
misbehavior <> yaram
misbehaviors <> aksak
misbehaviour <> terbi
misbehaviour <> yaram
misbehaviours <> isten
misbelief <> inanç
misbelief <> yanlı
misbelieve <> inanm
misbelieve <> yanlı
misbeliever <> imans
misbeliever <> kâfir
misbelieving <> yanlı
miscalculate <> hesap
miscalculate <> yanlı
miscalculated <> yanlı
miscalculates <> yanlı
miscalculation <> yanlı
miscalculations <> yanlı
miscall <> sövüp
miscall <> yanlı
miscarriage <> çocuk
miscarriage <> başar
miscarriage <> boşa
miscarriage <> düşük
miscarriage <> suya
miscarriages <> düşük
miscarried <> düşür
miscarry <> çocuk
miscarry <> başar
miscarry <> düşük
miscarry <> suya
miscarry <> ters
miscast <> yanlı
miscegenation <> ırkla
miscegenation <> beyaz
miscellanea <> Misce
miscellaneous <> çeşit
miscellaneous <> karış
miscellaneous <> türlü
miscellany <> derle
mischance <> şanss
mischance <> tâlih
mischief <> şeyta
mischief <> fesat
mischief <> hasar
mischief <> hayla
mischief <> yaram
mischief <> zarar
mischievous <> afaca
mischievous <> yaram
mischievous <> zarar
mischievously <> yaram
mischievousness <> yaram
mischoose <> yanlı
mischosen <> yanlı
miscibility <> karış
miscible <> karış
misclassification <> lama
misclassified <> Sınıf
miscoded <> yanlı
miscoding <> yanlı
miscommunication <> ileti
misconceive <> yanlı
misconception <> yanlı
misconceptions <> yanlı
misconduct <> kötü
misconduct <> zina
misconfiguration <> Hatal
misconfigurations <> hatal
misconfigured <> yanlı
misconstruction <> yanlı
misconstrue <> tersi
misconstrue <> yanlı
miscount <> yanlı
miscreant <> imans
miscreant <> kötü
miscreant <> zalim
miscreants <> Miscr
miscreate <> yanlı
miscreated <> yanlı
miscue <> dalgı
miscue <> yanlı
misdate <> yanlı
misdeal <> dağıt
misdeal <> yanlı
misdealing <> yanlı
misdeed <> kötü
misdeed <> kötül
misdeed <> suç
misdeeds <> suçla
misdeem <> yanlı
misdemean <> kötü
misdemeanant <> kabah
misdemeanant <> suçlu
misdemeanor <> kötü
misdemeanor <> suç
misdemeanors <> Misde
misdemeanour <> kötü
misdemeanour <> suç
misdemeanours <> Misde
misdiagnosed <> yanlı
misdiagnoses <> Yanlı
misdiagnosis <> yanlı
misdirect <> yanlı
misdirected <> yanlı
misdirection <> yanlı
misdo <> kötül
misdo <> yanlı
misdoer <> kötül
misdoing <> kötül
misdoubt <> şüphe
mised <> rando
misemploy <> kötüy
misemploy <> suist
miser <> cimri
miser <> parag
miser <> pinti
miserable <> acına
miserable <> berba
miserable <> periş
miserable <> sefil
miserable <> zaval
miserables <> Miser
miserably <> berba
miserably <> sefil
miserere <> Miser
misericorde <> Miser
misericordia <> merha
miseries <> sefal
miserliness <> cimri
miserliness <> parag
miserly <> çok 
miserly <> cimri
miserly <> tamah
misers <> cimri
misery <> ızdır
misery <> acı
misery <> hınzı
misery <> sefal
misery <> yoksu
mises <> Mises
misfeasance <> kötüy
misfed <> Sıkış
misfeed <> yanlı
misfeeding <> hatal
misfeeds <> yanlı
misfire <> anlaş
misfire <> ateş
misfire <> tekle
misfired <> Üreti
misfit <> uymam
misfit <> uymay
misfit <> uyums
misfits <> Misfi
misformed <> Bozuk
misfortune <> şanss
misfortune <> aksil
misfortune <> belâ
misfortune <> felâk
misfortune <> kaza
misfortune <> tâlih
misfortune <> tersl
misfortunes <> talih
misfueling <> YAKIT
misgive <> şüphe
misgive <> kuşku
misgiven <> eksik
misgiving <> korku
misgiving <> kuşku
misgiving <> kurun
misgivings <> kuşku
misgovern <> kötü
misgovernment <> kötü
misguidance <> yanlı
misguide <> başta
misguide <> kötü
misguide <> yanlı
misguided <> yanlı
misguides <> başka
misguiding <> yanıl
mish <> miş
mishandle <> hor
mishandle <> hor 
mishandle <> kötü
mishandling <> ilgil
mishap <> aksil
mishap <> felâk
mishap <> kaza
mishap <> tâlih
mishaps <> aksil
misheard <> yanlı
mishit <> kötü
mishmash <> karış
mishmash <> karma
misidentification <> Yanlı
misinform <> yanlı
misinformation <> yanlı
misinformative <> Yanlı
misinformed <> yanlı
misinterpret <> yanlı
misinterpretation <> yanlı
misinterpretations <> yanlı
misinterpreted <> yanlı
misinterprets <> yanlı
misjudge <> yanlı
misjudgement <> yanlı
misjudgment <> yanlı
mislabeled <> yanlı
mislaid <> koydu
mislay <> kaybe
mislay <> yanlı
mislay <> yerin
mislead <> şaşır
mislead <> yanlı
mislead <> yolda
misleaded <> yanıl
misleading <> şaşır
misleading <> göz 
misleading <> yanıl
misleadingly <> yanlı
misleads <> saptı
misled <> yanıl
mismanage <> idare
mismanage <> kötü
mismanagement <> kötü
mismarriage <> uygun
mismarriage <> yanlı
mismatch <> birbi
mismatch <> uyums
mismatched <> uyums
mismatches <> uyums
mismatching <> eşleş
misname <> ismin
misname <> yanlı
misnomer <> isim
misnomer <> yanlı
misogamist <> evlil
misogamy <> evlil
misogynist <> kadın
misogynistic <> kadın
misogynous <> kadın
misogyny <> kadın
misoneism <> değiş
misoneism <> yenil
misos <> Misos
mispell <> imlâ
mispell <> yanlı
mispell <> yazım
mispelled <> yanlı
mispelling <> yazım
misperception <> yanlı
misperceptions <> yanlı
misplace <> yanlı
misplaced <> yanlı
misplacement <> yanlı
misplay <> hatal
misplay <> yanlı
misprint <> baskı
misprint <> yanlı
misprints <> basım
misprision <> görev
misprision <> küçük
misprision <> suça
misprisions <> küçük
misprize <> hor
misprize <> hor 
misprize <> küçük
mispronounce <> yanlı
mispronunciation <> yanlı
misquotation <> yanlı
misquote <> yanlı
misread <> yanlı
misreading <> yanlı
misreckon <> yanlı
misreported <> hatal
misreporting <> yanlı
misrepresent <> kötü
misrepresent <> yanlı
misrepresentation <> kötü
misrepresentation <> yanlı
misrepresentations <> yanlı
misrepresented <> yanlı
misrepresenting <> yanlı
misrepresents <> gerçe
misrule <> kötü
misrule <> karış
miss <> özlem
miss <> ıska
miss <> ıskal
miss <> arama
miss <> bayan
miss <> eksik
miss <> gözle
miss <> hanım
miss <> isabe
miss <> kız
miss <> kaçır
miss <> karav
miss <> matma
miss <> vuram
missal <> dua
missal <> dua 
missal <> katol
missed <> cevap
missel <> öksea
missense <> misse
misses <> özlüy
misshape <> şekli
misshape <> kötü
misshaped <> çirki
misshapen <> çirki
misshapen <> şekil
misshapen <> biçim
missile <> atıla
missile <> füze
missile <> mermi
missile <> ok
missiles <> füze
missing <> özlem
missing <> eksik
missing <> kaçır
missing <> kayıp
missings <> eksik
mission <> amaç
mission <> elçil
mission <> görev
mission <> heyet
mission <> iş
mission <> ideal
mission <> misyo
mission <> vazif
missionaries <> Misyo
missionary <> misyo
missioner <> misyo
missioners <> misyo
missions <> misyo
missis <> bayan
missis <> hanım
missive <> mektu
missive <> resmi
missive <> tezke
misspell <> imlâ
misspell <> yanlı
misspell <> yazım
misspelled <> yanlı
misspelling <> yazım
misspellings <> imla
misspelt <> Yanlı
misspend <> boşa
misspend <> kötü
misspending <> harca
misspent <> boşa
misstate <> yalan
misstate <> yanlı
misstated <> yanlı
misstatement <> yalan
misstatement <> yanlı
misstatements <> beyan
misstep <> yanlı
missus <> hanım
missy <> küçük
mist <> çisel
mist <> buğu
mist <> buğul
mist <> duman
mist <> karar
mist <> pus
mist <> sis
mist <> sis 
mistake <> başka
mistake <> hata
mistake <> karış
mistake <> yanıl
mistake <> yanlı
mistaken <> hatal
mistaken <> yanlı
mistakenly <> yanlı
mistakes <> hatal
mistaking <> karış
mistaught <> yanlı
misted <> buğul
mister <> bay
mister <> bey
mister <> beyef
misters <> ahşap
mistery <> bilin
mistery <> esrar
mistery <> gizem
mistery <> hikme
mistery <> muamm
mistery <> sır
mistime <> zaman
mistimed <> zaman
mistiness <> sis
mistiness <> sisli
misting <> çisel
mistle <> Ökse
mistletoe <> ökseo
mistletoes <> ÖKSEO
mistral <> karay
mistral <> soğuk
mistranslate <> yanlı
mistranslation <> yanlı
mistreat <> hor 
mistreat <> kötü
mistreated <> kötü
mistreating <> kötü
mistreatment <> hor 
mistreatment <> kötü
mistreats <> kötü
mistress <> öğret
mistress <> bayan
mistress <> hanım
mistress <> müdir
mistress <> metre
mistresses <> metre
mistrial <> hata
mistrust <> şüphe
mistrust <> güven
mistrustful <> şüphe
mistrustful <> güven
mistrustfulness <> güven
mistrusting <> güven
mistrusts <> güven
mistry <> Mistr
mists <> sis
mistura <> Mistu
misty <> belir
misty <> bulan
misty <> hayal
misty <> puslu
misty <> sisli
mistype <> yanlı
mistyped <> yanlı
misunderstand <> ters
misunderstand <> yanlı
misunderstanding <> anlaş
misunderstanding <> geçim
misunderstanding <> yanlı
misunderstandings <> yanlı
misunderstood <> yanlı
misusage <> hor 
misusage <> kötü
misusage <> yanlı
misuse <> hırpa
misuse <> hor 
misuse <> kötüy
misuse <> suist
misuse <> yanlı
misused <> yanlı
misuses <> suist
misusing <> kötüy
mite <> çocuk
mite <> akar
mite <> böcek
mite <> kuruş
mite <> mayt
mite <> ufacı
mite <> zerre
miter <> açıöl
miter <> gönye
miter <> pisko
mitered <> pisko
miters <> ri
mites <> akarl
mithras <> aydın
mithridate <> panze
mithridates <> Mithr
mithridatic <> Mithr
mithridatism <> zehir
mithridatize <> zehir
mitigable <> azalt
mitigable <> hafif
mitigable <> yatış
mitigate <> azalt
mitigate <> hafif
mitigate <> yatış
mitigated <> hafif
mitigates <> azalt
mitigating <> hafif
mitigation <> hafif
mitigations <> azalt
mitigatory <> azalt
mitochondria <> mitok
mitochondrial <> mitok
mitochondrion <> Mitok
mitogen <> mitoj
mitogenic <> mitoj
mitomycin <> mitom
mitoses <> mitoz
mitosis <> karyo
mitosis <> mitoz
mitotic <> mitot
mitotically <> mitot
mitoxantrone <> mitok
mitrailleuse <> makin
mitrailleuse <> mitra
mitral <> kâlp
mitral <> mitra
mitre <> açıöl
mitre <> gönye
mitre <> pisko
mitred <> pisko
mitt <> beysb
mitt <> boks
mitt <> eldiv
mitt <> parma
mitten <> eldiv
mitten <> tek 
mittens <> eldiv
mittent <> kazan
mittimus <> görev
mittimus <> hapis
mittimus <> memur
mitu <> Mitu
mity <> kurtl
mity <> maytl
mitzvah <> sünne
mitzvah <> sevap
mitzvahs <> mitzv
mivacurium <> mivak
mix <> karış
mix <> katma
mix <> kayna
mix <> melez
mix <> uyuşm
mixable <> karış
mixed <> karış
mixed <> karma
mixed <> katış
mixed <> melez
mixer <> karış
mixer <> mikse
mixer <> sokul
mixer <> sosya
mixer <> tanış
mixers <> mikse
mixes <> karış
mixing <> karış
mixing <> karma
mixolydian <> Mixol
mixt <> mikst
mixture <> karış
mixture <> kayna
mixtures <> karış
mixup <> birar
mixy <> Mixy
mizen <> mizan
mizzen <> mizan
mmph <> Tüber
mnemic <> anı
mnemon <> Mnemo
mnemonic <> hafız
mnemonic <> hatır
mnemonics <> hafız
moa <> Yeni
moa <> moa
moan <> inilt
moan <> inlem
moaned <> inled
moaner <> Moane
moaning <> inilt
moaning <> inlem
moaning <> sızla
moans <> inliy
moat <> hende
moat <> kale
moated <> kale
moats <> hende
mob <> çete
mob <> ayakt
mob <> halk
mob <> izdih
mob <> kalab
mob <> topla
mob <> toplu
mobile <> akışk
mobile <> değiş
mobile <> denge
mobile <> gezic
mobile <> harek
mobile <> mobil
mobile <> oynak
mobile <> seyya
mobile <> yer 
mobiles <> cep
mobilisation <> sefer
mobilisations <> sefer
mobilise <> harek
mobilise <> sefer
mobilise <> silâh
mobilised <> sefer
mobilises <> sefer
mobilising <> sefer
mobilities <> harek
mobility <> akışk
mobility <> değiş
mobility <> harek
mobilization <> sefer
mobilizations <> sefer
mobilize <> harek
mobilize <> sefer
mobilize <> silâh
mobilized <> sefer
mobilizer <> Mobil
mobilizes <> sefer
mobilizing <> sefer
mobocracy <> avam
mobocracy <> halk
mobs <> çetel
mobster <> gangs
mobster <> haydu
mobsters <> gangs
moccasin <> kızıl
moccasin <> mokas
moccasin <> zehir
moccasins <> mokas
moch <> Moch
mocha <> kahve
mocha <> koyun
mocha <> moha
mock <> alay
mock <> kalp
mock <> maska
mock <> sahte
mock <> takli
mocked <> alay
mocker <> alayc
mockers <> alay
mockery <> alay
mockery <> takli
mocking <> alayc
mockingbird <> alayc
mockingly <> alay
mocks <> alay
mockups <> örnek
moclobemide <> moklo
mocs <> MOKSL
mod <> şık
mod <> mod
modacrylic <> modak
modal <> şekil
modal <> kip
modal <> makam
modal <> tipik
modalities <> modal
modality <> şekil
modality <> tarz
modality <> yönte
modals <> Kiple
mode <> üslup
mode <> biçim
mode <> kip
mode <> makam
mode <> moda
mode <> modu
mode <> tarz
mode <> tipik
mode <> yönte
model <> örneğ
model <> örnek
model <> biçim
model <> kalıb
model <> kalıp
model <> manke
model <> model
model <> numun
modeled <> model
modeler <> model
modelers <> model
modeling <> biçim
modeling <> model
modelings <> model
modelists <> model
modelled <> model
modellers <> model
modelling <> biçim
modelling <> model
modellings <> model
models <> model
modem <> modem
modems <> modem
moderate <> ölçül
moderate <> ılıma
moderate <> ılıml
moderate <> başka
moderate <> hafif
moderate <> makul
moderate <> orta
moderate <> yatış
moderate <> yumuş
moderated <> moder
moderately <> ılıml
moderately <> az 
moderately <> orta
moderateness <> ılıml
moderates <> ılıml
moderating <> ılıml
moderation <> ölçül
moderation <> ılım
moderation <> ılıml
moderator <> ılıml
moderator <> arabu
moderator <> başka
moderator <> moder
moderators <> moder
modern <> çağcı
modern <> çağda
modern <> bugün
modern <> moder
modernest <> en
modernisation <> moder
modernisation <> yenil
modernise <> moder
modernise <> yenil
modernised <> moder
moderniser <> moder
modernisers <> moder
modernises <> moder
modernising <> moder
modernism <> moder
modernism <> yenil
modernist <> yenil
modernistic <> Moder
modernists <> moder
modernities <> moder
modernity <> çağda
modernity <> moder
modernization <> moder
modernization <> yenil
modernizations <> moder
modernize <> moder
modernize <> yenil
modernized <> moder
modernizers <> moder
modernizes <> yenil
modernizing <> moder
modernly <> moder
modernness <> çağcı
modernness <> moder
moderns <> moder
modes <> modla
modest <> ılıml
modest <> alçak
modest <> göste
modest <> mütev
modest <> namus
modestly <> alçak
modestly <> mütev
modesty <> ılıml
modesty <> alçak
modesty <> göste
modesty <> iffet
modesty <> tevaz
modica <> Modic
modicum <> az
modicum <> az 
modicum <> biraz
modifiability <> değiş
modifiable <> değiş
modificated <> modif
modification <> değiş
modifications <> modif
modified <> modif
modifier <> değiş
modifier <> nitel
modifier <> tamam
modifiers <> düzen
modifies <> değiş
modify <> değiş
modify <> hafif
modify <> nitel
modify <> tamla
modifying <> modif
modish <> moday
modish <> son 
modishly <> moday
modishness <> moday
modiste <> kadın
modiste <> mağaz
modular <> modül
modularised <> modül
modularity <> modül
modularization <> modül
modularized <> modül
modularizing <> modül
modularly <> modül
modulate <> hafif
modulate <> sesi
modulate <> sesin
modulated <> modül
modulates <> modül
modulating <> modül
modulation <> geçiş
modulation <> hafif
modulation <> modül
modulations <> modül
modulator <> modül
modulators <> modül
modulatory <> düzen
module <> esas
module <> kapsü
module <> kip
module <> modül
modules <> modül
moduli <> modül
modulus <> modül
modus <> tarz
modus <> usul
modus <> yönte
mogul <> öneml
mogul <> Hint
mogul <> Moğol
mogul <> yük 
moguls <> Moğol
mohair <> moher
mohair <> tifti
mohawk <> Mohaw
mohel <> ağır
mohel <> didin
mohel <> karga
mohel <> karma
mohel <> uğraş
moho <> Moho
mohur <> Hint
moidore <> Porte
moieties <> kısım
moiety <> hisse
moiety <> parça
moiety <> pay
moiety <> yarı
moil <> ağır
moil <> didin
moil <> karga
moil <> karma
moil <> uğraş
moire <> hare
moire <> harel
moist <> ıslak
moist <> nemli
moist <> rutub
moist <> sulu
moisted <> Nemli
moisten <> ıslat
moisten <> nemle
moistened <> nemli
moistener <> nemle
moisteners <> nemle
moistening <> nemle
moistens <> nemle
moister <> nemli
moistness <> nemli
moistness <> rutub
moisture <> ıslak
moisture <> nem
moisture <> rutub
moistures <> nemle
moisturise <> nemle
moisturised <> nemli
moisturiser <> krem
moisturiser <> nemle
moisturisers <> nemle
moisturises <> nemle
moisturising <> nemle
moisturization <> nemle
moisturize <> ıslat
moisturize <> nemle
moisturized <> nemli
moisturizer <> krem
moisturizer <> nemle
moisturizers <> nemle
moisturizes <> nemle
moisturizing <> nemle
moit <> Sanay
moither <> şaşır
moither <> endiş
moke <> eşek
moke <> zayıf
moke <> zenci
moko <> Moko
mola <> Mola
molality <> molal
molar <> öğütü
molar <> azıdi
molar <> kitle
molar <> molar
molarities <> molar
molarity <> molar
molars <> molar
molas <> Molas
molasse <> molas
molasses <> şeker
molasses <> melas
mold <> şekil
mold <> biçim
mold <> gübre
mold <> humus
mold <> küf
mold <> küfle
mold <> kalıb
mold <> kalıp
mold <> yapı
mold <> yarad
moldboard <> saban
molded <> kalıp
molder <> çürüm
molder <> çürüt
molder <> şekil
molder <> biçim
molder <> dökül
molder <> dökme
molder <> kalıp
moldiness <> küf
moldiness <> küflü
molding <> döküm
molding <> kalıp
molding <> korni
molding <> perva
molding <> süsle
moldings <> perva
molds <> kalıp
moldy <> küflü
moldy <> küfle
mole <> ben
mole <> dalga
mole <> gramm
mole <> köste
mole <> mendi
mole <> mol
molecular <> molek
molecularity <> Molek
molecularly <> molek
molecule <> molek
molecule <> zerre
molecules <> molek
molehill <> önems
molehill <> köste
molerat <> Kör
molerats <> meyda
moles <> benle
moleskin <> köste
moleskin <> pamuk
moleskins <> pamuk
molest <> elle
molest <> sarkı
molest <> taciz
molestation <> sarkı
molestation <> taciz
molested <> taciz
molesters <> taciz
molesting <> taciz
moline <> Molin
molines <> MOLIN
moll <> fahiş
moll <> gangs
moll <> orosp
mollah <> Molla
mollification <> dindi
mollification <> teski
mollification <> yatış
mollify <> gönlü
mollify <> yatış
mollify <> yumuş
mollusc <> molüs
mollusc <> yumuş
mollusca <> Mollu
molluscan <> mollu
molluscs <> yumuş
mollusk <> molüs
mollusk <> yumuş
mollusks <> yumuş
molly <> hanım
molly <> muhal
mollycoddle <> üstün
mollycoddle <> hanım
mollycoddle <> muhal
moloch <> Fenik
moloch <> diken
molossus <> Molos
molt <> deri
molt <> tüy
molt <> tüy 
molten <> dökme
molten <> erimi
molting <> deri
molting <> tüy 
molto <> çok
molto <> molto
molybdate <> molib
molybdenite <> molib
molybdenum <> molib
mom <> anne
moment <> önem
moment <> an
moment <> momen
moment <> nüfuz
momenta <> momen
momentarily <> anlık
momentarily <> bir
momentarily <> bir 
momentarily <> geçic
momentary <> anlık
momentary <> bir 
momentary <> geçic
momently <> bir
momently <> bir 
momently <> her 
momento <> Momen
momentos <> Momen
momentous <> öneml
momentous <> ciddi
momentous <> mühim
momentously <> öneml
momentously <> cidde
momentousness <> ciddi
moments <> anlar
momentum <> momen
momi <> Momi
momism <> anney
mommas <> annem
mommie <> Mommi
mommies <> annel
moms <> annel
momus <> Momus
mon <> Pazar
monachal <> manas
monachism <> manas
monad <> atom
monad <> birim
monad <> monad
monad <> tek 
monad <> zerre
monadelphous <> monad
monadic <> birim
monadic <> monad
monadical <> birim
monadical <> monad
monadism <> monad
monadnock <> Monad
monadology <> Monad
monandrous <> tek
monandrous <> tek 
monandry <> tek
monandry <> tek 
monarch <> hüküm
monarch <> kral
monarch <> padiş
monarchal <> hüküm
monarchial <> krall
monarchic <> krall
monarchical <> krall
monarchies <> krall
monarchist <> kralc
monarchist <> monar
monarchs <> hüküm
monarchy <> hüküm
monarchy <> monar
monasterial <> manas
monasteries <> manas
monastery <> manas
monastic <> keşiş
monastic <> manas
monastical <> manas
monasticism <> manas
monastics <> keşiş
monatomic <> monoa
monaural <> mono
monazite <> monaz
mondain <> Monda
mondaine <> Monda
monde <> çevre
monde <> dünya
monde <> monde
mondegreen <> Monde
mondial <> bütün
mondial <> dünya
mone <> MEB
monecious <> monoi
monecious <> tek 
moner <> Moner
monera <> Moner
monetarism <> monet
monetarists <> monet
monetary <> para
monetary <> paras
monetisation <> para
monetise <> paray
monetization <> para
monetize <> para
monetized <> paray
monetizing <> gelir
money <> para
moneybag <> para
moneybags <> paral
moneybags <> zengi
moneychanger <> sarra
moneyed <> paral
moneyed <> zengi
moneylender <> faizc
moneylender <> tefec
moneylenders <> tefec
moneylending <> faizc
moneyless <> paras
moneymaker <> çok
moneymaker <> çok 
moneymakers <> para
moneys <> paral
moneywort <> karga
monger <> satıc
monger <> tücca
monger <> tacir
mongering <> tücca
mongo <> Mongo
mongol <> Moğol
mongolism <> mongo
mongoloid <> Mongo
mongoloids <> Mongo
mongols <> Moğol
mongoose <> firav
mongrel <> kırma
mongrel <> melez
monial <> MONIA
monie <> Monie
monies <> paral
moniker <> ad
moniker <> isim
moniker <> lakap
monikers <> takma
monilia <> Monil
moniliform <> monil
moniliform <> tespi
monish <> Monis
monism <> birci
monism <> moniz
monist <> moniz
monistic <> moniz
monition <> ihbar
monition <> ihtar
monition <> ikaz
monition <> uyarı
monitor <> ekran
monitor <> etobu
monitor <> gözle
monitor <> izlem
monitor <> monit
monitor <> varan
monitored <> takip
monitorial <> Kalfa
monitoring <> izlem
monitors <> monit
monitory <> Monit
monk <> inziv
monk <> keşiş
monk <> papaz
monk <> rahip
monkery <> manas
monkey <> şahme
monkey <> kurca
monkey <> maymu
monkey <> oynam
monkeys <> maymu
monkeyshines <> şaka
monkeyshines <> dürüs
monkfish <> keler
monkfish <> maymu
monkhood <> keşiş
monkish <> keşiş
monks <> rahip
monkshood <> boğan
monkshood <> kapla
monoamine <> monoa
monoaminergic <> monoa
monoamines <> monoa
monoamniotic <> monoa
monoarticular <> monoa
monobasic <> tekba
monocarboxylic <> monok
monocephalous <> monos
monocephalous <> tekba
monoceros <> Tekbo
monochamus <> Monoc
monochloride <> monok
monochord <> sesöl
monochorionic <> Monok
monochromatic <> tek
monochromatic <> tek 
monochromator <> monok
monochromators <> monok
monochrome <> tek
monochrome <> tek 
monocle <> monok
monocle <> tek 
monoclinal <> monok
monocline <> Monok
monoclinic <> monok
monoclonal <> monok
monocoque <> monok
monocots <> biçen
monocotyledon <> monok
monocotyledon <> tek 
monocotyledones <> Monoc
monocotyledonous <> tek
monocrystal <> monok
monocrystalline <> monok
monocular <> tek
monocular <> tek 
monoculars <> monok
monocultural <> monok
monoculture <> monok
monocultures <> monok
monocyclic <> monos
monocyte <> monos
monocytes <> monos
monocytic <> monos
monocytosis <> monos
monody <> ses 
monody <> tek
monody <> tek 
monoethyl <> monoe
monofilaments <> monof
monogamic <> tek
monogamist <> tek
monogamist <> tek 
monogamous <> tekeş
monogamously <> tekeş
monogamy <> monog
monogamy <> tekeş
monogastric <> monog
monogenesis <> insan
monogenesis <> tüm 
monogenetic <> monoj
monogenic <> monog
monoglycerides <> Monog
monogram <> baş 
monogram <> monog
monogram <> yaptı
monogrammed <> desen
monograms <> monog
monograph <> monog
monograph <> tek 
monographed <> monog
monographic <> monog
monographies <> monog
monographs <> monog
monography <> monog
monogynous <> tek
monogynous <> tek 
monohull <> tek
monohulls <> Monoh
monohydrate <> tek
monohydrate <> tek 
monohydric <> monoh
monohydroxy <> monoh
monokini <> tek
monokini <> tek 
monolingual <> tek
monolith <> tek 
monolith <> yekpa
monolithic <> tek 
monolithic <> yekpa
monolithically <> monol
monoliths <> Yekpa
monologue <> monol
monologues <> monol
monomania <> sabit
monomania <> sapla
monomaniac <> sabit
monomaniac <> sapla
monomelic <> Monom
monomeric <> monom
monomers <> monom
monometallic <> monom
monometer <> Manom
monomethyl <> monom
monometric <> Manom
monomial <> tek
monomial <> tek 
monomolecular <> tek
monomolecular <> tek 
monomorphic <> monom
mononeuritis <> monon
mononeuropathy <> nörop
mononitrate <> monon
mononuclear <> monon
mononucleated <> monon
mononucleosis <> monon
monooxygenases <> monoo
monophagous <> tek
monophase <> monof
monophasia <> monof
monophasic <> monof
monophobia <> yalnı
monophonic <> monof
monophosphate <> monof
monophthong <> tek
monophthong <> tek 
monophyletic <> monof
monophysite <> Monof
monophysites <> Monof
monophysitism <> Monop
monoplane <> tek
monoplane <> tek 
monoplegia <> monop
monopods <> Monop
monopole <> monop
monopolies <> tekel
monopolise <> tekel
monopolised <> tekel
monopolising <> tekel
monopolism <> tekel
monopolist <> tekel
monopolistic <> tekel
monopolistically <> tekel
monopolization <> tekel
monopolize <> tekel
monopolized <> tekel
monopolizing <> tekel
monopoly <> tekel
monopotassium <> monop
monopsony <> Monop
monorail <> tek
monorail <> tek 
monorails <> monor
monos <> Monos
monosaccharide <> monos
monosaccharides <> monos
monosodium <> monos
monosomy <> monoz
monospaced <> boşlu
monospecific <> monos
monostable <> tek
monostearate <> monos
monostotic <> monos
monosyllabic <> tek
monosyllabic <> tek 
monosyllable <> tek
monosyllable <> tek 
monosymptomatic <> monos
monoterpene <> monot
monoterpenes <> monot
monotheism <> monot
monotheism <> tekta
monotheist <> tekta
monotheistic <> tek
monotheistic <> tek 
monotherapies <> monot
monotherapy <> monot
monothioglycerol <> monot
monotone <> monot
monotone <> tekdü
monotonic <> monot
monotonically <> monot
monotonous <> monot
monotonous <> tekdü
monotonously <> monot
monotony <> monot
monotony <> tekdü
monotony <> yekne
monotype <> monot
monotype <> tek
monotype <> tek 
monotypic <> monot
monounsaturated <> tekli
monovision <> Monov
monoxide <> monok
monozygotic <> monoz
monsieur <> bay
monsieur <> bey
monsieur <> mösyö
monsignor <> Monse
monsoon <> mevsi
monsoon <> muson
monsoons <> muson
monster <> canav
monster <> dev
monster <> kocam
monster <> ucube
monsteras <> Mönst
monsters <> canav
monstrosities <> canav
monstrosity <> canav
monstrous <> azman
monstrous <> canav
monstrous <> korku
monstrously <> canav
montage <> monta
montaged <> monta
montaging <> monta
montaigne <> Monta
montane <> dağ
montane <> dağla
montanes <> Monta
monte <> İspan
monteith <> Monte
montelimar <> MONTE
montero <> av
montes <> Monte
montgolfier <> Montg
month <> ay
monther <> Month
monthlong <> Aylar
monthly <> ayda
monthly <> aylık
months <> ay
montmorillonite <> montm
montoir <> Monto
monton <> Monto
montre <> Montr
monts <> MONTS
monument <> abide
monument <> anıt
monumental <> anıts
monumental <> devas
monumental <> heybe
monumentality <> anıts
monumentally <> heybe
monuments <> anıtl
mony <> Mony
monzonite <> monzo
monzonites <> monzo
monzonitic <> monzo
moo <> böğür
mooch <> çalma
mooch <> aşırm
mooch <> aptal
mooch <> beleş
mood <> hava
mood <> kip
mood <> ruh
mood <> ruh 
moodiest <> kapri
moodiness <> aksil
moodiness <> huysu
moods <> aksil
moods <> gıcık
moods <> kıllı
moods <> ruh
moods <> tersl
moody <> aksi
moody <> bunal
moody <> denge
moody <> huysu
moody <> kıl
moody <> karam
mooing <> böğür
mool <> Mool
moola <> Moola
moolah <> Moola
moomoo <> Moomo
moon <> Ay
moon <> ay
moon <> dalgı
moon <> kamer
moon <> mehta
moonbeam <> ay
moonbeam <> ay 
moonbeams <> Ay
moonbow <> Moonb
mooncalf <> doğuş
mooneye <> dişli
moonflower <> Moonf
moonless <> aysız
moonlight <> ay 
moonlight <> mehta
moonlighter <> ikinc
moonlighting <> ek 
moonlighting <> ikinc
moonlit <> mehta
moonphase <> Ay
moonraker <> Moonr
moonrise <> ayın
moonrock <> aydan
moonrock <> aytaş
moonrocks <> Moonr
moons <> uydul
moonscape <> ay
moonscape <> ay 
moonset <> ayın
moonshell <> Moons
moonshine <> ay 
moonshine <> boş 
moonshine <> kaçak
moonshine <> mehta
moonshine <> saçma
moonshiner <> Moons
moonshot <> aya
moonshot <> aya 
moonstone <> aytaş
moonstruck <> çılgı
moonwalk <> ayda
moonwalker <> Moonw
moony <> ay 
moony <> dalgı
moor <> Faslı
moor <> Kuzey
moor <> bozkı
moor <> demir
moor <> kır
moor <> palam
moorage <> demir
moorage <> gemi
moorfowl <> orman
mooring <> demir
moorings <> şaman
moorings <> gemi
moorings <> palam
moorish <> Fas'a
moorland <> bozkı
moorland <> kır
moorlands <> batak
moorman <> Moorm
moors <> şaman
moors <> dubal
moors <> palam
moose <> Ameri
moose <> Kanad
moot <> münaz
moot <> tartı
mop <> iplik
mop <> karış
mop <> paspa
mop <> surat
mop <> yüzün
mop <> yüz 
mope <> üzgün
mope <> üzmek
mope <> canı
mope <> sıkıc
mope <> sıkma
moped <> moped
moped <> motos
mopeds <> moped
mopes <> üzünt
mopes <> dert
mopes <> sıkın
mopes <> tasa
mopier <> Mopie
mopish <> gamlı
mopish <> kasve
mopoke <> benek
mopped <> sildi
moppet <> çocuk
moppet <> moppe
mopping <> siler
mops <> bezle
moquette <> yünlü
morae <> Morae
moraine <> buzul
moraine <> moren
moraines <> moren
moral <> ahlâk
moral <> dürüs
moral <> kıssa
moral <> manev
moral <> meden
moral <> törel
morale <> manev
morale <> moral
moralising <> moral
moralist <> ahlâk
moralist <> töreb
moralistic <> ahlak
moralists <> ahlak
moralities <> ahlak
morality <> ahlâk
morality <> törel
moralization <> ahlâk
moralize <> ahlâk
morally <> ahlâk
morally <> manev
morals <> özdey
morals <> ahlâk
morals <> ders
morals <> töre
morass <> batak
morass <> sazlı
morat <> Morat
moratorium <> borçl
moratorium <> morat
moratory <> borçl
moray <> muran
morbid <> hasta
morbid <> maraz
morbidities <> morbi
morbidity <> hasta
morbidity <> morbi
morbidly <> maraz
morbidness <> hasta
morbidness <> maraz
morbilliform <> morbi
morbillivirus <> Morbi
mordacious <> alayc
mordacious <> iğnel
mordacious <> keski
mordacity <> keski
mordancy <> keski
mordant <> bakır
mordant <> dokun
mordant <> içe 
mordant <> içine
mordant <> iğnel
mordant <> renk
mordanting <> morda
mordants <> morda
mordent <> melod
mordent <> morda
mordente <> Morde
more <> çok
more <> bir 
more <> daha
more <> fazla
moreen <> bir
morel <> kuzum
morel <> siyah
moreland <> Morel
morello <> vişne
morels <> Morel
morendo <> tutuk
moreover <> üstel
moreover <> bir 
moreover <> bunda
moreover <> dahas
moreover <> diğer
mores <> adetl
mores <> gelen
mores <> törel
moresque <> Fas
moresque <> Mağri
morganatic <> dengi
morgans <> Morga
morgenstern <> Morge
morgue <> morg
morgues <> morgl
moria <> Moria
morian <> Moria
moribund <> ölmek
moribund <> can
moribund <> can 
moric <> Moric
morice <> Moric
morinda <> Morin
morion <> miğfe
morn <> sabah
morn <> yarın
mornay <> Morna
morne <> Morne
morning <> başla
morning <> sabah
mornings <> Sabah
morningstar <> Morni
morocco <> Fas
moroccos <> Moroc
moron <> geri
moron <> moron
morone <> Moron
moronic <> geri
morons <> moron
morose <> asık
morose <> somur
morose <> surat
morosely <> surat
moroseness <> surat
morosity <> somur
morpheme <> morfe
morphemes <> ekler
morphemic <> biçim
morpheus <> Morfe
morpheus <> morph
morpheus <> rüya
morphia <> morfi
morphic <> morfi
morphine <> morfi
morphinism <> morfi
morphinomaniac <> morfi
morphism <> metam
morpho <> morfo
morphogenesis <> morfo
morphogenetic <> morfo
morphogenetically <> morfo
morphogenic <> morfo
morphologic <> morfo
morphological <> morfo
morphologically <> morfo
morphologies <> morfo
morphology <> şekil
morphology <> morfo
morphometric <> morfo
morphometrically <> morfo
morphometry <> morfo
morphos <> Morph
morphosis <> Morph
morphotype <> morfo
morphotypes <> morfo
morra <> Morra
morris <> bahar
morrow <> ertes
morrow <> sabah
morrow <> yarın
morrows <> Yarın
morse <> Mors
morsel <> lokma
morsel <> parça
mort <> üç 
mort <> av
mort <> av 
mortal <> ölüm
mortal <> ölümc
mortal <> ölüml
mortal <> öldür
mortal <> fani
mortal <> insan
mortalities <> ölüm
mortality <> ölüm
mortality <> ölüml
mortality <> insan
mortality <> morta
mortally <> ölece
mortally <> ciddi
mortally <> dehşe
mortals <> ölüml
mortar <> harç
mortar <> havan
mortar <> sıva
mortarboard <> ünive
mortarboard <> harç
mortarboard <> kep
mortared <> harçl
mortars <> harçl
mortgage <> ipote
mortgage <> rehin
mortgaged <> ipote
mortgagee <> ipote
mortgages <> ipote
mortgaging <> rehin
mortgagor <> ipote
mortice <> delik
mortice <> yuva
mortice <> zıvan
mortician <> cenaz
mortification <> aşağı
mortification <> kangr
mortification <> onuru
mortify <> incit
mortify <> kangr
mortify <> utand
mortise <> delik
mortise <> yuva
mortise <> zıvan
mortisers <> Zıvan
mortises <> zıvan
mortising <> zıvan
mortuaries <> Morgl
mortuary <> ölüm
mortuary <> ölüme
mortuary <> morg
morus <> Morus
mos <> ecek
mosaic <> Musa
mosaic <> Musa'
mosaic <> mozai
mosaicism <> mozai
mosaicist <> mozai
mosaicking <> mozai
mosaics <> mozai
mosel <> Mosel
moses <> Musa
mosey <> ayrıl
mosey <> dolaş
mosey <> gezin
moshav <> Mosha
mosher <> Moshe
mosque <> cami
mosque <> mesci
mosques <> cami
mosquito <> sivri
mosquitoes <> sivri
mosquitos <> Sivri
moss <> batak
moss <> karay
moss <> liken
moss <> yosun
mossback <> örümc
mossback <> yosun
mosser <> Mosse
mosses <> karay
mosstrooper <> batak
mossy <> yosun
most <> çoğu
most <> en
most <> en 
most <> pek 
mostly <> çoğun
mostly <> başlı
mostly <> genel
mot <> nükte
mote <> toz 
mote <> zerre
motel <> motel
motels <> motel
motes <> zerre
motet <> müzik
moth <> güve
moth <> perva
mothballs <> nafta
mother <> ana
mother <> anne
mother <> annel
mother <> valid
motherboard <> anaka
motherboards <> anaka
mothercare <> Mothe
mothered <> annel
motherfucker <> orosp
motherfuckers <> orosp
motherfucking <> anası
motherhood <> analı
motherhood <> annel
mothering <> annel
motherland <> memle
motherland <> vatan
motherlands <> anava
motherless <> öksüz
motherless <> anası
motherless <> annes
motherlike <> ana 
motherlike <> anne
motherlode <> Mothe
motherly <> ana
motherly <> ana 
mothers <> annel
mothproof <> güve
moths <> keleb
moths <> pulka
mothy <> güve
mothy <> güvel
motif <> örge
motif <> motif
motifs <> motif
motile <> harek
motile <> kendi
motilities <> motil
motility <> motil
motion <> önerg
motion <> devin
motion <> el 
motion <> harek
motion <> tekli
motional <> devin
motioned <> işare
motioning <> Motio
motionless <> harek
motions <> harek
motivate <> harek
motivate <> motiv
motivated <> motiv
motivates <> motiv
motivating <> motiv
motivation <> dürtü
motivation <> güdü
motivation <> harek
motivation <> motiv
motivational <> motiv
motivations <> motiv
motivator <> motiv
motivators <> motiv
motive <> âmil
motive <> dürtü
motive <> güdü
motive <> harek
motive <> neden
motived <> motiv
motiveless <> neden
motives <> motif
motivity <> harek
motivity <> tahri
motley <> çeşit
motley <> karış
motley <> rengâ
motley <> renk
motley <> uyums
motoneuron <> moton
motoneuronal <> moton
motoneurons <> motör
motor <> araba
motor <> harek
motor <> makin
motor <> motor
motor <> otomo
motorbike <> motos
motorbikes <> motos
motorboat <> motor
motorboats <> motor
motorbus <> otobü
motorcade <> konvo
motorcar <> araba
motorcar <> otomo
motorcycle <> motos
motorcycles <> motos
motorcycling <> motos
motorcyclist <> motos
motorcyclists <> motos
motored <> motor
motoric <> motor
motoring <> otomo
motorisation <> motor
motorise <> motor
motorised <> motor
motorist <> araba
motorist <> otomo
motorists <> sürüc
motorization <> motor
motorize <> motor
motorized <> motor
motorless <> motor
motorman <> Başma
motors <> motor
motorway <> asfal
motorway <> ekspr
motorway <> karay
motorway <> otoba
motorway <> otoyo
motorways <> Otoyo
mott <> Mott
motte <> höyük
mottle <> benek
mottle <> leke
mottle <> lekel
mottled <> alaca
mottled <> benek
mottling <> benek
motto <> özlü
motto <> arma
motto <> parol
motto <> sloga
motto <> veciz
mottos <> Motto
motus <> Motus
mouch <> Mouch
moufflon <> muflo
moufflon <> yaban
mouflon <> muflo
mouflon <> yaban
moujik <> Rus
moujik <> Rus 
moujik <> mujik
moulage <> mulaj
moulage <> suç 
mould <> şekil
mould <> biçim
mould <> gübre
mould <> humus
mould <> küf
mould <> küfle
mould <> kalıb
mould <> kalıp
mould <> yapı
mould <> yarad
mouldboard <> saban
moulded <> kalıp
moulder <> çürüm
moulder <> çürüt
moulder <> şekil
moulder <> biçim
moulder <> dökül
moulder <> dökme
moulder <> kalıp
moulders <> freze
mouldiness <> küf
mouldiness <> küflü
moulding <> döküm
moulding <> kalıp
moulding <> korni
moulding <> perva
moulding <> süsle
mouldings <> perva
moulds <> kalıp
mouldy <> küflü
mouldy <> küfle
mouline <> Mouli
moulins <> Mouli
moult <> deri
moult <> tüy
moult <> tüy 
moulting <> deri
moulting <> tüy
moulting <> tüy 
moun <> dağlı
mound <> öbek
mound <> tümse
mound <> tepec
mound <> topra
mound <> yığın
mounded <> Gömül
mounds <> Höyük
mount <> çıkma
mount <> çerçe
mount <> üzeri
mount <> altlı
mount <> bindi
mount <> binek
mount <> binme
mount <> düzen
mount <> dağ
mount <> dayan
mount <> monte
mount <> mount
mount <> oturt
mount <> tepe
mountable <> monte
mountain <> dağ
mountaineer <> dağa
mountaineer <> dağcı
mountaineer <> dağlı
mountaineering <> dağcı
mountaineers <> dağcı
mountainous <> dağ 
mountainous <> dağlı
mountains <> dağla
mountainside <> dağın
mountainsides <> dağ
mountaintop <> dağın
mountaintops <> Mount
mountainy <> dağ 
mountainy <> dağlı
mountebank <> şarla
mounted <> atlı
mounted <> binmi
mounted <> kakma
mounted <> mukav
mounted <> takıl
mounteth <> yere,
mountie <> atlı
mounting <> altlı
mounting <> binme
mounting <> deste
mounting <> monta
mountings <> monta
mounts <> bağla
mourn <> ağlam
mourn <> matem
mourn <> yas 
mourne <> Morne
mourned <> yas
mourner <> matem
mourner <> yaslı
mourners <> yas
mournful <> hazin
mournful <> keder
mournful <> yaslı
mournfully <> keder
mourning <> ağıt
mourning <> acılı
mourning <> karal
mourning <> matem
mourning <> yas
mournings <> ağıtl
mourns <> yasta
mousaka <> musak
mouse <> fare
mouse <> mouse
mouse <> sıçan
mousehole <> fare
mousepad <> Mouse
mousepads <> Mouse
mouser <> avcı
mouses <> farel
mousetrap <> fare
mousetrap <> kalit
mousetraps <> Fare
mousey <> mouse
mousquetaires <> Mousq
moussaka <> musak
mousse <> çırpı
mousse <> köpük
mousse <> saç 
mousses <> köpük
moust <> Moust
moustache <> bıyık
moustached <> bıyık
moustaches <> bıyık
mousy <> çekin
mousy <> ürkek
mousy <> fare
mousy <> mahçu
mouth <> ağız
mouth <> dudak
mouth <> geme
mouth <> haliç
mouth <> surat
mouth <> tane
mouthed <> ağızl
mouthfeel <> ağız
mouthful <> ağız
mouthful <> lokma
mouthful <> söyle
mouthfuls <> yudum
mouthguard <> dişli
mouthily <> gevez
mouthiness <> gevez
mouthparts <> ağız
mouthpiece <> ağızl
mouthpiece <> avuka
mouthpiece <> sözcü
mouthpieces <> ağızl
mouths <> ağızl
mouthwash <> garga
mouthwashes <> garga
mouthwatering <> Mouth
mouthy <> ağzı
mouthy <> gevez
mouton <> işlen
movable <> menku
movable <> oynat
movable <> taşın
movables <> menku
move <> hamle
move <> harek
move <> ilerl
move <> kımıl
move <> kıpır
move <> nakil
move <> oynam
move <> oynat
move <> taşın
move <> tahri
move <> tekli
move <> yer 
moveable <> taşın
moved <> etkil
moved <> taşın
movement <> akım
movement <> bağır
movement <> harek
movement <> işlem
movement <> manev
movements <> harek
mover <> harek
mover <> nakli
mover <> taşıy
movers <> Mover
moves <> hamle
movie <> film
movie <> sinem
moviegoer <> Movie
movieland <> Movie
moviemaker <> yapım
moviemakers <> film
moviemaking <> film
movies <> filml
movies <> sinem
moving <> dokun
moving <> etkil
moving <> harek
moving <> oynam
moving <> taşın
movingly <> dokun
mow <> biçme
mowe <> Möwe
mower <> biçme
mower <> makin
mower <> orakç
mower <> tırpa
mowers <> biçme
mowing <> biçme
mown <> biçil
moxibustion <> yakı
moxie <> Moxie
moyles <> Moyle
mozzarella <> Mozza
mozzarella <> mozza
mozzarellas <> mozza
much <> çokça
much <> çok
much <> çok 
much <> öneml
much <> fazla
much <> hayli
much <> hemen
much <> pek
muchachos <> Mucha
muchness <> çoklu
mucic <> Muciç
mucilage <> zamk
mucilages <> müsil
mucilaginous <> yapış
mucilaginous <> zamk
mucilaginous <> zamkl
mucin <> müsin
mucinosis <> Musin
mucinous <> müsin
mucins <> müsin
muck <> çamur
muck <> gübre
muck <> pisle
muck <> pisli
mucker <> ağır
mucker <> kaba
muckle <> çok
muckle <> çok 
muckle <> büyük
muckrake <> rezal
muckrake <> skand
muckraker <> Muckr
mucky <> pis
mucocele <> mukos
mucoceles <> mukos
mucociliary <> mukos
mucocutaneous <> mukok
mucoepidermoid <> mukoe
mucoid <> sümük
mucolytic <> mukol
mucopeptide <> mukop
mucopolysaccharides <> mukop
mucopolysaccharidosis <> Mukop
mucoproteins <> trake
mucopurulent <> mükop
mucor <> Mucor
mucoraceae <> hasta
mucormycosis <> mukor
mucosa <> mukoz
mucosal <> mukoz
mucosas <> mukoz
mucositis <> mukoz
mucous <> balga
mucous <> mukus
mucous <> sümük
mucus <> balga
mucus <> sümük
mud <> çamur
mudbaths <> Çamur
mudder <> Mudde
muddiness <> çamur
muddiness <> bulan
muddle <> şaşkı
muddle <> becer
muddle <> karış
muddle <> serse
muddle <> yüzün
muddleheaded <> serse
muddler <> karış
muddling <> serse
muddy <> çamur
muddy <> anlaş
muddy <> bulan
mudejar <> Mudéj
mudflap <> Mudfl
mudflaps <> çamur
mudflat <> Çamur
mudflow <> Çamur
mudguard <> çamur
mudguards <> çamur
mudrock <> Çamur
mudrocks <> çamur
muds <> çamur
mudslide <> topra
mudslides <> çamur
mudslinger <> çamur
mudslinging <> çamur
mudstone <> çamur
mudstones <> çamur
muenster <> Muens
muesli <> müsli
muezzin <> müezz
muezzins <> Müezz
muff <> acemi
muff <> becer
muff <> boru
muff <> el 
muff <> manşo
muffin <> çörek
muffin <> kek
muffle <> sarın
muffle <> sesi
muffled <> örtül
muffler <> atkı
muffler <> sustu
mufflers <> kaşko
muffling <> kötüy
mufti <> müftü
mufti <> sivil
muftis <> müftü
mug <> çok 
mug <> barda
mug <> eşkıy
mug <> enayi
mug <> fotoğ
mug <> herif
mug <> inek
mug <> inekl
mug <> komik
mug <> kulpl
mug <> kupa
mug <> maymu
mug <> surat
mug <> zevze
mugged <> saldı
mugger <> Hint
mugger <> haydu
mugger <> soygu
mugginess <> bunal
mugginess <> sıcak
mugging <> gasp
mugging <> saldı
muggins <> ahmak
muggins <> enayi
muggles <> Muggl
muggs <> Muggs
muggy <> bunal
muggy <> kapal
muggy <> nemli
muggy <> sıcak
mugil <> Mugil
mugilidae <> Mugil
mugs <> kupal
mugshot <> MugSh
mugwort <> pelin
mugwump <> asi
mugwump <> bağım
mugwump <> kendi
muhly <> Muhly
muil <> Muil
muir <> Muir
mujaheddin <> mücah
mujahedeen <> mücah
mujahedin <> Mücah
mujahideen <> mücah
mujik <> Rus
mujik <> Rus 
mujik <> mujik
mukhtar <> Muhta
mukhtars <> muhta
mulatto <> melez
mulatto <> zenci
mulberries <> dut
mulberry <> dut
mulberry <> dut 
mulch <> kuru
mulch <> saman
mulching <> malçl
mulct <> çarpm
mulct <> mahru
mulct <> para
mule <> inatç
mule <> ip 
mule <> katır
mule <> terli
mule <> trakt
mules <> katır
muleteer <> katır
muley <> boynu
muliebrity <> kadın
mulish <> inatç
mulish <> katır
mulishly <> inatl
mulishness <> inatç
mull <> şarab
mull <> ince
mull <> organ
mulla <> Mulla
mullah <> molla
mullahs <> molla
mullein <> sığır
mullens <> Mulle
muller <> havan
mullers <> Mulle
mullet <> tekir
mullets <> Kefal
mulligans <> Mulli
mulling <> diret
mullion <> tiriz
mullite <> mulli
mullock <> çöp
mulls <> diret
multangular <> çok
multangular <> çok 
multeity <> çoklu
multiangular <> çok
multiangular <> çok 
multiaxial <> çok
multicar <> MULTI
multicell <> çok
multicelled <> çok
multicellular <> çok
multicellular <> çok 
multicenter <> çok
multicentric <> multi
multichannel <> Çok
multicharacter <> çok
multicollector <> çoklu
multicollinearity <> çoklu
multicolor <> çok
multicolored <> çok
multicolored <> çok 
multicolored <> alaca
multicolored <> rengâ
multicolored <> renk
multicolour <> çok
multicoloured <> çok
multicoloured <> çok 
multicoloured <> alaca
multicoloured <> rengâ
multicoloured <> renk
multicomponent <> Çok
multicultural <> çok
multiculturalism <> çok
multiculturalist <> çokkü
multiculturalists <> çokkü
multicurrency <> Çoklu
multicystic <> multi
multideck <> teşhi
multidimensional <> çok
multidimensional <> çok 
multidimensionality <> çok
multidirectional <> çok
multidisciplinary <> multi
multidiscipline <> multi
multidose <> Çok
multidrug <> ilaca
multiethnic <> ırklı
multifaceted <> çok
multifactor <> çok
multifactorial <> multi
multifarious <> çeşit
multifilament <> multi
multiflorous <> çok
multiflorous <> çok 
multifocal <> multi
multiform <> çok
multiform <> çok 
multiform <> çokbi
multiformat <> mülti
multifrequency <> multi
multifunction <> çok
multifunctional <> çok
multigene <> multi
multigenic <> multi
multigrade <> Birle
multigrain <> tahıl
multigrid <> Multi
multihull <> katam
multijet <> Multi
multilateral <> çok
multilateral <> çok 
multilateralism <> çok
multilaterally <> çok
multilayer <> çok
multilayered <> çok
multilayers <> çok
multilevel <> çok
multilinear <> çoklu
multilingual <> çok
multilingual <> çok 
multilingualism <> çok
multilobar <> multi
multilobular <> multi
multilocular <> multi
multimedia <> multi
multimeter <> multi
multimeters <> multi
multimillion <> multi
multimillionaire <> multi
multimillionaires <> Multi
multimodal <> modlu
multimodality <> Multi
multimode <> Multi
multinational <> çok
multinational <> çok 
multinationals <> çok
multinodular <> multi
multinomial <> Multi
multinuclear <> multi
multinucleated <> Multi
multipack <> çok
multipack <> çok 
multipacks <> Çoklu
multipage <> Birde
multipara <> multi
multiparameter <> çok
multiparas <> multi
multiparity <> multi
multiparous <> çok
multiparous <> çok 
multipartite <> Çok
multiparty <> çok
multipath <> çoklu
multiphase <> çok
multiphase <> çok 
multiphasic <> multi
multiplane <> çok
multiplane <> çok 
multiple <> çoklu
multiple <> birço
multiple <> kat
multiple <> katlı
multiple <> katsa
multiples <> katla
multiplet <> multi
multiplets <> multi
multiplex <> çok 
multiplex <> kat 
multiplex <> katme
multiplex <> multi
multiplexed <> çoğul
multiplexers <> çokla
multiplexing <> çokla
multiplexor <> çokla
multiplicand <> çarpı
multiplication <> çarpm
multiplication <> çoğal
multiplications <> çarpı
multiplicative <> çarpı
multiplicator <> Multi
multiplicities <> çoklu
multiplicity <> çeğit
multiplicity <> çeşit
multiplicity <> çoklu
multiplied <> çarpı
multiplier <> çarpa
multipliers <> çarpa
multiplies <> çarpa
multiply <> çarpm
multiply <> çoğal
multiply <> türem
multiplying <> çarpı
multipoint <> çoklu
multipolar <> çok
multipolarity <> çok
multiport <> yollu
multipower <> Multi
multiprocess <> çok
multiprocessing <> çoklu
multiprocessor <> çok
multiprocessors <> çoklu
multipurpose <> çok
multipurpose <> çok 
multiracial <> çok
multiracial <> çok 
multiregional <> multi
multireligious <> çok
multiroom <> Multi
multisectoral <> çok
multisensory <> çoklu
multiservice <> çoklu
multisite <> Birde
multisource <> artar
multispectral <> multi
multisport <> Multi
multistage <> kadem
multistep <> basam
multistorey <> çok
multistory <> çok
multisystem <> multi
multitask <> çoklu
multitasker <> çoklu
multitasks <> çok
multithread <> Multi
multithreaded <> okuyu
multithreading <> çoklu
multitone <> çok
multitude <> çoklu
multitude <> izdih
multitude <> kalab
multitudes <> yığın
multitudinous <> çok
multitudinous <> kalab
multiuser <> çok
multivalent <> multi
multivalued <> çok
multivalve <> çoklu
multivariable <> Çok
multivariate <> çok
multivendor <> çok
multivesicular <> multi
multivibrator <> multi
multivibrators <> multi
multivision <> multi
multivitamins <> multi
multivolume <> ciltl
multiyear <> yıllı
mum <> anne
mum <> dilsi
mum <> hanım
mum <> kasım
mum <> maske
mum <> sessi
mum <> sus
mum <> tatlı
mumble <> gevel
mumble <> mırıl
mumbled <> mırıl
mumbles <> mırıl
mumbling <> mırıl
mumbly <> Mumbl
mumbo <> Mumbo
mumbojumbo <> Mumbo
mummer <> maska
mummer <> maske
mummers <> Mumme
mummery <> maska
mummery <> maske
mummies <> mumya
mummification <> mumya
mummified <> mumya
mummify <> mumya
mummy <> anne
mummy <> mumya
mump <> dilen
mump <> mırıl
mump <> somur
mumps <> kabak
mums <> annel
munch <> hart
munch <> katur
munch <> sesli
munchausen <> Munch
muncher <> Munch
munchkin <> Munch
munchkins <> Munch
mund <> Mund
mundane <> dünya
mundane <> dünye
mundane <> olağa
munds <> Munds
munga <> Munga
mungo <> Mungo
municipal <> Beled
municipal <> beled
municipalisation <> beled
municipalism <> beled
municipalities <> Beled
municipality <> beled
municipalization <> beled
municipalize <> beled
municipally <> beled
municipals <> Beled
munificence <> cömer
munificence <> eli 
munificent <> cömer
munificent <> eli
munificent <> eli 
munificently <> cömer
muniment <> belge
muniment <> senet
muniments <> arşiv
muniments <> belge
muniments <> evrak
munis <> Munis
munite <> munit
munities <> toplu
munition <> levaz
munition <> savaş
munitions <> cepha
munity <> nabil
munshi <> Munsh
munsters <> Munst
munt <> Munt
muntjac <> munça
muon <> müon
muonic <> müoni
mupirocin <> mupir
mural <> duvar
murals <> duvar
muras <> Muras
murder <> öldür
murder <> adam
murder <> bozma
murder <> cinay
murder <> kaste
murdered <> öldür
murderer <> cani
murderer <> katil
murderers <> Katil
murderess <> katil
murdering <> öldür
murderous <> ölüm
murderous <> öldür
murderously <> öldür
murders <> cinay
mure <> hapse
murena <> Muren
mures <> Mures
murex <> diken
muriatic <> klorl
murine <> fare
murine <> fareg
murk <> karan
murk <> kasve
murky <> şüphe
murky <> bulan
murky <> bulut
murky <> kapal
murky <> karan
murmur <> çağıl
murmur <> hırıl
murmur <> homur
murmur <> mırıl
murmur <> söyle
murmur <> uğuld
murmured <> diye
murmurers <> söyle
murmuring <> çağla
murmurs <> mırıl
murphy <> murph
murphy <> patat
murr <> Murr
murrain <> lanet
murrain <> salgı
murren <> Murre
murrey <> dut
murrey <> dut 
murry <> Murry
musca <> Musca
muscadet <> Musca
muscadine <> miske
muscardinus <> Musca
muscarinic <> muska
muscat <> Maska
muscat <> Umman
muscat <> miske
muscatel <> miske
muscle <> adale
muscle <> kas
muscle <> kas 
muscled <> adale
muscled <> kaslı
muscleman <> Muscl
muscles <> kasla
muscology <> yosun
muscovado <> esmer
muscovado <> ham 
muscovite <> Mika
muscovite <> Mosko
muscovite <> Rus
muscovite <> musko
muscovites <> musko
muscular <> adale
muscular <> kas
muscular <> kaslı
muscular <> kuvve
muscularity <> kaslı
musculature <> kas
musculature <> kas 
muscules <> kasla
musculoaponeurotic <> muskü
musculocutaneous <> muscu
musculoskeletal <> kas-i
musculotendinous <> Muscu
muse <> şiir
muse <> düşün
muse <> dalma
muse <> ilham
muse <> müz
mused <> düşün
museological <> müzec
museology <> müzec
muser <> Muser
muses <> Muses
museum <> müze
museums <> müzel
mush <> aşırı
mush <> köpek
mush <> lapa
mush <> pelte
mushroom <> manta
mushroom <> türem
mushroom <> yayıl
mushroomed <> manta
mushrooming <> manta
mushrooms <> manta
mushy <> aşırı
mushy <> lapa
music <> müzik
music <> musik
musical <> müziğ
musical <> müzik
musicality <> müzik
musically <> müzik
musicals <> müzik
musician <> çalgı
musician <> müzis
musicians <> müzis
musicianship <> müzis
musicological <> müzik
musicologist <> müzik
musicologists <> müzik
musicology <> müzik
musics <> müzik
musings <> Musin
musk <> misk
muskat <> Muska
muskeg <> batak
musket <> miske
musketeer <> silâh
musketeers <> tüfek
musketry <> tüfek
muskets <> tüfek
muskie <> Muski
muskmelon <> kavun
muskmelon <> kokul
muskrat <> misk
musks <> misk
musky <> misk
muslin <> musli
muso <> Muso
musquash <> misk
muss <> bozma
muss <> buruş
muss <> düzen
muss <> karış
muss <> karga
mussel <> midye
mussels <> midye
mussy <> buruş
mussy <> karma
must <> şıra
must <> şart
must <> -malı
must <> -meli
must <> gerek
must <> küf 
must <> küflü
must <> kızgı
must <> kızmı
mustache <> bıyık
mustached <> bıyık
mustaches <> bıyık
mustachioed <> bıyık
mustang <> musta
mustang <> yaban
mustangs <> Musta
mustard <> harda
mustards <> harda
mustelidae <> Muste
muster <> topla
muster <> yokla
mustered <> topla
mustiness <> köhne
mustiness <> küflü
musts <> şıra
musty <> köhne
musty <> küf 
musty <> küflü
musty <> küfle
mutable <> değiş
mutagen <> mutaj
mutagenesis <> mutag
mutagenic <> mutaj
mutagenicity <> mutaj
mutagens <> mutag
mutant <> değiş
mutant <> mutan
mutant <> mutas
mutants <> mutan
mutarotation <> Döndü
mutase <> mutaz
mutate <> değiş
mutated <> mutas
mutates <> mutas
mutating <> mutas
mutation <> dönüş
mutation <> değiş
mutation <> mutas
mutational <> mutas
mutations <> mutas
mutative <> değiş
mutator <> Mutat
mute <> dilsi
mute <> okunm
mute <> ses 
mute <> sesin
mute <> sessi
mute <> surdi
mute <> susku
mute <> yumuş
muted <> sağır
muted <> sessi
mutely <> sessi
muteness <> dilsi
muteness <> sessi
mutes <> sustu
mutilate <> bozma
mutilate <> kesip
mutilate <> sakat
mutilated <> sakat
mutilating <> Ağır
mutilation <> bozma
mutilation <> sakat
mutilative <> yaral
mutilator <> Mutil
mutineer <> asi
mutineer <> isyan
mutineers <> isyan
muting <> kısma
mutinied <> isyan
mutinous <> asi
mutinous <> isyan
mutiny <> ayakl
mutiny <> başka
mutiny <> isyan
mutism <> dilsi
mutism <> sessi
muts <> bisik
mutt <> ahmak
mutt <> it
mutt <> manka
mutter <> fısıl
mutter <> homur
mutter <> mırıl
muttered <> diye
muttering <> fısıl
muttering <> homur
muttering <> mırıl
mutters <> mırıl
mutton <> koyun
muttony <> koyun
mutual <> iki 
mutual <> karşı
mutual <> müşte
mutual <> ortak
mutualism <> mutua
mutualistic <> mutua
mutualists <> karşı
mutuality <> karşı
mutuality <> mukab
mutually <> karşı
mux <> Mux
muzhik <> Rus
muzhik <> Rus 
muzhik <> mujik
muzzily <> serse
muzzle <> ağız
muzzle <> ağızl
muzzle <> ağzın
muzzle <> hayva
muzzle <> top 
muzzled <> ağızl
muzzled <> sustu
muzzles <> Ağızl
muzzy <> ağır
muzzy <> kasve
muzzy <> serse
my <> benim
my <> hayre
my <> vay 
myalgia <> adale
myalgia <> kas
myalgia <> kas 
myalgias <> kırık
myalgic <> miyal
myalism <> büyüc
myall <> akasy
myasthenia <> myast
myasthenic <> Miyas
mycelia <> misel
mycelial <> misel
mycelium <> misel
mycobacteria <> mikob
mycobacterial <> mikob
mycobacterium <> mikob
mycogen <> Mycog
mycologic <> mikol
mycological <> mikol
mycologically <> mikol
mycology <> manta
mycoplasmas <> Mycop
mycorhizal <> Mikor
mycorrhiza <> mikor
mycorrhizae <> mikor
mycorrhizal <> mikor
mycoses <> mikoz
mycosis <> manta
mycotic <> mikot
mycotoxin <> manta
mycotoxins <> mikot
mydriasis <> midri
mydriatic <> midri
myectomy <> miyek
myelin <> miyel
myelinated <> miyel
myelination <> miyel
myeline <> miyel
myelinolysis <> miyel
myelitis <> omuri
myeloablative <> miyel
myeloblastic <> myelo
myeloblasts <> myelo
myelocele <> myelo
myelocytic <> miyel
myelodysplasia <> Miyel
myelodysplastic <> myelo
myelofibrosis <> miyel
myelogenous <> miyel
myelographies <> miyel
myelography <> miyel
myeloma <> miyel
myelomas <> myelo
myelomatosis <> miyel
myelomatous <> miyel
myelomeningocele <> myelo
myelomonocytic <> miyel
myelopathies <> miyel
myelopathy <> myelo
myeloperoxidase <> miyel
myelopoiesis <> miyel
myeloproliferative <> myelo
myelosuppression <> miyel
myelotoxic <> miyel
myenteric <> myent
myiasis <> Miyaz
mylonite <> milon
mylonites <> milon
mylonitic <> milon
mylonitises <> 
myna <> Myna
mynheer <> bay
myocardia <> Miyok
myocardial <> miyok
myocarditis <> kâlp
myocarditis <> miyok
myocardium <> kâlp
myocardium <> miyok
myoclonia <> miyok
myoclonic <> miyok
myoclonus <> miyok
myocutaneous <> miyok
myocyte <> miyos
myoelectric <> Myoel
myoepithelial <> myoep
myofascial <> miyof
myofibrillar <> miyof
myofibroblast <> myo
myofibroblasts <> miyof
myofibromatosis <> miyof
myogenic <> miyoj
myoglobin <> miyog
myoglobinuria <> myogl
myoglobulin <> miyog
myography <> kasıl
myology <> kasbi
myoma <> myom
myomas <> myoml
myomectomy <> myome
myonecrosis <> miyon
myopathic <> miyop
myopathies <> miyop
myopathy <> miyop
myope <> miyop
myopes <> miyop
myopia <> miyop
myopic <> miyop
myopic <> uzağı
myopics <> miyop
myopy <> miyop
myosin <> miyoz
myosins <> miyos
myosis <> göz
myosis <> göz 
myositis <> miyoz
myotomy <> miyot
myotonia <> miyot
myotonic <> miyot
myriad <> çok 
myriad <> sayıs
myriads <> onbin
myriapod <> çokay
myriapoda <> Myria
myrica <> Myric
myricaceae <> Myric
myringoplasty <> mirin
myringotomy <> mirin
myristic <> miris
myrmecology <> karın
myrmidon <> paral
myrmidon <> uşak
myrrh <> mür
myrrh <> sarı
myrtaceae <> Myrta
myrtle <> mersi
myrtles <> mersi
myrtus <> Myrtu
myself <> ben
myself <> bizza
myself <> kendi
mystagogue <> dini
mysteries <> gizem
mysterious <> bilin
mysterious <> esrar
mysterious <> gizem
mysteriously <> anlaş
mysteriously <> gizem
mysteriousness <> gizem
mystery <> bilin
mystery <> esrar
mystery <> gizem
mystery <> hikme
mystery <> muamm
mystery <> sır
mystic <> gizem
mystic <> misti
mystic <> sufi
mystic <> tasav
mystical <> esrar
mystical <> tasav
mystically <> misti
mysticeti <> Mysti
mysticism <> gizem
mysticism <> misti
mysticism <> tasav
mystics <> misti
mystification <> şaşır
mystification <> aldat
mystification <> gizem
mystified <> hayre
mystifies <> kafas
mystify <> şaşır
mystify <> gizem
mystify <> hayre
mystifying <> gizem
mystique <> esrar
myth <> efsan
myth <> hayal
myth <> mit
mythic <> efsan
mythic <> mitsi
mythical <> efsan
mythical <> mitsi
mythicize <> efsan
mythicize <> mitle
mythmaker <> Mythm
mythologic <> mitol
mythological <> mitol
mythologically <> mitol
mythologies <> mitol
mythologist <> mitol
mythology <> mitol
mythos <> mit
mythos <> mitos
myths <> mitle
mytilus <> Mytil
myxedema <> miksö
myxoedema <> Miksö
myxoid <> mikso
myxoma <> mikso
myxomas <> mikso
myxomatosis <> Myxom
myxomatous <> mikso
nab <> yakal
nabbed <> Nabbe
nabob <> Hindi
nabob <> Hint
nabs <> yakal
nacelle <> motor
nacimiento <> Nacim
nacre <> sedef
nacreous <> sedef
nadide <> Nadid
nadir <> ayak
nadir <> en 
naevi <> nevüs
naevus <> nevus
naff <> Naff
nag <> başın
nag <> dırdı
nag <> ihtiy
nag <> kusur
nag <> ufak
naga <> Naga
nagas <> Nagas
nagger <> dırdı
nahal <> Nahal
naiad <> ırmak
naiad <> su
naiad <> su 
naik <> Naik
nail <> çivi
nail <> çivil
nail <> kavra
nail <> mıhla
nail <> meyda
nail <> tırna
nail <> vurma
nail <> yakal
nailed <> çivil
nailer <> Naile
nailers <> Çakma
nailfold <> tırna
nailing <> çivil
nails <> çivi
nain <> Nain
nainsook <> nansu
naira <> Naira
nais <> Nais
naive <> bön
naive <> saf
naive <> toy
naively <> safça
naively <> saf 
naiveness <> Tecrü
naives <> Naifl
naivete <> saflı
naivety <> saflı
naked <> çıpla
naked <> salt
naked <> yalın
nakedly <> çıpla
nakedly <> açıkç
nakedness <> çıpla
nala <> Nala
nale <> Nale
nalidixic <> nalid
nall <> nTüm
naloxone <> nalok
naltrexone <> naltr
namable <> ad 
namable <> unutu
name <> ün
name <> ünlü
name <> Adı
name <> adını
name <> ad
name <> ad 
name <> isim
name <> ismiy
name <> nam
name <> söyle
name <> tayin
named <> adlı
named <> denil
nameless <> adsız
nameless <> anlat
nameless <> isims
nameless <> meçhu
namelessness <> idüğü
namely <> şöyle
namely <> yani
nameplate <> isim
nameplate <> tabel
nameplates <> isim
namer <> Namer
names <> isiml
namesake <> adaş
namesakes <> adaşı
namespace <> ad
namespaces <> ad
namest <> Names
nametag <> isim
nametags <> künye
naming <> adlan
namings <> adlan
namo <> Namo
nams <> Nams
nana <> nine
nanas <> Nanas
nance <> Nance
nandina <> Nandi
nandu <> Nandu
nanism <> cücel
nankeen <> devet
nankeen <> nanki
nankin <> devet
nankin <> nanki
nannies <> dadıl
nanny <> dadı
nanograms <> nanog
nanometer <> nanom
nanometers <> nanom
nanometres <> nanom
nanophthalmos <> Nanof
nanos <> Nanos
nanosecond <> nanos
nanoseconds <> nanos
nanotechnologies <> nanot
nanotechnology <> Nanot
nanotube <> nanot
nanotubes <> nanot
nans <> NANS
nap <> şeker
nap <> hav
nap <> içi 
nap <> kısa
nap <> kesti
nap <> tüy
nap <> tüyle
nap <> uyku
nap <> uyukl
napalm <> napâl
nape <> ense
napery <> sofra
naphtha <> neft
naphthaldehyde <> nafta
naphthalene <> nafta
naphthaline <> nafta
naphthenic <> nafte
naphthoic <> nafto
naphthol <> nafto
naphthyl <> nafti
napkin <> bebek
napkin <> kâğıt
napkin <> kunda
napkin <> peçet
napkins <> peçet
napless <> havsı
napless <> tüysü
napoleon <> Napol
napoleons <> Napol
nappa <> Nappa
nappe <> örtü
nappe <> napı
nappes <> napla
nappies <> bebek
napping <> uyukl
nappy <> çiş 
nappy <> bebek
nappy <> havlı
nappy <> sarho
nappy <> sert
nappy <> tüylü
nappy <> yayık
naproxen <> napro
naps <> şeker
narcissism <> kendi
narcissism <> narsi
narcissist <> narsi
narcissistic <> narsi
narcissists <> narsi
narcissus <> fulya
narcissus <> kendi
narcissus <> nergi
narcissus <> zerri
narco <> narko
narcolepsy <> Narko
narcos <> uyuşt
narcosis <> narko
narcosis <> uyuşm
narcotic <> narko
narcotic <> uyuşt
narcotics <> uyuşt
narcotism <> uyuşt
narcotization <> uyuşt
narcotize <> narko
narcotize <> uyuşt
narcotize <> uyutm
nard <> Hint
nare <> nve
nares <> burun
narghile <> nargi
nargile <> nargi
naric <> NARIC
nark <> hırsı
nark <> muhbi
nark <> narko
narrate <> öykül
narrate <> anlat
narrated <> anlat
narrates <> anlat
narrating <> Anlat
narration <> öykül
narration <> anlat
narration <> hikây
narrations <> rivay
narrative <> öykü
narrative <> hikây
narrative <> rivay
narratives <> anlat
narratological <> Anlat
narrator <> anlat
narrator <> hikây
narrators <> râvîl
narrow <> dar
narrow <> daral
narrow <> kısıt
narrow <> kısma
narrow <> sınır
narrowband <> dar
narrowed <> daral
narrower <> dar
narrowest <> dar
narrowing <> daral
narrowings <> daral
narrowly <> dar
narrowly <> güç 
narrowly <> ucu 
narrowness <> darlı
narrowness <> kısıt
narrows <> daral
narthex <> narte
narwhal <> deniz
narwhals <> Narwh
nary <> ürine
nary <> hiç
nasal <> burun
nasal <> geniz
nasality <> geniz
nasalize <> geniz
nascency <> doğuş
nascency <> meyda
nascency <> oluşu
nascent <> doğan
nascent <> oluşm
nasogastric <> nazog
nasolabial <> nazol
nasolacrimal <> nazol
nasopharyngeal <> nazof
nasopharyngitis <> nazof
nasopharyngoscopy <> nazof
nasopharynx <> nazof
nasotracheal <> nazot
nastic <> Nasti
nasties <> Nasti
nastily <> iğren
nastiness <> iğren
nastiness <> pisli
nasturtium <> Lâtin
nasty <> çirki
nasty <> ayıp
nasty <> edeps
nasty <> fırtı
nasty <> iğren
nasty <> kötü
nasty <> müste
nasty <> pis
natal <> doğuş
natal <> doğum
natality <> doğum
natant <> yüzen
natation <> yüzme
natatorial <> yüzme
natatorium <> yüzme
natatory <> yüzme
nates <> kıç
nates <> kabae
nates <> kalça
nation <> mille
nation <> ulus
national <> milli
national <> ulusa
national <> vatan
national <> yurtt
nationalisation <> devle
nationalisation <> kamul
nationalisation <> ulusa
nationalise <> devle
nationalise <> kamul
nationalise <> milli
nationalised <> milli
nationalising <> milli
nationalism <> milli
nationalisms <> milli
nationalist <> milli
nationalistic <> milli
nationalists <> milli
nationalities <> milli
nationality <> milli
nationality <> uyruk
nationalization <> devle
nationalization <> kamul
nationalization <> ulusa
nationalizations <> devle
nationalize <> devle
nationalize <> kamul
nationalize <> milli
nationalized <> milli
nationalizing <> milli
nationally <> mille
nationally <> ulusa
nationals <> uyruk
nationhood <> ulus
nations <> mille
nationwide <> ülke
native <> doğal
native <> doğuş
native <> yerli
natively <> doğal
natives <> yerli
nativist <> yerel
nativity <> doğuş
nativity <> doğum
natrium <> sodyu
natriuresis <> natri
natriuretic <> natri
natrolite <> natro
natron <> sodyu
natter <> gevez
natterer <> Natte
natterjack <> haçlı
natters <> Natte
nattier <> Natti
natty <> ince
natty <> süslü
natty <> zarif
naturae <> Natur
natural <> doğal
natural <> doğuş
natural <> natür
natural <> tabii
naturalisation <> vatan
naturalisation <> yurtt
naturalise <> tanın
naturalised <> vatan
naturalism <> doğac
naturalist <> doğac
naturalist <> natür
naturalistic <> natür
naturalists <> Doğac
naturality <> Doğal
naturalization <> vatan
naturalization <> yurtt
naturalize <> vatan
naturalize <> yaban
naturalized <> vatan
naturalizer <> Natur
naturally <> doğal
naturally <> doğuş
naturally <> elbet
naturalness <> doğal
naturalness <> tabii
naturals <> Natur
nature <> alem
nature <> dünya
nature <> doğa
nature <> huy
nature <> mizaç
nature <> tabia
nature <> yapı
natured <> huylu
natured <> tabia
naturist <> doğac
naturopathic <> Doğal
naught <> hiç
naught <> sıfır
naughties <> Naugh
naughtiest <> yaram
naughtily <> yaram
naughtiness <> münas
naughtiness <> yaram
naughty <> afaca
naughty <> edeps
naughty <> haşar
naughty <> hayla
naughty <> terbi
naughty <> yaram
nausea <> bulan
nausea <> iğren
nausea <> mide
nauseate <> iğren
nauseate <> mide
nauseated <> mides
nauseating <> mide
nauseation <> bulan
nauseation <> mide
nauseous <> iğren
nauseous <> mide
nauseousness <> iğren
nauseousness <> mide
nautic <> NAUTI
nautical <> deniz
nautical <> gemic
naval <> deniz
naval <> savaş
navarrese <> Navar
nave <> kilis
nave <> nave
nave <> teker
navel <> göbek
navel <> merke
navel <> orta
naves <> nefli
navicert <> serbe
navicula <> Navic
navicular <> kayık
naviculars <> navik
navies <> donan
navigability <> gidiş
navigable <> deniz
navigable <> gemi
navigable <> gezil
navigate <> gemi
navigate <> gezin
navigate <> tekne
navigated <> navig
navigates <> gezin
navigating <> navig
navigation <> deniz
navigation <> gemi
navigation <> gemic
navigation <> navig
navigation <> sefer
navigational <> seyir
navigations <> Navig
navigator <> deniz
navigator <> gemic
navigators <> navig
navvy <> demir
navvy <> kanal
navy <> deniz
navy <> donan
nawab <> Nawab
nawabs <> Nawab
nay <> hayır
nay <> inkâr
nay <> olums
nay <> red
nay <> ret
nay <> yok
nays <> hayır
naysayer <> Naysa
naysayers <> Muhal
nayt <> Nayt
nazi <> Nazi
nazir <> Nazir
nazis <> Nazil
neal <> retro
neandertal <> Neand
neandertals <> Neand
neanderthal <> Neand
neanderthals <> Neand
neap <> UÇEP
neapolitan <> Napol
neapolitans <> Neapo
near <> bitiş
near <> cimri
near <> eli 
near <> hemen
near <> samim
near <> yakın
near <> yakla
nearby <> Yakın
nearby <> civar
nearby <> yakın
nearby <> yanın
neared <> yakla
nearer <> yakın
nearest <> en
nearest <> en 
nearing <> merdi
nearing <> yakla
nearly <> az 
nearly <> hemen
nearly <> nered
nearly <> takri
nearly <> yakın
nearness <> cimri
nearness <> yakın
nears <> yakla
nearsighted <> miyop
nearsighted <> uzağı
nearsightedness <> miyop
neat <> becer
neat <> düzen
neat <> munta
neat <> sığır
neat <> sek
neat <> susuz
neat <> temiz
neat <> zarif
neat <> zeki
neath <> altın
neath <> neath
neatly <> temiz
neatly <> terte
neatness <> temiz
neatness <> zarif
nebbish <> zaval
nebel <> Nebel
nebs <> NEBS
nebuchadnezzar <> Nebuc
nebula <> bulut
nebula <> nebul
nebulae <> bulut
nebular <> nebul
nebulisation <> Nebül
nebulised <> nebul
nebuliser <> nebül
nebulization <> nebul
nebulizations <> nebul
nebulize <> Nebül
nebulized <> nebül
nebulizer <> nebul
nebulizers <> nebül
nebulous <> şüphe
nebulous <> belli
nebulous <> bulut
nebulous <> duman
nebulously <> belli
nebulously <> bulut
necessaries <> malze
necessarily <> şart
necessarily <> ister
necessarily <> olmaz
necessarily <> zorun
necessary <> gerek
necessary <> lazım
necessary <> zorun
necessitate <> gerek
necessitate <> icap
necessitated <> zorun
necessitates <> gerek
necessitating <> gerek
necessities <> ihtiy
necessitous <> fakir
necessitous <> muhta
necessity <> gerek
necessity <> ihtiy
necessity <> kaçın
necessity <> lüzum
necessity <> zorun
neck <> boğaz
neck <> boyun
neck <> kısta
neck <> sarma
neck <> yaka
neckband <> dik 
neckband <> gerda
neckcloth <> boyun
necked <> boyun
necker <> Necke
neckerchief <> boyun
necking <> sarma
necklace <> gerda
necklace <> kolye
necklaces <> kolye
necklet <> boyun
neckline <> yaka
necklines <> Neckl
necks <> boyun
necktie <> boyun
necktie <> krava
neckties <> krava
neckwear <> boyun
neckwears <> Kaşko
necrobiotic <> nekro
necrology <> ölü 
necrology <> ölenl
necrolysis <> nekro
necromancer <> büyüc
necromancer <> ruh 
necromancers <> Necro
necromancy <> büyüc
necromancy <> ruh 
necromantic <> büyüc
necromantic <> olağa
necromantic <> sihir
necrophagia <> Necro
necrophiliac <> Necro
necrophobic <> Necro
necropoleis <> mezar
necropolis <> kabri
necropolis <> mezar
necropolises <> nekro
necropsied <> nekro
necropsy <> otops
necrose <> nekro
necrosectomy <> nekro
necrosed <> nekro
necroses <> nekro
necrosis <> doku
necrosis <> kangr
necrosis <> nekro
necrotic <> çürüy
necrotic <> nekro
necrotising <> nekro
necrotized <> nekro
necrotizing <> nekro
nectar <> balöz
nectar <> bitki
nectar <> nekta
nectarine <> şefta
nectarines <> nekta
nectars <> nekta
neddy <> eşek
neds <> Neds
nee <> kızlı
need <> gerek
need <> ihtiy
need <> lüzum
need <> muhta
need <> yoksu
needed <> gerek
needed <> lazım
needful <> gerek
needful <> lüzum
needful <> lazım
neediness <> muhta
neediness <> yoklu
neediness <> yoksu
needing <> gerek
needle <> şiş
needle <> alkol
needle <> dikme
needle <> enjek
needle <> iğne
needle <> iğnel
needle <> ibre
needle <> sinir
needle <> tığ
needlecase <> iğne
needlecraft <> dikiş
needled <> iğned
needlefish <> zarga
needlepoint <> ince
needlepoint <> oya
needlepoint <> oya 
needles <> iğnel
needless <> boşun
needless <> gerek
needless <> lüzum
needlessly <> gerek
needlessness <> gerek
needlestick <> iğne
needlewoman <> dikiş
needlework <> dikiş
needlework <> iğne
needling <> iğnel
needs <> ihtiy
needs <> ister
needy <> fakir
needy <> muhta
needy <> yoksu
neeld <> Neeld
neele <> Neele
neer <> Neer
nefarious <> çirki
nefarious <> alçak
nefarious <> hain
nefarious <> kötü
nefariously <> alçak
nefariously <> kötül
negate <> aksin
negate <> inkâr
negate <> iptal
negate <> redde
negates <> ortad
negating <> inkâr
negation <> eksik
negation <> inkâr
negation <> olums
negation <> red
negation <> ret
negative <> eksi
negative <> etkis
negative <> negat
negative <> olums
negative <> red
negative <> redde
negative <> ret
negative <> ters
negative <> zıt
negatively <> olums
negativeness <> olums
negativenesses <> olums
negatives <> negat
negativism <> karşı
negativities <> olums
negativity <> negat
negator <> olums
negator <> redde
negatory <> aksi
negatory <> negat
negatory <> olums
negatory <> redde
negatron <> Negat
neglect <> aldır
neglect <> asmak
neglect <> bakım
neglect <> boşla
neglect <> ihmal
neglect <> ilgis
neglect <> unutm
neglectable <> ihmal
neglected <> bakım
neglected <> ihmal
neglectful <> ihmal
neglectful <> lakay
neglectful <> umurs
neglecting <> ihmal
neglection <> ihmal
neglects <> ihmal
neglige <> ev 
neglige <> sabah
negligee <> ev 
negligee <> sabah
negligence <> özens
negligence <> dikka
negligence <> ihmal
negligence <> umurs
negligent <> ihmal
negligent <> lakay
negligent <> savsa
negligent <> umurs
negligently <> ihmal
negligible <> önems
negligible <> göz 
negligible <> ihmal
negligibly <> ihmal
negoce <> négoc
negociants <> NEGOC
negotiability <> aktar
negotiability <> ciro
negotiability <> paray
negotiable <> ciro
negotiable <> devre
negotiable <> görüş
negotiable <> geçil
negotiable <> paray
negotiable <> tartı
negotiate <> aşmak
negotiate <> başar
negotiate <> ciro
negotiate <> görüş
negotiate <> geçme
negotiate <> kırdı
negotiate <> paray
negotiate <> tartı
negotiated <> anlaş
negotiates <> görüş
negotiating <> müzak
negotiation <> aşma
negotiation <> anlaş
negotiation <> ciro
negotiation <> görüş
negotiation <> müzak
negotiation <> paray
negotiations <> müzak
negotiator <> arabu
negotiator <> görüş
negotiators <> müzak
negress <> zenci
negrita <> Negri
negritude <> zenci
negro <> Arap
negro <> zenci
negroes <> zenci
negroid <> zenci
negros <> Negro
negus <> şarap
negus <> Habeş
negus <> negüs
neigh <> kişne
neighbor <> bitiş
neighbor <> komşu
neighbor <> yanın
neighborhood <> çevre
neighborhood <> civar
neighborhood <> komşu
neighborhood <> merke
neighborhood <> muhit
neighborhood <> semt
neighborhoods <> mahal
neighboring <> bitiş
neighboring <> komşu
neighborliness <> dostl
neighborliness <> komşu
neighborly <> dostç
neighborly <> komşu
neighbors <> komşu
neighbour <> bitiş
neighbour <> komşu
neighbour <> yanın
neighboured <> GPS
neighbourhood <> çevre
neighbourhood <> civar
neighbourhood <> komşu
neighbourhood <> merke
neighbourhood <> muhit
neighbourhood <> semt
neighbourhoods <> mahal
neighbouring <> bitiş
neighbouring <> komşu
neighbourliness <> dostl
neighbourliness <> komşu
neighbourly <> dostç
neighbourly <> komşu
neighbours <> komşu
neighing <> kişne
neisseriaceae <> Neiss
neither <> hiçbi
neive <> Neive
nekton <> Nekto
nellie <> Nelli
nelsons <> Nelso
nematic <> nemat
nematoda <> Nemat
nematode <> iplik
nematode <> nemat
nematodes <> nemat
nematology <> Nemat
nemesis <> öç
nemesis <> adil
nemesis <> intik
nems <> NEMS
neoclassic <> Neokl
neoclassical <> neokl
neoclassicism <> Neokl
neocolonial <> sömür
neocolonialism <> yeni
neocons <> Neoco
neoconservative <> muhaf
neoconservatives <> muhaf
neocortex <> neoko
neocortical <> neoko
neogen <> neoje
neoliberalism <> Neo-l
neoliberals <> neoli
neolith <> Neoli
neolithic <> Neoli
neolithic <> cilâl
neologism <> yeni
neologism <> yenil
neologisms <> neolo
neologize <> yeni
neology <> yeni
neology <> yenil
neomineralization <> Yeni
neomycin <> neomi
neon <> neon
neonate <> yenid
neonates <> Yenid
neonatologists <> pedia
neonatology <> neona
neopagan <> Neopa
neophilia <> yenil
neophyte <> acemi
neophyte <> yeni
neophytes <> acemi
neoplasia <> neopl
neoplasias <> neopl
neoplasm <> doku
neoplasm <> neopl
neoplasm <> tümör
neoplasm <> ur
neoplasms <> neopl
neoplastic <> neopl
neoprene <> neopr
neoprenes <> neopr
neorealism <> Neore
neostigmine <> neost
neoteric <> moder
neoteric <> neote
neoteric <> yeni
neovagina <> vajin
neovascular <> neova
neovascularization <> neova
neovascularizations <> neova
nepa <> NEPA
nepenthe <> acı
nepenthe <> acı 
nepenthes <> Nepen
nepeta <> Nepet
nepheline <> nefel
nephelinic <> nefel
nephelometric <> nefel
nephelometry <> nefel
nephew <> yeğen
nephews <> yeğen
nephilim <> Nephi
nephology <> bulut
nephrectomies <> nefre
nephrectomy <> nefre
nephrite <> nefri
nephritic <> böbre
nephritis <> böbre
nephritis <> nefri
nephroblastoma <> nefro
nephrocalcinosis <> nefro
nephrogenic <> nefro
nephrography <> nefro
nephrolepis <> Nephr
nephrolithiasis <> böbre
nephrolithotomy <> nefro
nephrological <> nefro
nephrologist <> nefro
nephrologists <> nefro
nephrology <> nefro
nephron <> nefro
nephrons <> nefro
nephropathies <> nefro
nephropathy <> nefro
nephrosclerosis <> nefro
nephroscope <> nefro
nephrosis <> nefro
nephrostomy <> nefro
nephrotic <> nefro
nephrotoxic <> nefro
nephrotoxicity <> nefro
nephroureterectomy <> nefro
nephthys <> Nepht
nepotism <> akrab
nepotist <> akrab
neptune <> Neptü
neptune <> deniz
neptunes <> Neptu
neptunium <> neptü
nerd <> inek
nereid <> deniz
nereid <> su
nereid <> su 
nereides <> Nerei
nereids <> Nerei
nereites <> Nerei
nerine <> Nerim
nerita <> Nerit
neritic <> nerit
nerol <> porta
nerthus <> Nerth
nerval <> Nerva
nervation <> damar
nervation <> sinir
nervature <> damar
nervature <> sinir
nerve <> çaba
nerve <> asap
nerve <> cüret
nerve <> cesar
nerve <> damar
nerve <> gayre
nerve <> guçle
nerve <> sinir
nerve <> soğuk
nerve <> yüzsü
nerveless <> etkis
nerveless <> sakin
nerveless <> sinir
nerveless <> zayıf
nerver <> Nerve
nerves <> sinir
nervi <> Nervi
nervine <> sinir
nervine <> yatış
nervosa <> nervo
nervous <> ürkek
nervous <> asabi
nervous <> gergi
nervous <> sinir
nervously <> gergi
nervously <> sinir
nervousness <> ürkek
nervousness <> sinir
nervure <> yapra
nervures <> nervü
nervy <> ürkek
nervy <> gergi
nervy <> küsta
nervy <> sinir
nervy <> yüzsü
nescience <> bilgi
nescience <> cahil
nescient <> bilgi
nescient <> cahil
nesher <> Neshe
ness <> burun
ness <> kara
ness <> ness
nest <> iç 
nest <> kuluç
nest <> tutam
nest <> yuva
nest <> yuvay
nested <> iç
nester <> Neste
nesting <> yuval
nestings <> yerle
nestle <> bağrı
nestle <> barın
nestle <> sığın
nestle <> sokul
nestle <> yerle
nestled <> Nestl
nestler <> Nestl
nestles <> nestl
nestling <> kuş 
nestling <> yavru
nestor <> Nesto
nests <> yuva
nesty <> Nesty
net <> şebek
net <> ağ
net <> ağ 
net <> file
net <> kâr e
net <> kazan
net <> kesin
net <> net
net <> tül
net <> tuzağ
net <> tuzak
netes <> Netes
nethack <> Netha
nether <> aşağı
nether <> alt
nether <> altta
nethermost <> en
nethermost <> en 
netherworld <> Nethe
netilmicin <> netil
netop <> NetOp
nets <> ağlar
netsuke <> Netsu
netted <> geçir
netter <> Nette
netting <> örme
netting <> ağ
netting <> ağ 
netting <> file
nettings <> kafes
nettle <> ısırg
nettle <> ballı
nettle <> kızdı
nettle <> sinir
nettlerash <> ürtik
nettlerash <> kurde
nettles <> ısırg
network <> şebek
network <> ağ
network <> ağ 
network <> ileti
networked <> Ağa
networker <> Netwo
networkers <> çöpça
networking <> ağ
networks <> ağlar
neum <> Neum
neural <> sinir
neuralgia <> nevra
neuralgia <> sinir
neuralgias <> nevra
neuralgic <> nevra
neuralgiform <> nevra
neurally <> nöral
neuraminidase <> nöram
neurasthenia <> nevra
neurasthenia <> sinir
neurasthenic <> nevra
neurasthenic <> sinir
neuraxis <> Neura
neurectomy <> nörek
neuregulin <> nöreg
neurinoma <> Nörin
neuritic <> nörit
neuritis <> sinir
neuroactive <> nöroa
neuroanatomic <> nöroa
neuroanatomical <> nöroa
neuroanatomy <> nöroa
neurobiological <> nörob
neurobiologist <> nörob
neurobiology <> nörob
neuroblastoma <> nörob
neuroblastomas <> nörob
neuroblasts <> nörob
neurobrucellosis <> nörob
neurochemical <> nörok
neurochemicals <> nörok
neurochemistry <> nörok
neurocutaneous <> nörok
neurocytoma <> nöros
neurodegenerative <> nörod
neurodermatitis <> nörod
neuroectodermal <> nöroe
neuroendocrine <> nöroe
neuroendocrinology <> nöroe
neuroepithelial <> nöroe
neuroepithelium <> nöroe
neurofibrillary <> nörof
neurofibroma <> Nörof
neurofibromas <> nörof
neurofibromatosis <> nörof
neurofibrosarcoma <> nörof
neurofilament <> nörof
neurofilaments <> nörof
neurogenesis <> nörog
neurogenetics <> Nörog
neurogenic <> nöroj
neurohormonal <> nöroh
neurohormone <> nöroh
neurohormones <> nöroh
neurohumoral <> nöroh
neurohypophyseal <> nöroh
neurohypophysis <> Nöroh
neurokinin <> nörok
neurokinins <> nörok
neuroleptanesthesia <> nörel
neuroleptic <> nörol
neuroleptics <> nörol
neurologic <> nörol
neurological <> nörol
neurologically <> nörol
neurologist <> asabi
neurologist <> nörol
neurologist <> sinir
neurologists <> nörol
neurology <> nörol
neurology <> sinir
neurolysis <> nörol
neurolytic <> nörol
neuroma <> nörom
neuromas <> nörom
neuromodulation <> nörom
neuromotor <> nörom
neuromuscular <> nörom
neuromyelitis <> Nörom
neuron <> nöron
neuron <> sinir
neuronal <> nöron
neurones <> nöron
neuronic <> sinir
neuronitis <> nörin
neurons <> nöron
neuropath <> nevro
neuropath <> sinir
neuropathic <> Nörop
neuropathies <> nörop
neuropathist <> asabi
neuropathist <> nörol
neuropathologic <> nörop
neuropathological <> nörop
neuropathologies <> nörop
neuropathologists <> Nörop
neuropathology <> nörop
neuropathy <> nörop
neuropeptide <> nörop
neuropeptides <> nörop
neuropharmacology <> nörof
neurophysiologic <> nörof
neurophysiological <> nörof
neurophysiologists <> nörof
neurophysiology <> nörof
neuroplasty <> nörop
neuropraxia <> nörop
neuroprotective <> nörop
neuropsychiatric <> nörop
neuropsychiatrist <> nörop
neuropsychiatry <> nörop
neuropsychologic <> nörop
neuropsychological <> nörop
neuropsychologist <> nörop
neuropsychologists <> nörop
neuropsychology <> nörop
neuropsychopharmacology <> nörop
neuroptera <> Neuro
neuropteran <> Neuro
neuroradiological <> nöror
neuroradiology <> nöror
neuroretinitis <> nöror
neurosarcoidosis <> Nöros
neuroscience <> sinir
neurosciences <> sinir
neuroscientist <> sinir
neuroscientists <> nörol
neurosensory <> nöros
neuroses <> nevro
neurosis <> nevro
neurosis <> sinir
neurospora <> Neuro
neurosurgeon <> beyin
neurosurgeons <> beyin
neurosurgery <> nöroş
neurosurgical <> Nöroş
neurosyphilis <> nöros
neurotensin <> Nörot
neurotic <> evham
neurotic <> nevro
neurotic <> sinir
neuroticism <> nörot
neurotomy <> nörot
neurotomy <> sinir
neurotoxic <> nörot
neurotoxicity <> nörot
neurotoxin <> nörot
neurotoxins <> nörot
neurotransmission <> nörot
neurotransmitter <> nörot
neurotransmitters <> nörot
neurotrauma <> Nörot
neurotrophic <> nörot
neurotrophin <> nörot
neurotrophins <> nörot
neurotropic <> nörot
neurovascular <> nörov
neurovegetative <> nörov
neurovisceral <> nöro
neuter <> cinsi
neuter <> geçiş
neuter <> hadım
neuter <> iğdiş
neuter <> kısır
neutered <> kısır
neutering <> kısır
neutral <> cinsi
neutral <> nötr
neutral <> taraf
neutral <> yansı
neutralisation <> nötrl
neutralise <> etkis
neutralise <> nötr
neutralise <> taraf
neutralised <> nötra
neutralises <> nötra
neutralising <> nötra
neutralism <> taraf
neutralist <> taraf
neutrality <> taraf
neutrality <> yansı
neutralization <> nötrl
neutralize <> etkis
neutralize <> nötr
neutralize <> taraf
neutralized <> nötra
neutralizer <> Neutr
neutralizes <> nötra
neutralizing <> nötra
neutrally <> taraf
neutrals <> nötrl
neutrino <> nötri
neutrinos <> nötri
neutron <> nötro
neutronic <> NOTRO
neutrons <> nötro
neutropenia <> nötro
neutropenic <> nötro
neutrophil <> nötro
neutrophile <> nötro
neutrophiles <> nötro
neutrophilia <> nötro
neutrophilic <> nötro
neutrophils <> nötro
nevel <> Nevel
neven <> Neven
never <> asla
never <> balık
never <> hiç
never <> hiçbi
never <> katiy
never <> taş 
neverending <> bitme
nevermore <> asla
nevermore <> bir 
nevertheless <> ancak
nevertheless <> buna
nevertheless <> bunun
nevertheless <> yine
neverthless <> Ne
neves <> Neves
nevi <> nevüs
nevirapine <> nevir
nevus <> ben
nevus <> nevus
new <> Yeni
new <> acemi
new <> keşfe
new <> moder
new <> taze
new <> yeni
newbies <> yenil
newborn <> yeni
newborns <> yenid
newcomer <> yeni
newcomers <> Yeni
newed <> Yenil
newel <> merdi
newell <> Newel
newells <> Newel
newer <> yeni
newest <> en
newest <> en 
newfangled <> yeni
newing <> tanıy
newish <> yeni
newish <> yenic
newlines <> yeni
newly <> yakın
newly <> yeni
newlywed <> yeni
newlyweds <> yeni
newness <> yeni
newness <> yenil
newnesses <> yenil
news <> haber
news <> havad
newsagents <> gazet
newsboy <> gazet
newsboys <> Newsb
newscast <> haber
newscaster <> haber
newscasters <> sunuc
newscasts <> haber
newsflashes <> Flaş
newsgroup <> haber
newsgroups <> haber
newsletter <> bülte
newsletters <> bülte
newsmagazine <> haber
newsman <> gazet
newsmen <> haber
newsmonger <> ayakl
newsmonger <> dedik
newspaper <> gazet
newspaperman <> gazet
newspapers <> gazet
newspeak <> evim
newsprint <> gazet
newsreader <> haber
newsreaders <> haber
newsreel <> aktüa
newsreels <> haber
newssheet <> tek
newssheet <> tek 
newsstand <> gazet
newsstands <> büfel
newsweekly <> hafta
newsworthy <> aktüe
newsworthy <> günce
newsworthy <> haber
newsy <> dedik
newsy <> haber
newt <> semen
newt <> sukel
newton <> Newto
newtons <> newto
next <> ardın
next <> bir 
next <> bitiş
next <> daha
next <> en 
next <> ertes
next <> hemen
next <> nered
next <> sonra
next <> yanın
next <> yanıs
nextdoor <> adult
nexus <> bağ
nexus <> rabıt
niacin <> niasi
niacinamide <> Niaci
nias <> Nias
nib <> gaga
nib <> kaba
nib <> kalem
nibble <> ısırm
nibble <> dişle
nibble <> ilgil
nibble <> kemir
nibble <> otlan
nibble <> yeme
nibbles <> Nibbl
niblick <> golf
nibs <> patro
nicad <> NiCad
nicardipine <> nikar
nice <> dakik
nice <> güzel
nice <> hassa
nice <> hoş
nice <> ince
nice <> kibar
nice <> sevim
nicely <> çok 
nicely <> güzel
nicely <> hoşça
nicely <> hoş
nicely <> hoş 
nicely <> kibar
niceness <> dakik
niceness <> güzel
niceness <> hoşlu
niceness <> incel
niceness <> kibar
niceness <> sevim
niceness <> titiz
nicer <> güzel
nicest <> güzel
niceties <> ayrın
niceties <> hoş 
niceties <> incel
nicety <> ayrın
nicety <> incel
nicety <> kesin
nicety <> tamlı
nicety <> titiz
niche <> işe 
niche <> niş
niche <> oyuğa
niche <> oyuk
niche <> uygun
niches <> niş
nick <> çalma
nick <> çenti
nick <> çentm
nick <> Nick
nick <> doğru
nick <> dolan
nick <> ensel
nick <> gafil
nick <> gedik
nick <> hapis
nick <> isabe
nick <> karak
nick <> kazık
nick <> kesme
nick <> tutuk
nick <> yükse
nick <> yürüt
nickel <> beş 
nickel <> nikel
nickeline <> nikel
nickelodeon <> Nicke
nickels <> Paran
nickie <> Nicki
nickle <> Nikel
nickname <> ad 
nickname <> isim
nickname <> kulla
nickname <> lakap
nickname <> rumuz
nickname <> takma
nicknamed <> rumuz
nicknamer <> Nickn
nicknames <> takma
nicknaming <> takma
nicks <> rumuz
nicodemus <> Nicod
nicoise <> Nisua
nicol <> Nicol
nicotiana <> Nicot
nicotin <> nikot
nicotinamide <> nikot
nicotinate <> nikot
nicotine <> nikot
nicotinic <> nikot
nicotinism <> nikot
nictitate <> göz
nictitate <> göz 
nictitation <> göz
nictitation <> göz 
nidal <> Nidal
nidificate <> yuva
nidification <> yuva
nidify <> yuva
nids <> NIDS
nidus <> böcek
nidus <> mikro
nidus <> yuva
niece <> karde
niece <> yeğen
niello <> savat
nieve <> Nieve
nieves <> Nieve
nife <> NiFe
nifedipine <> nifed
niff <> leş
niff <> leş 
niff <> pis 
niffy <> kokmu
niffy <> leş 
nifty <> şık
nifty <> güzel
nifty <> haval
nifty <> zeki
nigella <> çörek
niger <> Nijer
nigga <> zenci
niggard <> cimri
niggard <> eli 
niggard <> pinti
niggard <> tamah
niggardliness <> cimri
niggardliness <> hasis
niggardly <> cimri
niggardly <> değer
niggardly <> küçük
niggardly <> pinti
niggas <> zenci
nigger <> zenci
niggers <> zenci
niggle <> üzeri
niggle <> detay
niggle <> gerek
niggle <> ince
niggle <> kılı
niggling <> üzeri
niggling <> aşırı
niggling <> detay
niggling <> titiz
nigh <> aşağı
nigh <> hemen
nigh <> yakın
night <> akşam
night <> cehal
night <> gece
night <> karan
nightcap <> yatak
nightcap <> yatma
nightclub <> gece
nightclubbing <> Night
nightclubs <> gece
nightcrawler <> Night
nightcrawlers <> Night
nightdress <> gecel
nighter <> Yatan
nightfall <> akşam
nightfire <> Night
nightgown <> gecel
nightgowns <> gecel
nighthawk <> çoban
nighthawk <> gece
nighthawks <> Night
nightingale <> bülbü
nightingales <> bülbü
nightjar <> çoban
nightlife <> eğlen
nightlife <> gece
nightlight <> Night
nightline <> Night
nightlong <> bütün
nightlong <> gece
nightly <> gecel
nightly <> her 
nightman <> bekçi
nightmare <> kâbus
nightmare <> karab
nightmares <> kabus
nightmarish <> kâbus
nights <> gece
nightshade <> itüzü
nightshade <> köpek
nightshift <> Night
nightshirt <> gecel
nightshirts <> gecel
nightside <> gezeg
nightside <> karan
nightspot <> gece
nightstand <> başuc
nightstand <> komid
nightstands <> komid
nightstick <> cop
nighttime <> gece
nightwatchman <> Night
nightwear <> yatak
nighty <> gecel
nigrescence <> karar
nigrescence <> siyah
nigricans <> nigri
nigritude <> siyah
nihilism <> hiççi
nihilism <> nihil
nihilism <> yokçu
nihilist <> nihil
nihilistic <> nihil
nihilists <> nihil
nijmegen <> Nijme
nil <> hiç
nil <> sıfır
nile <> Nil
nile <> Nil 
niles <> Niles
nilgai <> Hint
nilgau <> Hint
nilly <> isteğ
nimble <> çabuk
nimble <> çevik
nimble <> açıkg
nimble <> atik
nimble <> tetik
nimble <> tez
nimble <> uyanı
nimbleness <> çabuk
nimbleness <> çevik
nimbleness <> uyanı
nimbly <> çabuc
nimbly <> çevik
nimbus <> ışık
nimbus <> ayla
nimbus <> hale
nimbus <> nur
nimbus <> yağmu
nimmer <> Nimme
nimodipine <> nimod
nimonic <> Nimon
nimrod <> Babil
nimrod <> Nemru
nimrod <> usta
nims <> NIMS
nincompoop <> alık
nincompoop <> avana
nincompoop <> serse
nine <> dokuz
ninefold <> dokuz
ninepins <> dokuz
ninepins <> kiy
ninepins <> kiy 
nines <> dokuz
nineteen <> on
nineteen <> on 
nineteenth <> on
nineteenth <> on 
nineties <> doksa
ninetieth <> doksa
ninety <> doksa
ninjas <> Ninja
ninjitsu <> Ninji
ninjutsu <> Ninju
ninny <> avana
ninny <> salak
ninny <> serse
ninon <> Ninon
ninth <> dokuz
ninthly <> dokuz
niobium <> niyob
nip <> çimdi
nip <> ısırm
nip <> Japon
nip <> acele
nip <> ayaz
nip <> büyüm
nip <> budam
nip <> cimci
nip <> dondu
nip <> kıstı
nip <> kesme
nip <> soğuk
nip <> yudum
nipa <> Nipa
nipped <> ısırd
nipper <> çocuk
nipper <> ön 
nipper <> kıska
nipper <> kesic
nipper <> oğlan
nippers <> cımbı
nippers <> kelep
nippers <> kerpe
nippers <> pense
nipping <> ısırı
nipping <> dondu
nipping <> kesic
nipping <> keski
nipping <> sivri
nipple <> emzik
nipple <> meme
nipple <> yağda
nipples <> memel
nipplewort <> Meme
nippy <> çevik
nippy <> acı
nippy <> buz 
nippy <> garso
nippy <> hızlı
nippy <> iğnel
nippy <> keski
nirvana <> hırsl
nirvana <> mutlu
nirvana <> nirva
nirvanas <> Nirva
nisei <> Ameri
nisi <> aksi
nisi <> olmaz
nisi <> yoksa
nisse <> Nisse
nit <> bit 
nit <> sirke
niter <> güher
niter <> potas
nites <> Nites
nitpicking <> her 
nitpicking <> kusur
nitrate <> nitra
nitrate <> nitri
nitrated <> nitro
nitrates <> nitra
nitrating <> nitra
nitration <> nitra
nitre <> güher
nitre <> potas
nitrendipine <> nitre
nitric <> nitri
nitridation <> nitrü
nitride <> azot
nitride <> nitrü
nitride <> nitra
nitride <> nitri
nitrided <> nitrü
nitrides <> nitri
nitriding <> nitrü
nitrification <> azotl
nitrify <> azotl
nitrify <> güher
nitrifying <> nitri
nitrile <> nitri
nitriles <> nitri
nitrite <> nitri
nitrites <> nitri
nitroaniline <> nitro
nitroarginine <> nitro
nitrobacter <> Nitro
nitrobenzene <> nitro
nitrobenzenes <> nitro
nitrocellulose <> nitro
nitrofuran <> Nitro
nitrogen <> azot
nitrogen <> nitro
nitrogenize <> azotl
nitrogenized <> azotl
nitrogenous <> azot
nitrogenous <> azotl
nitroglycerin <> nitro
nitroglycerine <> nitro
nitron <> Nitro
nitrone <> NITRO
nitrophenol <> nitro
nitrophenols <> nitro
nitrophenyl <> nitro
nitroprusside <> nitro
nitrosamine <> nitro
nitrosamines <> nitro
nitrosation <> nitro
nitrose <> NITRO
nitrosomonas <> Nitro
nitrostyrene <> nitro
nitrosyl <> nitro
nitrous <> azot
nitrous <> azotl
nitrous <> güher
nitroxyl <> Nitro
nitryl <> NİTRİ
nits <> nit
nitwit <> kuş
nitwit <> kuş 
nitwit <> serse
nix <> dikka
nix <> dur
nix <> engel
nix <> hiç
nix <> hiçbi
nix <> redde
nix <> su
nix <> su 
nixe <> Nixe
nixie <> su
nixie <> su 
nizatidine <> nizat
no <> aleyh
no <> artık
no <> değil
no <> deme
no <> gerek
no <> hayır
no <> hiç
no <> hiçbi
no <> numar
no <> olmaz
no <> red
no <> ret
no <> yasak
no <> yok
nob <> asilz
nob <> baş
nob <> kafa
nob <> kelle
nob <> züppe
nob <> zengi
nobble <> çalma
nobble <> dolan
nobble <> rüşve
nobble <> sakat
nobble <> yakal
nobby <> şık
nobby <> fiyak
nobby <> göste
nobby <> haval
nobiliary <> asill
nobiliary <> soylu
nobilities <> soylu
nobility <> asill
nobility <> soylu
nobility <> yücel
noble <> asil
noble <> muhte
noble <> soy
noble <> soylu
noble <> ulu
noble <> yüce
nobleman <> asilz
noblemen <> piyon
nobleness <> alçak
nobleness <> asale
nobleness <> kibar
nobleness <> tevaz
nobles <> soylu
nobless <> Noble
noblesse <> asill
noblesse <> soylu
noblest <> soylu
noblewoman <> soylu
nobly <> asilc
nobly <> mertç
nobodies <> Nobod
nobody <> önems
nobody <> bir 
nobody <> hiç 
nobody <> kimse
nociceptive <> nosis
nociceptors <> nosis
nock <> oku 
nock <> okun
nock <> yay
nock <> yay 
noctambulation <> uyurg
noctambulism <> uyurg
noctambulist <> uyurg
noctivagant <> gece
noctua <> Noctu
noctuidae <> Noctu
noctule <> erken
nocturia <> noktü
nocturn <> gece
nocturnal <> gece
nocturnal <> gecel
nocturnally <> gece
nocturnally <> gecel
nocturnals <> Noctu
nocturne <> duygu
nocturne <> gece
nocturnes <> noktü
nocuous <> zarar
nocuous <> zehir
nod <> başı
nod <> başıy
nod <> baş 
nod <> dikka
nod <> hata
nod <> kafa
nod <> nod
nod <> salla
nodal <> boğum
nodal <> düğüm
nodded <> başın
nodding <> salla
noddle <> baş
noddle <> kafa
noddy <> ahmak
noddy <> budal
noddy <> deniz
node <> düğüm
nodes <> düğüm
nodose <> boğum
nodose <> düğüm
nodose <> yumru
nodosity <> bezec
nodosity <> boğum
nodosity <> düğüm
nods <> sallı
nodular <> boğum
nodular <> düğüm
nodular <> yumru
nodularity <> nodül
nodulation <> nodül
nodule <> bezec
nodule <> düğüm
nodule <> nodül
nodule <> ufak
nodule <> yumru
nodules <> nodül
nodus <> düğüm
nodus <> hikây
noel <> Noel
noes <> aleyh
noes <> kabul
noesis <> Noesi
noetic <> akli
nog <> çok 
nog <> takoz
noggin <> içki
noggin <> kafa
noggin <> ufak
nogoodniks <> kötü
noh <> Noh
nohow <> asla
nohow <> katiy
nohow <> kesin
noils <> tarak
noise <> gürül
noise <> paraz
noise <> patır
noise <> ses
noise <> ses 
noise <> velve
noiseless <> gürül
noiseless <> sakin
noiseless <> sessi
noiselessly <> gürül
noiselessly <> sessi
noiselessness <> sessi
noises <> sesle
noisette <> Noise
noisettes <> Noise
noisier <> gürül
noisiest <> gürül
noisily <> gürül
noisiness <> gürül
noisome <> iğren
noisome <> mide
noisome <> muzır
noisome <> pis 
noisome <> zarar
noisy <> göze
noisy <> gürül
noisy <> patır
noisy <> rahat
noisy <> sesli
noisy <> yayga
nole <> Nole
noll <> Noll
noma <> Noma
nomad <> göçeb
nomades <> Nomad
nomadic <> başıb
nomadic <> göçeb
nomadism <> göçeb
nomads <> göçeb
nomenclator <> Nomen
nomenclatural <> Nomen
nomenclature <> adlar
nomenclature <> isiml
nomenclature <> termi
nomenclatures <> nomen
nomenklatura <> nomen
nomic <> nomik
nomina <> nómin
nominal <> düşük
nominal <> göste
nominal <> ismen
nominal <> itiba
nominal <> nomin
nominal <> sözde
nominal <> sembo
nominalism <> nomin
nominalization <> adlan
nominalizations <> adlaş
nominally <> ismen
nominally <> nomin
nominally <> sözde
nominate <> aday
nominate <> atama
nominate <> resme
nominate <> tayin
nominated <> aday
nominates <> atar
nominating <> aday
nomination <> aday
nomination <> adayl
nomination <> atama
nomination <> tayin
nominations <> aday
nominative <> öznel
nominative <> yalın
nominator <> ataya
nominator <> tayin
nominators <> öneri
nominee <> aday
nominee <> namze
nominee <> temsi
nominee <> vekil
nominees <> Adayl
nomograms <> nomog
nomos <> Nomos
nomothetic <> nomot
non <> sigar
nonabrasive <> Aşınd
nonabsorbable <> emilm
nonabsorbent <> emici
nonacceptance <> kabul
nonacceptance <> redde
nonachiever <> başar
nonaction <> eylem
nonadherence <> uyums
nonadjacent <> Bitiş
nonage <> reşit
nonage <> yaşça
nonagenarian <> doksa
nonaggression <> saldı
nonaggressive <> saldı
nonagon <> dokuz
nonagricultural <> tarım
nonalcoholic <> alkol
nonallergenic <> alerj
nonallergic <> aller
nonanemic <> anemi
nonanimal <> hayva
nonappearance <> gıyap
nonappearance <> hazır
nonappearance <> yoklu
nonaqueous <> Susuz
nonaromatic <> Nonar
nonassessable <> değer
nonattendance <> devam
nonattendance <> gıyap
nonattendance <> katıl
nonauthoritarian <> otori
nonauthoritatively <> yetki
nonbacterial <> nonba
nonbank <> banka
nonbasic <> değil
nonbinding <> bağla
nonbiological <> biyol
nonblocking <> tıkan
nonbonding <> Eşlen
nonbroadcast <> yayın
noncanonical <> kural
noncarcinogenic <> kanse
noncardiac <> nonka
noncarrier <> taşıy
nonce <> şimdi
nonchalance <> kayıt
nonchalance <> soğuk
nonchalance <> umurs
nonchalant <> heyec
nonchalant <> ilgis
nonchalant <> kayıt
nonchalant <> lakay
nonchalant <> soğuk
noncircular <> daire
nonclassical <> klasi
nonclinical <> klini
noncom <> çavuş
noncom <> erbaş
noncom <> onbaş
noncombustible <> yanma
noncommercial <> ticar
noncommissioned <> astsu
noncommittal <> çekim
noncommittal <> fikri
noncommittal <> taraf
noncommittal <> yansı
noncommunicable <> bulaş
noncommunicating <> ilişk
noncommutative <> nonko
noncommutativity <> yerde
noncompatible <> uyums
noncompetitive <> yarış
noncompliance <> itaat
noncompliance <> karşı
noncompliance <> uymam
noncompliant <> uyuml
noncomplicated <> geliş
noncondensing <> yoğuş
nonconducting <> yalıt
nonconductive <> iletk
nonconductor <> iletk
nonconductor <> yalıt
nonconformance <> uygun
nonconformances <> uygun
nonconforming <> Uygun
nonconformist <> Angli
nonconformist <> toplu
nonconformities <> uygun
nonconformity <> ayak
nonconformity <> bağda
nonconformity <> resmi
nonconformity <> uymam
nonconservative <> korun
noncontact <> Temas
noncontiguous <> izlem
noncontributory <> işver
noncontrolled <> kontr
nonconventional <> gelen
nonconvulsive <> Nonko
noncooperation <> diren
noncooperation <> hüküm
noncorroding <> pasla
noncorrosive <> pasla
noncovalent <> Nonko
noncredit <> notu;
noncritical <> kriti
noncrystalline <> Krist
nonda <> Nonda
nondegradable <> Parça
nondegree <> diplo
nondenominational <> mezhe
nondepolarizing <> Nonde
nondescript <> alelâ
nondescript <> sırad
nondescript <> tanım
nondescript <> tarif
nondescriptive <> tanım
nondestructive <> tahri
nondiabetic <> Diyab
nondiabetics <> diyab
nondirectional <> yönsü
nondisabled <> özürl
nondisclosure <> gizli
nondiscriminatory <> ayırı
nondurable <> Dayan
none <> hiç
none <> hiç 
none <> hiçbi
noneffective <> etkis
noneffective <> geçer
noneffective <> işe
noneffective <> işe 
noneffective <> yaram
nonelectrolyte <> Elekt
nonempty <> boş
nonencrypted <> şifre
nonentity <> önems
nonentity <> bir 
nonentity <> hiçli
nonentity <> solda
nonentity <> var 
nonenzymatic <> nonen
nonepileptic <> Konve
nones <> katol
nonessential <> önems
nonessential <> gerek
nonessential <> ikinc
nonessentials <> hayat
nonesuch <> benze
nonesuch <> eşsiz
nonesuch <> kabay
nonetheless <> bunun
nonetheless <> her 
nonetheless <> yine
nonette <> Nonet
nonexclusive <> münha
nonexistence <> var 
nonexistence <> yoklu
nonexistent <> var
nonexistent <> var 
nonexposed <> görme
nonfading <> güneş
nonfading <> solma
nonfat <> yağsı
nonfatal <> ölümc
nonfeasance <> yüküm
nonferrous <> Demir
nonfiction <> kurgu
nonfinancial <> finan
nonflammable <> ateş
nonflammable <> yanma
nonfood <> Gıda
nonformal <> Yaygı
nonfreezing <> antif
nonfreezing <> donma
nonfunctional <> nonfo
nong <> Nong
nongovernment <> devle
nongovernmental <> sivil
nonhandicapped <> engel
nonhazardous <> zarar
nonhemolytic <> hemol
nonhierarchical <> aşama
nonhomogeneous <> Homoj
nonhuman <> insan
nonideal <> ideal
nonimmune <> nonim
nonindigenous <> Nonin
noninfected <> Nonin
noninfectious <> nonin
noninfective <> enfek
noninflammable <> ateş
noninflammable <> parla
noninflammable <> yanma
noninflammatory <> enfla
noninflationary <> enfla
noninfringement <> ihlal
nonintegrated <> Enteg
noninteractive <> Etkil
noninterest <> faiz
noninterference <> karış
noninterlaced <> taram
noninvasive <> nonin
noninvasively <> nonin
noninverting <> evirm
nonionic <> noniy
nonionizing <> iyonl
nonius <> Noniu
nonketotic <> nonke
nonleaded <> kurşu
nonlethal <> ölümc
nonlinear <> doğru
nonlinearities <> nonli
nonlinearity <> doğru
nonlinearly <> nonli
nonliving <> cansı
nonlocal <> yerel
nonlocalized <> yerel
nonmagnetic <> manye
nonmaleficence <> zarar
nonmalignant <> malig
nonmeasurable <> Ölçül
nonmedical <> tıp
nonmelanoma <> melan
nonmembers <> üye
nonmetal <> ameta
nonmetal <> maden
nonmetallic <> ameta
nonmetallic <> maden
nonmetals <> ameta
nonmetric <> metri
nonmigratory <> doku
nonmilitary <> asker
nonmonetary <> paras
nonmotile <> harek
nonnative <> İngil
nonnegative <> Negat
nonneoplastic <> nonne
nonnuclear <> konva
nonnuclear <> nükle
nonnumeric <> sayıs
nonnutritive <> besle
nonobese <> obez
nonobservance <> çiğne
nonobservance <> riaye
nonobservance <> uymam
nonobservant <> kural
nonobstructive <> nonob
nonodontogenic <> nonod
nonoperating <> çalış
nonoperative <> ameli
nonoverlapping <> örtüş
nonpalpable <> nonpa
nonparallel <> paral
nonparametric <> nonpa
nonpareil <> altı
nonpareil <> benze
nonpareil <> eşsiz
nonpareil <> emsal
nonpareil <> table
nonpartisan <> parti
nonpathogenic <> patoj
nonpathological <> patol
nonpatients <> hasta
nonpayment <> ödeme
nonpenetrating <> nonpe
nonperforming <> donuk
nonperiodic <> periy
nonperishable <> bozul
nonperishable <> dayan
nonpermanent <> Çözül
nonphysical <> fizik
nonplus <> şaşır
nonplus <> şaşkı
nonplus <> hayre
nonpoint <> Nonpo
nonpolar <> apola
nonpolitical <> siyas
nonpolluting <> çevre
nonpolluting <> doğay
nonporous <> gözen
nonpregnant <> Gebe
nonprescription <> reçet
nonprinting <> basıl
nonproductive <> balga
nonprofessional <> amaçl
nonprofessionals <> profe
nonprofit <> kâr
nonprofit <> kâr a
nonprofit <> kâr e
nonprofits <> kar
nonprogrammable <> progr
nonprogressive <> nonpr
nonproliferation <> Yayıl
nonproportional <> orant
nonprotein <> prote
nonpsychotic <> psiko
nonpublic <> kamuy
nonqualified <> vasıf
nonquota <> kota
nonquota <> kotas
nonrandom <> rasge
nonreactive <> reakt
nonrecognition <> kılma
nonrecoverable <> geri
nonrecurring <> tekra
nonrefundable <> iade
nonremovable <> çıkar
nonrenewable <> Yenil
nonresident <> bölge
nonresident <> geçic
nonresident <> ikame
nonresidents <> Yurtd
nonrespondents <> yanıt
nonresponder <> cevap
nonresponders <> verme
nonresponse <> yanıt
nonresponsive <> Düzel
nonrevolutionary <> devri
nonrigid <> bağla
nonrigid <> esnek
nonrigid <> gevşe
nonrigid <> iskel
nonscheduled <> progr
nonscheduled <> tarif
nonsecretory <> Nonse
nonsectarian <> mezhe
nonsecure <> Güven
nonselective <> seçic
nonsense <> fasa
nonsense <> saçma
nonsense <> safsa
nonsense <> zırva
nonsenses <> saçma
nonsensical <> abes
nonsensical <> abuk
nonsensical <> anlam
nonsensical <> ipe 
nonsensical <> saçma
nonsensically <> z
nonsensicalness <> anlam
nonsensicalness <> saçma
nonsignificant <> anlam
nonsignificantly <> anlam
nonskid <> kayma
nonslip <> kayma
nonsmall <> Suat
nonsmoker <> sigar
nonsmokers <> içmey
nonsmoking <> sigar
nonspecific <> nonsp
nonstandard <> stand
nonstandardized <> stand
nonstationary <> durağ
nonsteroidal <> Nonst
nonstick <> yapış
nonstop <> aktar
nonstop <> ara 
nonstop <> aralı
nonstop <> devam
nonstop <> direk
nonstop <> durma
nonstop <> ekspr
nonstop <> kesin
nonstop <> sürek
nonstress <> Nonst
nonstructural <> yapıs
nonsuch <> benze
nonsuch <> eşsiz
nonsuit <> davan
nonsuit <> davay
nonsuit <> takip
nonsuppression <> nonsu
nonsurgical <> cerra
nonsusceptible <> duyar
nontechnical <> tekni
nonterminals <> sözdi
nonthermal <> Isısa
nontoxic <> toksi
nontraditional <> alışı
nontransferable <> devre
nontraumatic <> nontr
nontreatment <> tedav
nontrivial <> saçma
nontronite <> nontr
nonuniform <> birör
nonunion <> kayna
nonunions <> kayna
nonusers <> KMY
nonvalent <> değer
nonverbal <> sözsü
nonverbally <> konuş
nonviable <> adete
nonviolence <> Şidde
nonviolent <> şidde
nonviolent <> pasif
nonviolent <> sessi
nonvolatile <> kalıc
nonwhite <> beyaz
nonworking <> dışı
nonwovens <> dokun
nonyl <> nonil
nonzero <> sıfır
noodle <> şehri
noodle <> budal
noodle <> erişt
noodle <> kafa
noodle <> saksı
noodles <> erişt
nook <> köşe
nook <> kuytu
nookie <> Nooki
nooks <> köşe
noon <> öğle
noon <> öğlen
noonan <> Noona
noonday <> öğle
noons <> öğle
noontide <> öğle
noontime <> öğle
noose <> bağ
noose <> bağla
noose <> ilişk
noose <> ilmek
noose <> ilmik
noose <> kemen
noose <> tuzak
nooses <> tuzak
nopal <> Frenk
nopal <> Hint
nope <> hayır
nope <> olmaz
nope <> yok
nor <> de 
nor <> ne
nor <> ne 
noradrenaline <> norad
noradrenergic <> norad
nordic <> İskan
nordic <> Kuzey
norepinephrine <> norep
norethindrone <> noret
norethisterone <> noret
norfloxacin <> norfl
norian <> Noriy
nork <> Nork
norland <> Norla
norm <> örnek
norm <> model
norm <> norm
norm <> stand
norm <> tip
normal <> dik 
normal <> dikey
normal <> norma
normal <> olağa
normal <> ortal
normal <> stand
normal <> tipik
normalcy <> norma
normalisation <> norma
normalisation <> stand
normalise <> norma
normalise <> stand
normalised <> norma
normaliser <> Norma
normalises <> norma
normalising <> norma
normality <> dikey
normality <> norma
normality <> olağa
normalization <> norma
normalization <> stand
normalize <> norma
normalize <> stand
normalized <> norma
normalizer <> norma
normalizes <> norma
normalizing <> norma
normally <> genel
normally <> norma
normals <> norma
norman <> Norma
norman <> norma
normande <> Norma
normans <> Norma
normative <> örneğ
normative <> örnek
normative <> düzgü
normative <> norma
normatively <> norma
normed <> norml
normobaric <> normo
normoblasts <> normo
normocapnia <> normo
normochromic <> normo
normocytic <> normo
normotensive <> normo
normotensives <> normo
normothermia <> normo
normothermic <> normo
normoxia <> normo
norms <> norml
norns <> Norn
north <> kuzey
northbound <> kuzey
northeast <> kuzey
northeaster <> kuzey
northeaster <> poyra
northeaster <> su 
northeasterly <> kuzey
northeasterly <> poyra
northeastern <> kuzey
northeastward <> kuzey
northeastwards <> kuzey
norther <> kuzey
northerly <> kuzey
northern <> kuzey
northerner <> kuzey
northerners <> Kuzey
northernmost <> en
northernmost <> en 
northing <> kuzey
northland <> North
northlands <> North
northward <> kuzey
northwards <> kuzey
northwest <> kuzey
northwester <> karay
northwester <> kuzey
northwesterly <> kuzey
northwestern <> kuzey
northwestward <> kuzey
nortriptyline <> nortr
noscapine <> Noska
nose <> burnu
nose <> burun
nose <> dikka
nose <> emzik
nose <> geniz
nose <> kokla
nose <> koku
nose <> meme
nose <> uçak
nosebag <> yem
nosebag <> yem 
nosebleed <> burun
nosebleeds <> burun
nosecone <> roket
nosed <> burun
nosedive <> başaş
nosedive <> hızla
nosedive <> pike
nosegay <> çiçek
nosepiece <> burun
nosepiece <> mikro
noses <> burun
nosey <> başka
nosey <> güzel
nosey <> her 
nosey <> küf 
nosey <> kokul
nosey <> merak
nosiness <> her
nosiness <> her 
nosocomial <> nozok
nosological <> nozol
nosology <> hasta
nostalgia <> özlem
nostalgia <> geçmi
nostalgia <> hasre
nostalgia <> nosta
nostalgia <> vatan
nostalgic <> geçmi
nostalgic <> nosta
nostalgic <> yurt
nostalgically <> nosta
nostos <> Nosto
nostril <> burun
nostrils <> burun
nostrum <> her
nostrum <> her 
nostrum <> kocak
nosy <> başka
nosy <> güzel
nosy <> her 
nosy <> küf 
nosy <> kokul
nosy <> merak
not <> değil
not <> yok
notability <> şöhre
notability <> saygı
notability <> tanın
notable <> ünlü
notable <> şöhre
notable <> dikka
notable <> ileri
notable <> saygı
notable <> tanın
notable <> unutu
notables <> şöhre
notables <> ileri
notables <> kodam
notables <> seçki
notably <> özell
notarial <> noter
notaries <> noter
notarised <> noter
notarization <> Noter
notarize <> noter
notarized <> noter
notary <> noter
notaryship <> Noter
notation <> işare
notation <> not 
notation <> notal
notation <> notas
notational <> dönme
notations <> göste
notch <> çenti
notch <> çentm
notch <> çetel
notch <> dar 
notch <> diş
notch <> diş 
notch <> gedik
notch <> gez
notch <> kerti
notched <> çenti
notched <> dişli
notched <> gedik
notcher <> Köşe
notches <> çenti
notching <> çenti
note <> önem
note <> belge
note <> belir
note <> dikka
note <> farke
note <> fatur
note <> işare
note <> kâğıt
note <> not
note <> not 
note <> nota
note <> notal
note <> prote
note <> pusul
note <> saygı
note <> senet
note <> yazma
notebook <> defte
notebook <> muhtı
notebook <> not 
notebooks <> noteb
noted <> ünlü
noted <> belir
noted <> dikka
noted <> kayde
noted <> meşhu
noted <> tanın
notedly <> özell
notedly <> bilha
notepads <> blokn
notes <> not
notes <> notla
notetaker <> not
notetakers <> Not
noteworthy <> öneml
noteworthy <> dikka
noteworthy <> takdi
nothing <> asla
nothing <> boş 
nothing <> hiç
nothing <> hiçbi
nothing <> katiy
nothing <> olmaz
nothing <> sıfır
nothingness <> anlam
nothingness <> bilin
nothingness <> boşlu
nothingness <> hiçli
nothings <> hiçbi
notice <> önems
notice <> bildi
notice <> bilgi
notice <> dikka
notice <> duyur
notice <> eleşt
notice <> farkı
notice <> farke
notice <> genel
notice <> ihbar
notice <> ihtar
notice <> ikaz
notice <> ilan
notice <> mühle
notice <> süre
notice <> uyarı
noticeability <> Farke
noticeable <> belli
noticeable <> dikka
noticeable <> farke
noticeable <> göze
noticeably <> farke
noticed <> fark
notices <> bildi
noticing <> fark
notifiable <> bildi
notifiable <> haber
notification <> bildi
notification <> duyur
notification <> ihbar
notification <> tebli
notifications <> bildi
notified <> Onayl
notifiers <> bildi
notifies <> bildi
notify <> bildi
notify <> haber
notify <> ihtar
notify <> tebli
notifying <> haber
noting <> belir
noting <> not 
notion <> eğili
notion <> fikir
notion <> görüş
notion <> heves
notion <> kanı
notion <> kavra
notional <> görec
notional <> hayal
notional <> itiba
notional <> kapri
notional <> kavra
notional <> kuram
notional <> soyut
notionally <> kavra
notions <> cici
notions <> kavra
notions <> tuhaf
notochord <> Notok
notoriety <> adı 
notoriety <> dile
notoriety <> kötü
notorious <> adı
notorious <> adı 
notorious <> dile
notorious <> kötü
notoriously <> Rootk
nots <> fakir
nott <> Nott
notting <> çeker
notts <> Notts
notus <> Notus
notwithstanding <> -dığı
notwithstanding <> -mesi
notwithstanding <> buna
notwithstanding <> bunun
notwithstanding <> gerçi
notwithstanding <> karşı
notwithstanding <> mamaf
notwithstanding <> rağme
notwithstanding <> yine
nougat <> koz
nougat <> koz 
nought <> hiç
nought <> sıfır
noughts <> Nough
noumena <> Noume
noumenon <> Noume
noun <> ad
noun <> isim
nouns <> isiml
nourish <> büyüt
nourish <> besle
nourish <> deste
nourish <> gütme
nourished <> besle
nourishes <> besle
nourishing <> besle
nourishing <> geliş
nourishment <> besin
nourishment <> besle
nourishment <> gıda
nourishments <> besin
nous <> akıl
nous <> idrak
nous <> sağdu
nous <> zekâ
nouveaux <> Nouve
nouvelles <> Nouve
nova <> birde
nova <> nova
novaculite <> Novak
novae <> nova
novas <> Novas
novation <> yenil
novator <> Novat
novel <> acayi
novel <> roman
novel <> yeni
novelette <> hafif
novelette <> kısa
novelette <> serbe
novelist <> roman
novelist <> yazar
novelistic <> roman
novelistic <> yazar
novelists <> roman
novelization <> roman
novelize <> roman
novelized <> senar
novella <> kısa
novellas <> novel
novelle <> Novel
novels <> roman
novelties <> tuhaf
novelties <> yenil
novelty <> acayi
novelty <> tuhaf
novelty <> yeni
novelty <> yenil
novena <> Noven
novice <> acemi
novice <> papaz
novice <> rahib
novice <> yeni
novices <> acemi
noviciate <> çırak
noviciate <> acemi
novitiate <> çırak
novitiate <> acemi
novobiocin <> novob
novocaine <> Novoc
novum <> Novum
now <> şimdi
now <> şu 
now <> -dığı
now <> acile
now <> derha
now <> halen
now <> hemen
now <> madem
nowadays <> şimdi
nowadays <> bu 
nowadays <> günüm
noway <> Noway
nowcasting <> Anlık
nowhere <> hiçbi
nowise <> asla
nowise <> hiçbi
noxious <> muzır
noxious <> tehli
noxious <> zarar
noxiousness <> muzır
noy <> Noy
noyes <> Noyes
nozzle <> ağızl
nozzle <> burun
nozzle <> hortu
nozzle <> ibrik
nozzles <> memel
nth <> n'inc
nth <> son
nuance <> ayırt
nuance <> ince
nuance <> nüans
nuanced <> nüans
nuances <> nüans
nub <> esas
nub <> topak
nub <> yumru
nub <> yuvar
nubble <> yumru
nubbly <> yumru
nubia <> Nubia
nubile <> çekic
nubile <> evlen
nubile <> gelin
nubility <> ergin
nubility <> evlen
nubs <> Nubs
nubuck <> nubuk
nucellus <> tohum
nuchal <> nukal
nuclear <> çekir
nuclear <> atom
nuclear <> nükle
nuclearization <> nükle
nuclease <> nükle
nucleases <> nükle
nucleate <> çekir
nucleated <> çekir
nucleating <> çekir
nucleation <> çekir
nuclei <> esasl
nucleic <> nükle
nuclein <> nükle
nucleocapsid <> nükle
nucleoid <> nükle
nucleolar <> nükle
nucleoli <> nukle
nucleolus <> çekir
nucleon <> çekir
nucleon <> nükle
nucleonic <> nükle
nucleons <> nükle
nucleophile <> nükle
nucleophiles <> Nükle
nucleophilic <> nükle
nucleoplasm <> çekir
nucleoprotein <> nükle
nucleoproteins <> nükle
nucleoside <> nükle
nucleosides <> nükle
nucleosome <> nükle
nucleosomes <> nükle
nucleosynthesis <> nükle
nucleotidase <> Nükle
nucleotide <> nükle
nucleotides <> nükle
nucleus <> çekir
nucleus <> öz
nucleus <> atom
nucleus <> nüve
nucleus <> sinir
nucleuses <> çekir
nuclide <> nükli
nuclides <> nükli
nude <> çıpla
nude <> geçer
nude <> hüküm
nude <> nü
nude <> ten 
nudge <> dürtm
nudge <> dirse
nudge <> hafif
nudged <> dürtt
nudges <> Tepki
nudibranches <> deniz
nudism <> çıpla
nudist <> çıpla
nudity <> çıpla
nudity <> fakir
nudity <> yoklu
nudnik <> yapış
nuff <> Nuff
nugatory <> abes
nugatory <> boş
nugatory <> değer
nugatory <> fayda
nugatory <> hüküm
nugget <> küçük
nugget <> külçe
nuggets <> Nugge
nuisance <> baş 
nuisance <> belâ
nuisance <> dert
nuisance <> rahat
nuisance <> sıkıc
nuisance <> sıkın
nuisances <> sıkın
nuke <> atom
nuke <> nükle
null <> önems
null <> boş
null <> geçer
null <> hüküm
null <> hiç
null <> işe 
null <> sıfır
nullah <> Nulla
nullification <> etkis
nullification <> geçer
nullification <> iptal
nullified <> geçer
nullify <> etkis
nullify <> geçer
nullify <> hüküm
nullify <> iptal
nullifying <> bozar
nullipara <> nulli
nulliparity <> nulli
nulliparous <> nulli
nullity <> boşlu
nullity <> geçer
nullity <> hiç
nullity <> hiçli
nullity <> iptal
nulls <> NULL
numb <> donak
numb <> dondu
numb <> duygu
numb <> hissi
numb <> uyuşm
numb <> uyuşt
numb <> uyuşu
numbat <> Numba
numbed <> uyuşt
number <> adet
number <> hesap
number <> hoş 
number <> içerm
number <> katıl
number <> katma
number <> müzik
number <> mikta
number <> numar
number <> rakam
number <> sayı
number <> sayma
number <> tip
number <> yaşın
numbered <> numar
numbered <> sayıl
numbering <> numar
numberless <> pek 
numberless <> sayıs
numbers <> Şiir
numbers <> Eski
numbers <> numar
numbers <> sayıl
numbing <> uyuşt
numbness <> hissi
numbness <> uyuşm
numbness <> uyuşu
numbskull <> manka
numen <> güdü
numerable <> sayıl
numeracy <> aritm
numeral <> adet
numeral <> rakam
numeral <> sayı
numeral <> sayıs
numerals <> sayıl
numerary <> sayı
numerate <> numar
numerate <> rakam
numerating <> Numar
numeration <> numar
numeration <> sayıl
numerator <> pay
numeric <> sayıs
numerical <> sayı
numerical <> sayıc
numerical <> sayıs
numerically <> sayı
numerically <> sayıc
numerics <> Rakam
numerology <> numer
numerology <> rakam
numerous <> çok
numerous <> çok 
numerous <> bir 
numerous <> sayıs
numerously <> defal
numinous <> akıl
numinous <> esrar
numismatic <> madal
numismatic <> maden
numismatics <> madal
numismatics <> nümis
numismatist <> nümis
numismatists <> nümis
nummulite <> nummu
nummulites <> Nummu
nummulitic <> nummu
nummulitidae <> Nummu
numskull <> ahmak
numskull <> kalın
numskull <> manka
nun <> rahib
nunchaku <> Nunch
nunchakus <> Nunch
nunciature <> papal
nuncio <> papal
nuncupative <> sözlü
nuncupative <> yazıl
nunnery <> rahib
nuns <> rahib
nuptial <> düğün
nuptial <> evlen
nuptial <> evlil
nuptial <> gerde
nuptial <> nikâh
nuptials <> düğün
nuptials <> nikâh
nuraghe <> Nuray
nurl <> nURL
nurs <> Nurs
nurse <> özen
nurse <> bakıc
nurse <> bakıl
nurse <> bakım
nurse <> bakma
nurse <> besle
nurse <> dadı
nurse <> dert
nurse <> deste
nurse <> emzir
nurse <> hasta
nurse <> hemşi
nurse <> işçi
nurse <> ilgil
nurse <> iyile
nurse <> kafay
nurse <> kolla
nurse <> meme
nurse <> tedav
nursed <> emzir
nurseling <> özenl
nurseling <> bakım
nurseling <> iyi
nurseling <> iyi 
nurseling <> süt 
nursemaid <> bakıc
nursemaid <> bebek
nursemaid <> dadı
nurser <> Nurse
nurseries <> kreşl
nursery <> çocuk
nursery <> üretm
nursery <> anaok
nursery <> bakım
nursery <> fidan
nursery <> kreş
nursery <> yuva
nurseryman <> fidan
nurses <> hemşi
nursing <> bakıc
nursing <> bakım
nursing <> doğum
nursing <> emzir
nursing <> hasta
nursing <> hemşi
nursling <> özenl
nursling <> bakım
nursling <> iyi 
nursling <> süt
nursling <> süt 
nurture <> büyüt
nurture <> bakım
nurture <> besle
nurture <> terbi
nurture <> yetiş
nurture <> yiyec
nurtured <> besle
nurtures <> besle
nurturing <> besle
nut <> çılgı
nut <> çatla
nut <> ceviz
nut <> delic
nut <> fındı
nut <> kaçık
nut <> kabuk
nut <> kafa
nut <> sap
nut <> somun
nutation <> nütas
nutbrown <> fındı
nutcase <> deli
nutcase <> kaçık
nutcracker <> ceviz
nutcracker <> fındı
nutcracker <> kökna
nutcracker <> kanca
nutgall <> meşe
nuthatch <> sıvac
nuthouse <> akıl
nuthouse <> tımar
nutmeg <> küçük
nutmegs <> Nutme
nutraceuticals <> nutra
nutria <> Güney
nutricia <> Nutri
nutriens <> besin
nutrient <> besin
nutrient <> besle
nutrient <> gıda
nutrient <> yapı
nutrients <> besin
nutrilite <> NUTRI
nutriment <> besin
nutriment <> gıda
nutriments <> besin
nutrition <> besin
nutrition <> besle
nutrition <> gıda
nutritional <> besin
nutritional <> besle
nutritionally <> besle
nutritionals <> Nutri
nutritionist <> besle
nutritionist <> diyet
nutritionists <> besle
nutritions <> besin
nutritious <> besle
nutritious <> gıdal
nutritive <> besle
nutritive <> sindi
nuts <> çılgı
nuts <> asla
nuts <> deli
nuts <> fındı
nuts <> halt
nuts <> hayal
nuts <> hoş 
nuts <> illal
nuts <> taşak
nutshell <> fındı
nutshell <> kabuk
nutting <> Nutti
nutty <> çatla
nutty <> ceviz
nutty <> deli
nutty <> fındı
nutty <> kaçık
nutty <> kafad
nuzzle <> burnu
nuzzle <> sokul
nyala <> Nyala
nyamwezi <> Nyamw
nyanza <> Nyanz
nybble <> Nybbl
nyctohylophobia <> Nycto
nyentek <> Nyent
nyes <> nEvet
nylon <> naylo
nylons <> naylo
nymph <> güzel
nymph <> nimfa
nymph <> orman
nymph <> su
nymph <> su 
nymph <> yenil
nymphaea <> Nymph
nymphal <> nimf
nymphalis <> Nymph
nymphet <> çekic
nymphet <> seksi
nymphette <> Nymph
nympho <> azgın
nymphomania <> aşırı
nymphomania <> seks
nymphomaniac <> seks
nymphs <> peril
nys <> NYS
nyssa <> Nyssa
nystagmus <> nista
nystatin <> nista
oad <> OAD
oaf <> becer
oaf <> hödük
oaf <> sakar
oaf <> serse
oafish <> aptal
oafish <> becer
oafish <> serse
oak <> ana 
oak <> meşe
oaken <> meşe
oaken <> meşed
oakling <> küçük
oakmoss <> meşe
oaks <> meşe
oakum <> üstüp
oar <> fırın
oar <> işçi
oar <> kürek
oared <> kürek
oarlock <> ıskar
oarlock <> kürek
oars <> Kürek
oarsman <> kürek
oarsmanship <> kürek
oarsmen <> kürek
oarswoman <> kürek
oases <> vahal
oasis <> vaha
oast <> şerbe
oat <> yulaf
oaten <> yulaf
oath <> ant
oath <> küfür
oath <> sövgü
oath <> yemin
oaths <> yemin
oatmeal <> yulaf
oats <> yulaf
ob <> Obi 
ob <> ob
obcordate <> kâlp
obcordate <> obkor
obducted <> bindi
obduction <> üzerl
obduracy <> inatç
obduracy <> katı
obdurate <> inatç
obdurate <> katı
obdurate <> taş 
obe <> zenci
obeah <> zenci
obedience <> bağlı
obedience <> boyun
obedience <> itaat
obedience <> sadak
obedient <> itaat
obedient <> söz 
obedient <> sadık
obedient <> yumuş
obediently <> itaat
obeisance <> önünd
obeisance <> baş 
obeisance <> hürme
obeisance <> saygı
obeisances <> itaat
obeisant <> hürme
obeisant <> saygı
obelisk <> başvu
obelisk <> dikil
obelisk <> köşel
obelisk <> obeli
obelisks <> dikil
obelus <> başvu
oberon <> Obero
obese <> şişko
obese <> şişma
obese <> aşırı
obese <> yağ 
obesity <> şişma
obesity <> aşırı
obey <> dinle
obey <> itaat
obey <> riaye
obey <> söz 
obey <> sadak
obey <> uymak
obeyed <> itaat
obeying <> uyara
obeys <> uyar
obfuscate <> şaşır
obfuscate <> allak
obfuscate <> kafas
obfuscate <> karar
obfuscated <> karar
obfuscating <> şaşır
obfuscations <> şaşır
obfuscator <> obfus
obi <> zenci
obis <> OBIS
obit <> Obit
obits <> Obits
obituaries <> ölüm
obituary <> ölüm
obituary <> ölen
obituary <> anma
object <> şey
object <> amaç
object <> cins
object <> cisim
object <> gaye
object <> hedef
object <> itira
object <> karşı
object <> nesne
object <> obje
object <> razı
objected <> itira
objectification <> nesne
objectified <> nesne
objectifies <> obje
objectify <> nesne
objectify <> somut
objectifying <> nesne
objecting <> itira
objection <> itira
objection <> karşı
objection <> mahzu
objection <> sakın
objectionable <> hoş 
objectionable <> itira
objectionable <> mahzu
objectionable <> sakın
objectionable <> tatsı
objections <> itira
objectivation <> nesne
objective <> amaç
objective <> amaçl
objective <> erek
objective <> hedef
objective <> ismin
objective <> merce
objective <> nesne
objective <> objek
objective <> taraf
objectively <> objek
objectively <> taraf
objectiveness <> taraf
objectives <> hedef
objectivism <> nesne
objectivist <> nesne
objectivistic <> nesne
objectivities <> nesne
objectivity <> taraf
objectless <> amaçs
objectless <> hedef
objector <> itira
objector <> karşı
objector <> muhal
objectors <> retçi
objects <> nesne
objurgate <> azarl
objurgate <> payla
objurgation <> azar
objurgation <> payla
oblate <> kendi
oblate <> kutup
oblation <> Tanrı
oblation <> aşai
oblation <> adak
oblation <> kurba
obligate <> mecbu
obligate <> zorla
obligate <> zorun
obligated <> zorun
obligates <> yüküm
obligating <> tazmi
obligation <> ödev
obligation <> borç
obligation <> mecbu
obligation <> minne
obligation <> senet
obligation <> yüküm
obligation <> zorun
obligational <> Borç
obligations <> yüküm
obligatorily <> zorun
obligators <> borçl
obligatory <> gerek
obligatory <> mecbu
obligatory <> zorun
oblige <> bağla
oblige <> iyili
oblige <> lütfe
oblige <> mecbu
oblige <> memnu
oblige <> minne
oblige <> zorun
obliged <> minne
obliged <> zorun
obligee <> alaca
obliges <> mecbu
obliging <> nazik
obliging <> yardı
obligor <> borçl
obligor <> yüküm
oblique <> dolam
oblique <> dolay
oblique <> eğik
oblique <> eğri
oblique <> meyil
oblique <> meyle
oblique <> sapma
oblique <> yolda
obliquely <> oblik
obliqueness <> çarpı
obliqueness <> eğikl
obliqueness <> eğril
obliqueness <> sapma
obliqueness <> yolda
obliques <> obliq
obliquity <> eğili
obliquity <> eğim
obliquity <> meyil
obliquity <> sapma
obliquity <> yolda
obliterate <> bozma
obliterate <> silme
obliterate <> tıkam
obliterate <> yoket
obliterated <> oblit
obliterating <> oblit
obliteration <> bozma
obliteration <> silme
obliteration <> tahri
obliteration <> yok
obliteration <> yok 
obliterative <> oblit
oblivion <> af
oblivion <> farkı
oblivion <> genel
oblivion <> kayıt
oblivion <> unutm
oblivion <> unutu
oblivious <> haber
oblivious <> ihmal
oblivious <> ilgis
oblivious <> unutk
obliviousness <> unutk
oblong <> boyu
oblong <> dikdö
obloquy <> iftir
obloquy <> kötül
obloquy <> rezal
obloquy <> yüz 
obnoxious <> çirki
obnoxious <> iğren
obnoxious <> kötü
obnoxious <> pis
obnoxious <> uygun
oboe <> obua
oboes <> obua
oboist <> obuac
obovate <> obova
obruk <> Obruk
obscene <> açık
obscene <> ağıza
obscene <> müste
obscene <> pis
obscenities <> ayıp
obscenities <> terbi
obscenity <> açık
obscenity <> iğren
obscenity <> müste
obscurant <> cahil
obscurant <> geric
obscurantism <> geric
obscurantist <> cehal
obscurantist <> geric
obscuration <> ay 
obscuration <> karan
obscuration <> karar
obscure <> örtba
obscure <> ücra
obscure <> anlaş
obscure <> belir
obscure <> bilin
obscure <> gözle
obscure <> gizle
obscure <> karış
obscure <> karan
obscure <> karar
obscure <> kuytu
obscure <> loş
obscure <> sakla
obscure <> telâf
obscured <> gizle
obscurely <> belli
obscures <> gizle
obscuring <> engel
obscurity <> anlaş
obscurity <> bilin
obscurity <> gizli
obscurity <> karan
obscurity <> loşlu
obsequies <> cenaz
obsequious <> aşırı
obsequious <> yağcı
obsequious <> yalta
obsequiousness <> dalka
obsequiousness <> yağcı
obsequiousness <> yalta
observability <> gözle
observable <> ölçül
observable <> gözle
observable <> izlen
observable <> uyulm
observables <> gözle
observance <> ayin
observance <> dini
observance <> dinse
observance <> gözet
observance <> gelen
observance <> riaye
observance <> töre
observance <> tarik
observance <> usul
observance <> uyma
observance <> yerin
observances <> adap
observant <> bağlı
observant <> dikka
observant <> gözle
observant <> itaat
observant <> riaye
observant <> uyan
observation <> gözet
observation <> gözle
observation <> rasat
observation <> seyre
observation <> yorum
observational <> gözle
observations <> gözle
observator <> Obser
observatories <> gözle
observatory <> gözle
observatory <> rasat
observe <> demek
observe <> dikka
observe <> farke
observe <> görüş
observe <> görme
observe <> gözet
observe <> gözle
observe <> incel
observe <> izlem
observe <> kutla
observe <> riaye
observe <> söyle
observe <> uymak
observe <> yerin
observed <> gözle
observer <> gözcü
observer <> gözet
observer <> gözle
observer <> itaat
observer <> izley
observers <> gözle
observes <> gözle
observing <> gözet
observing <> gözle
observing <> incel
obsess <> kafas
obsess <> sapla
obsess <> tedir
obsess <> zihni
obsessed <> endiş
obsessed <> kafay
obsessed <> sapla
obsessed <> tedir
obsessing <> izliy
obsession <> sürek
obsession <> sabit
obsession <> sapla
obsession <> takın
obsessional <> obses
obsessions <> obses
obsessive <> akıld
obsessive <> obses
obsessive <> sabit
obsessive <> sapla
obsessivecompulsive <> Obses
obsessively <> takın
obsessor <> takın
obsidian <> obsid
obsidians <> obsid
obsolescence <> eskim
obsolescence <> kulla
obsolescence <> modas
obsolescent <> az 
obsolescent <> eskim
obsolete <> eski
obsolete <> eskil
obsolete <> kulla
obsolete <> modas
obstacle <> engel
obstacle <> ket
obstacle <> mani
obstacles <> engel
obstetric <> doğum
obstetric <> gebel
obstetrical <> obste
obstetrician <> doğum
obstetrician <> ebe
obstetricians <> kadın
obstetrics <> doğum
obstetrics <> ebeli
obstinacy <> hırçı
obstinacy <> inatç
obstinacy <> inat
obstinacy <> kroni
obstinacy <> müzmi
obstinate <> dik 
obstinate <> inatç
obstinate <> kroni
obstinate <> müzmi
obstinately <> inatl
obstreperous <> ele
obstreperous <> ele 
obstreperous <> gürül
obstreperous <> haşar
obstreperous <> yaram
obstreperous <> yayga
obstruct <> engel
obstruct <> kapam
obstruct <> tıkam
obstruct <> zorla
obstructed <> tıkal
obstructing <> tıkay
obstruction <> arıza
obstruction <> engel
obstruction <> kapam
obstruction <> set
obstruction <> tıkam
obstructionism <> engel
obstructionist <> engel
obstructions <> engel
obstructive <> engel
obstructive <> obstr
obstructive <> zorlu
obstructively <> engel
obstructiveness <> engel
obstructs <> engel
obtain <> bulma
obtain <> edinm
obtain <> elde
obtain <> geçer
obtain <> kazan
obtain <> süreg
obtain <> sağla
obtain <> var 
obtain <> varlı
obtainable <> bulun
obtainable <> elde
obtainable <> sağla
obtained <> Elde
obtaining <> edinm
obtainment <> bulma
obtainment <> elde
obtainment <> kazan
obtainment <> sağla
obtains <> elde
obtrude <> ısrar
obtrude <> zorla
obtrusion <> sırna
obtrusion <> sokma
obtrusion <> sokul
obtrusion <> yılış
obtrusion <> zorla
obtrusive <> çıkın
obtrusive <> sıkın
obtrusive <> sırna
obtrusive <> zorla
obturate <> kapam
obturate <> kapat
obturate <> mühür
obturate <> tıkam
obturated <> doldu
obturation <> kapam
obturation <> mühür
obturation <> tıkam
obtuse <> duygu
obtuse <> geniş
obtuse <> kör
obtuse <> kalın
obtuse <> kesme
obtuse <> salak
obtuseness <> duygu
obtuseness <> kalın
obtuseness <> manka
obtuseness <> salak
obverse <> mesel
obverse <> ters
obverse <> yüzü
obverse <> yüz
obverse <> yüz 
obversely <> tersi
obvert <> öbür
obvert <> önerm
obvert <> tersi
obviate <> çare
obviate <> önüne
obviate <> önlem
obviate <> gider
obviate <> karşı
obviate <> yetme
obviated <> nmak
obviates <> ortad
obviating <> kalma
obviation <> çare
obviation <> önüne
obviation <> gider
obviation <> ihtiy
obviation <> yeter
obvious <> açık
obvious <> apaçı
obvious <> besbe
obvious <> ortad
obviously <> açık
obviously <> apaçı
obviously <> belli
obviousness <> açıkl
obviousness <> besbe
occam <> Occam
occasion <> özel
occasion <> durum
occasion <> fırsa
occasion <> mahal
occasion <> neden
occasion <> ortam
occasion <> sıra
occasion <> sebep
occasion <> uygun
occasional <> ara 
occasional <> fırsa
occasional <> nadir
occasionally <> ara 
occasionally <> bazen
occasions <> vesil
occident <> Batı
occident <> batı
occident <> batıl
occidental <> batı
occidental <> batıl
occidentals <> Batıl
occipital <> artka
occipital <> oksip
occiput <> artka
occiput <> kafan
occlude <> önlem
occlude <> emmek
occlude <> kapam
occlude <> kapat
occlude <> kesme
occlude <> tıkam
occluded <> tıkal
occluder <> okluz
occluding <> tama
occlusal <> okluz
occlusion <> üst 
occlusion <> gazla
occlusion <> kapan
occlusion <> tıkam
occlusion <> tıkan
occlusions <> tıkan
occlusive <> tıkay
occult <> anlaş
occult <> büyül
occult <> bilin
occult <> doğaü
occult <> esrar
occult <> gizli
occultism <> doğaü
occultism <> gizli
occultist <> okült
occultists <> okült
occupancy <> dolul
occupancy <> işgal
occupancy <> kulla
occupancy <> oturm
occupant <> işgal
occupant <> kulla
occupant <> otura
occupants <> işgal
occupates <> yerle
occupation <> iş
occupation <> işgal
occupation <> kulla
occupation <> meşgu
occupation <> oturm
occupation <> uğraş
occupational <> iş
occupational <> meşgu
occupational <> mesle
occupationally <> mesle
occupations <> mesle
occupied <> dolu
occupied <> meşgu
occupier <> işgal
occupier <> kulla
occupier <> otura
occupiers <> İşgal
occupies <> kapla
occupy <> almak
occupy <> işgal
occupy <> meşgu
occupy <> oturm
occupy <> tutma
occupying <> işgal
occur <> çıkma
occur <> akla
occur <> cerey
occur <> görül
occur <> meyda
occur <> olmak
occur <> oluşm
occur <> ortay
occurence <> çıkma
occurence <> olay
occurence <> olma
occurence <> oluş
occurences <> oluşu
occurred <> oluşt
occurrence <> çıkma
occurrence <> olay
occurrence <> olma
occurrence <> oluş
occurrences <> oluşu
occurring <> meyda
occurs <> meyda
ocean <> derya
ocean <> okyan
oceanarium <> Ocean
oceanaut <> Ocean
oceaneering <> Ocean
oceanfront <> Ocean
oceanic <> okyan
oceanides <> OCEAN
oceanographers <> bilim
oceanographic <> oşino
oceanographical <> oşino
oceanography <> oşino
oceanography <> okyan
oceanology <> okyan
oceans <> okyan
oceanside <> okyan
oceanus <> Ocean
oceanview <> Ocean
ocellated <> basit
ocellated <> göz
ocellated <> göz 
ocellus <> basit
ocellus <> göz
ocellus <> göz 
ocelot <> Ocelo
ocher <> aşıbo
ocher <> koyu
ocher <> okra
ocher <> topra
ochlocracy <> avam
ochlocracy <> halk
ochotona <> Ochot
ochratoxin <> okrat
ochre <> aşıbo
ochre <> koyu
ochre <> okra
ochre <> topra
ochronosis <> okron
ochronotic <> okron
ocker <> Ocker
ocra <> Ocra
octa <> Octa
octagon <> sekiz
octagonal <> sekiz
octagons <> sekiz
octahedral <> sekiz
octahedron <> sekiz
octal <> oktal
octal <> sekiz
octanal <> oktan
octane <> oktan
octangular <> sekiz
octanol <> oktan
octant <> daire
octant <> oktan
octave <> oktav
octave <> yortu
octaves <> oktav
octennial <> sekiz
octet <> sekiz
octets <> oktet
octette <> sekiz
octoate <> oktoa
octogenarian <> sekse
octohedra <> octah
octohedron <> sekiz
octopod <> ahtap
octopus <> ahtap
octopus <> yaygı
octopuses <> ahtap
octosyllabic <> sekiz
octosyllable <> sekiz
octreotide <> oktre
octuple <> sekiz
octyl <> oktil
ocular <> göz
ocular <> göze
ocular <> gözle
ocular <> kesin
ocular <> oküle
ocularly <> gözle
ocularly <> kesin
oculars <> oküle
oculi <> okuli
oculist <> göz
oculist <> göz 
oculists <> göz
oculocardiac <> okülo
oculocutaneous <> okulo
oculomotor <> okülo
oculomucocutaneous <> okulo
oculus <> Oculu
oda <> Oda
odalisque <> cariy
odalisque <> odalı
odd <> acayi
odd <> ara 
odd <> artan
odd <> garip
odd <> küsur
odd <> sırad
odd <> tek
odd <> tek 
odd <> teki
odd <> tuhaf
oddball <> acayi
odder <> Odder
oddest <> garip
oddities <> tuhaf
oddity <> acayi
oddity <> antik
oddity <> garip
oddity <> tuhaf
oddly <> garip
oddly <> işin
oddly <> tuhaf
oddments <> artık
oddments <> dökün
oddments <> kırın
oddments <> ufak
oddness <> acayi
oddness <> garip
odds <> üstün
odds <> şans
odds <> anlaş
odds <> avant
odds <> fark
odds <> ihtim
odds <> kavga
odds <> olası
ode <> övgü
ode <> kasid
ode <> lirik
ode <> vezin
odea <> ODEA
odeon <> odeon
odeon <> tiyat
odeons <> odeon
odeum <> odeon
odeum <> tiyat
odin <> İskan
odin <> odin
odious <> iğren
odious <> tiksi
odiously <> iğren
odiousness <> iğren
odiousness <> nefre
odium <> ayıp
odium <> gizli
odium <> iğren
odium <> nefre
odium <> yüz 
odometer <> kilom
odometer <> odome
odometry <> odome
odonata <> Odona
odontalgia <> diş
odontalgia <> diş 
odontalgic <> diş
odontalgic <> diş 
odontic <> diş
odontoblastic <> odont
odontoblasts <> odont
odontoceti <> Odont
odontodysplasia <> odont
odontogenic <> odont
odontoid <> diş
odontoid <> diş 
odontologists <> diş
odontology <> diş
odontology <> diş 
odontomas <> odont
odor <> şöhre
odor <> itiba
odor <> iz
odor <> izlen
odor <> koku
odor <> saygı
odorant <> koku
odoriferous <> güzel
odoriferous <> hoş 
odoriferous <> kokul
odorless <> kokus
odorous <> hoş 
odorous <> kokul
odors <> kokul
odour <> şöhre
odour <> itiba
odour <> iz
odour <> izlen
odour <> koku
odour <> saygı
odouriferous <> güzel
odouriferous <> hoş 
odouriferous <> kokul
odourless <> kokus
odourous <> hoş 
odourous <> kokul
odours <> kokul
odynophagia <> odino
odyssey <> Odise
odyssey <> odyss
odyssey <> uzun
oecology <> çevre
oecology <> ekolo
oecumenical <> kilis
oedema <> ödem
oedema <> su 
oedemas <> ödem
oedematous <> ödema
oedipal <> ödipa
oenanthe <> Oenan
oenology <> şarap
oenothera <> Oenot
oersted <> Oerst
oesophageal <> yemek
oesophagectomy <> özofa
oesophagitis <> özofa
oesophagoscopy <> Özofa
oesophagus <> yemek
oesophagus <> yutak
oestradiol <> östra
oestrogen <> östro
oestrogen <> estro
oestrogenic <> östro
oestrogens <> östro
oestrous <> östrü
oestrus <> östru
of <> -ın
of <> -den
of <> -li
of <> -nin
of <> ve
of <> yüzün
off <> çıkar
off <> çıkmı
off <> öldür
off <> öteki
off <> -dan
off <> -den
off <> baş
off <> başla
off <> bozuk
off <> dışın
off <> defol
off <> devre
off <> geçer
off <> haric
off <> izinl
off <> kötü
off <> kapal
off <> kesik
off <> kopuk
off <> olası
off <> sağda
off <> sapa
off <> tamam
off <> ters
off <> uzağa
off <> uzak
off <> uzakt
off <> yorgu
offal <> çerçö
offal <> hayva
offal <> sakat
offals <> sakat
offbeat <> olağa
offbeat <> sırad
offbeat <> tuhaf
offbeat <> vurgu
offcast <> işe
offcast <> işe 
offence <> gücen
offence <> kâlbi
offence <> kırıl
offence <> saldı
offence <> suç
offence <> tecâv
offences <> Saldı
offend <> gücen
offend <> hoşge
offend <> incit
offend <> küstü
offend <> kırıl
offend <> kırma
offend <> renci
offend <> saldı
offend <> suç
offend <> suç 
offended <> dargı
offended <> gücen
offended <> küs
offended <> küskü
offended <> kırgı
offender <> kabah
offender <> suçlu
offenders <> suçlu
offending <> gücen
offending <> hoşa
offending <> incit
offending <> kırıc
offends <> rahat
offense <> gücen
offense <> kâlbi
offense <> kırıl
offense <> saldı
offense <> suç
offense <> tecâv
offenses <> Saldı
offensive <> hücum
offensive <> hakar
offensive <> iğren
offensive <> kötü
offensive <> pis
offensive <> saldı
offensively <> saldı
offensiveness <> iğren
offensiveness <> saldı
offensives <> taarr
offer <> öneri
offer <> açmak
offer <> adak
offer <> adama
offer <> arz
offer <> arzet
offer <> bağış
offer <> bildi
offer <> ikram
offer <> ortay
offer <> satış
offer <> sunma
offer <> sunum
offer <> tekli
offer <> verme
offered <> tekli
offerer <> mürac
offerers <> Tekli
offering <> adak
offering <> bağış
offering <> kilis
offering <> kurba
offering <> sunuş
offering <> tekli
offerings <> tekli
offeror <> İlan
offerors <> Tekli
offers <> tekli
offertory <> kilis
offhand <> düşün
offhand <> hazır
offhand <> kaba
offhand <> lauba
offhand <> nezak
offhand <> rasge
offhanded <> düşün
offhanded <> hazır
offhanded <> kaba
offhandedly <> kendi
offhandedness <> düşün
offhandedness <> ihmal
office <> ambar
office <> büro
office <> bakan
office <> devle
office <> dini
office <> görev
office <> ima
office <> kiler
office <> makam
office <> ofis
office <> sorum
officeholders <> ofis
officer <> idare
officer <> komut
officer <> memur
officer <> polis
officer <> subay
officers <> memur
offices <> ofisl
official <> devle
official <> memur
official <> resmi
officialdom <> memur
officialism <> bürok
officialism <> memur
officiality <> resmi
officially <> resme
officially <> resmi
officials <> yetki
officiary <> bütün
officiary <> görev
officiate <> görev
officiate <> tören
officiating <> Hakem
officinal <> şifal
officinal <> hazır
officinal <> ilaç
officious <> işgüz
officious <> yarı
officiousness <> işgüz
offing <> açık
offing <> engin
offish <> mesaf
offish <> soğuk
offish <> uzak
offline <> Çevri
offload <> bırak
offload <> satma
offload <> yükle
offloaded <> indir
offloading <> boşal
offprint <> ayrı
offput <> canın
offput <> soğut
offs <> off
offscourings <> çerçö
offscourings <> bozun
offscourings <> pisli
offscourings <> süprü
offscourings <> yüz
offscourings <> yüz 
offseason <> sezon
offset <> çıkın
offset <> bedel
offset <> dal
offset <> dalla
offset <> denge
offset <> denkl
offset <> dirse
offset <> karşı
offset <> kol
offset <> ofset
offset <> uzant
offsets <> uzakl
offsetting <> mahsu
offshoot <> şube
offshoot <> dal
offshoot <> filiz
offshoot <> soy
offshoot <> torun
offshore <> açık
offshore <> dış
offshore <> kıyıd
offshore <> yaban
offside <> araba
offside <> ofsay
offside <> sağ
offsides <> Ofsay
offsite <> dışın
offspring <> çoluk
offspring <> ürün
offspring <> döl
offspring <> yavru
offsprings <> Yavru
offstage <> kulis
offstage <> sahne
offtake <> indir
offtake <> revaç
offtake <> sürüm
offtake <> suyol
ofloxacin <> oflok
oft <> çoğu
oft <> sıkça
oft <> sık
oft <> sık 
often <> çoğu
often <> sıkça
often <> sık
often <> sık 
oftentimes <> Often
ofttimes <> çoğu
ofttimes <> sık
ofttimes <> sık 
ogam <> Ogam
ogee <> s
ogee <> s 
oggs <> OGGs
ogham <> Ogham
ogive <> bir
ogive <> bir 
ogive <> küt 
ogive <> sivri
ogives <> Güven
ogle <> aşıka
ogle <> arzu
ogle <> göz 
ogler <> aşıka
oglio <> Oglio
ogre <> canav
ogre <> insan
ogre <> zalim
ogres <> Dev
ogress <> insan
ogrish <> Ogris
oh <> aman
oh <> ey
oh <> o
oh <> oh
ohia <> Ohia
ohm <> elekt
ohm <> ohm
ohm <> om
ohmage <> elekt
ohmic <> omik
ohmmeter <> ohmme
ohms <> ohm
oho <> Oho
oil <> gaz
oil <> petro
oil <> sıvı
oil <> yağ
oil <> yağ 
oil <> yağcı
oil <> yağlı
oil <> yağla
oilbearing <> petro
oilcan <> yağ 
oilcan <> yağda
oilcloth <> balmu
oilcloth <> muşam
oilcloth <> mumlu
oilcup <> yağ 
oilcup <> yağda
oiled <> çakır
oiled <> sarho
oiled <> yağlı
oiler <> yağla
oilfield <> petro
oilfields <> sahal
oilily <> Oilil
oiliness <> yağcı
oiliness <> yağlı
oiling <> yağla
oils <> yağlı
oils <> yağla
oilseed <> yağlı
oilseeds <> yağlı
oilskin <> gamse
oilskin <> muşam
oilskins <> gamse
oilskins <> muşam
oilstone <> bileğ
oily <> çok 
oily <> yağcı
oily <> yağlı
oily <> yalta
ointment <> merhe
ointments <> merhe
oka <> OKA
okay <> akey
okay <> idare
okay <> iyi
okay <> makbu
okay <> okey
okay <> okeyl
okay <> oldu
okay <> olur
okay <> onay
okay <> onayl
okay <> peki
okay <> tamam
okay <> tasdi
okays <> yeşil
oker <> Oker
okra <> bamya
okras <> bamya
oktas <> Oktaş
old <> öncek
old <> bayat
old <> eski
old <> eskid
old <> eskim
old <> harik
old <> ihtiy
old <> köhne
old <> kart
old <> pişki
old <> tecrü
old <> yaşlı
olden <> eski
older <> Büyük
older <> büyük
older <> daha
oldest <> en
oldest <> en 
oldfashioned <> eski
oldie <> bayat
oldie <> eski
oldie <> ihtiy
oldie <> soğuk
oldie <> yaşlı
olding <> Oldin
oldish <> eskic
oldish <> ihtiy
oldish <> yaşlı
oldness <> eskil
oldness <> köhne
oldster <> ihtiy
oldster <> yaşlı
oldworld <> OldWo
oleaceae <> Oleac
oleaginous <> sahte
oleaginous <> yağ 
oleaginous <> yağcı
oleaginous <> yağlı
oleander <> zakku
oleanders <> zakku
oleaster <> iğde
oleate <> oleat
olecranon <> dirse
olefine <> olefi
olefines <> olefi
olefinic <> olefi
olefins <> olefi
oleic <> oleik
oleo <> marga
oleograph <> yağlı
oleomargarine <> marga
oleophilic <> yağ
oleophilic <> yağ 
oleoresins <> Oleor
oleum <> duman
olfaction <> kokla
olfaction <> koku
olfactive <> koku
olfactory <> kokla
olid <> Olid
olifants <> Olifa
oligarch <> oliga
oligarchic <> oliga
oligarchical <> Suriy
oligarchs <> oliga
oligarchy <> oliga
oligarchy <> zümre
oligochaeta <> Oligo
oligoclase <> oligo
oligoclonal <> oligo
oligodendrocytes <> oligo
oligodeoxyribonucleotide <> oligo
oligoelements <> oligo
oligohydramnios <> oligo
oligomenorrhea <> oligo
oligomenorrhoea <> Oligo
oligomeric <> oligo
oligomerisation <> oligo
oligomerization <> oligo
oligomers <> oligo
oligonucleotide <> oligo
oligonucleotides <> oligo
oligopeptide <> Oligo
oligopeptides <> oligo
oligopolistic <> oligo
oligopoly <> oligo
oligosaccharide <> oligo
oligosaccharides <> oligo
oligospermia <> oligo
oligotrophic <> oligo
oliguria <> oligü
olio <> derle
olio <> karış
olio <> karma
olio <> potpu
olio <> türlü
oliphant <> Oliph
olivary <> olive
olive <> zeyti
olivers <> Olive
olives <> zeyti
olivet <> OLIVE
olivine <> olivi
olivines <> olivi
olla <> güveç
olla <> türlü
olms <> Olms
ology <> YOLOJ
olpe <> Olpe
olympiad <> Olimp
olympiads <> olimp
olympics <> Olimp
olympics <> olymp
olympus <> Olimp
olympus <> Olymp
omber <> bir
omber <> bir 
ombre <> bir
ombre <> bir 
ombres <> Ombre
ombudsman <> halkı
ombudsman <> ombud
ombudsman <> soruş
ombudsmanship <> ombud
ombudsmen <> ombud
ombudsperson <> Ombud
ombudspersons <> ombud
omega <> Yunan
omega <> omega
omega <> son
omegas <> Omega
omelet <> omlet
omelets <> omlet
omelette <> omlet
omelettes <> omlet
omen <> alâme
omen <> gelec
omen <> kehan
omentectomy <> oment
omentopexy <> oment
omentoplasty <> oment
omentum <> bağır
omentum <> epipl
omeprazole <> omepr
omicron <> OMiCR
omikron <> Omikr
ominous <> meşum
ominous <> uğurs
ominously <> uğurs
omissible <> atlan
omissible <> yapıl
omission <> çıkar
omission <> atlam
omission <> atlan
omission <> ihmal
omission <> unutm
omissions <> noksa
omit <> çıkar
omit <> atlam
omit <> ihmal
omit <> savsa
omit <> unutm
omits <> atlar
omitted <> ihmal
omitting <> unutu
ommatidia <> küçük
omnibus <> çok 
omnibus <> antol
omnibus <> geniş
omnibus <> otobü
omnibus <> seçme
omnidirectional <> çok
omnifarious <> değiş
omnifarious <> her 
omnipotence <> her
omnipotence <> her 
omnipotent <> her
omnipotent <> her 
omnipresence <> her
omnipresence <> her 
omnipresent <> her 
omnipresent <> omnip
omniscience <> her
omniscience <> her 
omniscient <> bilge
omniscient <> her
omniscient <> her 
omnium <> çok
omnium <> çok 
omnivore <> Omniv
omnivorous <> her 
omnivorous <> ne
omnivorous <> ne 
omoplate <> kürek
omphacite <> omfas
omphalic <> göbek
omphalocele <> göbek
omphalocele <> omfal
omphalos <> göbek
omphalos <> merke
oms <> OMS
omy <> ANNEM
on <> çakır
on <> çalış
on <> üstün
on <> üzeri
on <> -de
on <> -e do
on <> beri
on <> bu 
on <> civar
on <> devam
on <> devre
on <> durma
on <> esnas
on <> giymi
on <> hazır
on <> ile
on <> olmak
on <> sürek
on <> sahne
on <> yönün
on <> yanık
onager <> mancı
onager <> yaban
onanism <> mastü
onanism <> yarım
onboard <> Tekne
once <> -ir-m
once <> bir
once <> bir 
once <> eskid
once <> hemen
once <> olur
onces <> Onces
onchocerciasis <> onkos
oncocytic <> onkos
oncocytoma <> onkos
oncogen <> onkog
oncogene <> onkog
oncogenes <> onkog
oncogenic <> onkoj
oncologic <> onkol
oncological <> onkol
oncologist <> onkol
oncologists <> onkol
oncology <> onkol
oncoming <> gelec
oncoming <> ilerl
oncoming <> yakla
oncoming <> yetiş
oncoplastic <> onkop
oncorhynchus <> Oncor
oncotic <> onkot
ondes <> Ondes
ondule <> Ondul
one <> aynı
one <> bir
one <> bir 
one <> biri
one <> biris
one <> kişi
one <> kimse
one <> olan
one <> tek
oned <> ONED
oneness <> aynı
oneness <> bir 
oneness <> birli
oneness <> görüş
oner <> müthi
oner <> süper
oner <> yaman
onerous <> ağır
onerous <> külfe
onerous <> zahme
onerousness <> külfe
onerousness <> zahme
ones <> olanl
oneself <> kendi
onetime <> önced
onetime <> öncek
onetime <> eski
onetime <> eskid
ongoing <> devam
onion <> kafa
onion <> soğan
onions <> soğan
onionskin <> pelür
onionskin <> soğan
oniony <> soğan
onium <> onyum
onlays <> onley
onlooker <> izley
onlooker <> seyir
onlookers <> izley
onlooking <> bakan
onlooking <> izley
only <> ağırb
only <> ama
only <> ancak
only <> başhe
only <> bir 
only <> biric
only <> daha
only <> fakat
only <> sırf
only <> sade
only <> sadec
only <> tek
only <> yalnı
onobrychis <> Onobr
onomastic <> onoma
onomastics <> Adbil
onomatopoeic <> sesle
onopordum <> Onopo
onrush <> üşüşm
onrush <> hücum
onrush <> saldı
ons <> Eklen
onscreen <> Ekran
onset <> başla
onset <> hücum
onset <> hamle
onset <> saldı
onshore <> deniz
onshore <> kıyıd
onshore <> kıyıy
onside <> ofsay
onsite <> yerin
onslaught <> acıma
onslaught <> saldı
onstage <> sahne
onstrate <> konum
onstream <> Devre
onto <> üstün
onto <> üzeri
onto <> -e
ontogenesis <> ontog
ontogenetic <> ontog
ontogenetically <> özgel
ontogenic <> ontoj
ontogeny <> ontoj
ontological <> ontol
ontologically <> ontol
ontologies <> ontol
ontology <> ontol
onus <> sorum
onus <> yüküm
onus <> yük
onward <> beri
onward <> bu 
onward <> ileri
onward <> ilerl
onwards <> beri
onwards <> bu 
onwards <> ileri
onychogryphosis <> Oniko
onycholysis <> oniko
onychomycosis <> oniko
onyx <> damar
onyx <> göz 
onyx <> oniks
oocyst <> olgun
oocyst <> oosit
oocysts <> ookis
oocyte <> oosit
oocytes <> oosit
oodles <> çok 
oodles <> pek
oodles <> pek 
oof <> mangı
oof <> para
oogenesis <> oogen
ooliths <> Oolit
oolitic <> oolit
oolong <> Oolon
oomph <> çekic
oomph <> cazib
ooms <> Ooms
oop <> OOP
oopherectomy <> oofer
oophorectomy <> oofer
oophoritis <> oofor
oos <> Oos
oosperm <> dölle
oosperm <> zigot
ooze <> dip 
ooze <> duyul
ooze <> kaçır
ooze <> meşe
ooze <> sızın
ooze <> sızan
ooze <> sızdı
ooze <> sızma
ooze <> sulu
oozing <> sızma
oozy <> sızın
oozy <> sızdı
oozy <> sulu
opacification <> opasi
opacified <> yoğun
opacifier <> OPAKL
opacifiers <> donuk
opacities <> opasi
opacity <> şeffa
opacity <> anlaş
opacity <> donuk
opacity <> mantı
opacity <> sayda
opal <> opal
opalesce <> ışığı
opalescence <> Opale
opalescent <> rengâ
opalescent <> yanar
opaline <> buzlu
opaline <> opal
opaline <> opale
opaline <> opali
opals <> opall
opaque <> ışık
opaque <> ışın
opaque <> anlaş
opaque <> bulut
opaque <> donuk
opaque <> mantı
opaque <> mat
opaque <> monot
opaque <> opak
opaque <> renks
opaque <> serse
opaquely <> opak
opaqueness <> donuk
opaqueness <> matlı
opaqueness <> sayda
opaqueness <> soluk
opaques <> opak
opcodes <> Opcod
ope <> yerdi
open <> Açık
open <> açık
open <> açılm
open <> açmak
open <> açtır
open <> başla
open <> dürüs
open <> ferah
open <> geniş
open <> içten
open <> kısık
open <> karar
open <> serbe
openable <> açıla
opencast <> açık
opened <> açıld
opener <> açaca
opener <> açan
opener <> başla
openers <> açıcı
openhandedness <> cömer
openhandedness <> eli 
opening <> açış
opening <> açık
opening <> açılı
opening <> açılm
opening <> açma
opening <> ağız
opening <> başla
opening <> delik
opening <> elema
opening <> fırsa
opening <> ilk
opening <> kadro
opening <> kapı
openings <> açıkl
openly <> açıkç
openly <> açık
openly <> alene
openly <> apaçı
openly <> ele 
openly <> uluor
openminded <> Openm
openmindedness <> Açıkf
openness <> açık
openness <> açıkl
openness <> geniş
openness <> taraf
opens <> açılı
openwork <> kafes
openwork <> seyre
opera <> opera
operability <> Kulla
operable <> çalış
operable <> ameli
operable <> kulla
operable <> uygul
operands <> işlen
operant <> edims
operas <> opera
operatable <> kulla
operate <> çalış
operate <> ameli
operate <> borsa
operate <> etki
operate <> etkil
operate <> işlem
operate <> işlet
operate <> kulla
operate <> spekü
operated <> işlet
operates <> faali
operatic <> çok 
operatic <> opera
operating <> çalış
operating <> ameli
operating <> işlet
operating <> kulla
operation <> çalış
operation <> ameli
operation <> cerra
operation <> etkin
operation <> hüküm
operation <> harek
operation <> iş
operation <> işlem
operation <> işlet
operation <> işley
operation <> kulla
operation <> opera
operation <> tatbi
operation <> yürür
operational <> çalış
operational <> harek
operational <> hazır
operational <> işlet
operational <> kulla
operational <> opera
operationalize <> opera
operationalized <> opera
operationalizing <> ilgil
operationally <> opera
operations <> opera
operative <> özel
operative <> ameli
operative <> etkil
operative <> etkin
operative <> faal
operative <> geçer
operative <> işley
operative <> opera
operative <> tekni
operative <> uygul
operative <> yürür
operatively <> opera
operator <> cerra
operator <> işlet
operator <> kulla
operator <> opera
operator <> santr
operator <> spekü
operator <> tekni
operator <> telef
operator <> telsi
operator <> uygul
operators <> opera
operatory <> opera
operculum <> kapak
operculum <> operk
operculum <> solun
operetta <> opere
operettas <> opere
operons <> opero
ophidia <> Ophid
ophidian <> yılan
ophiolite <> ofiyo
ophiolites <> ofiyo
ophiolitic <> ofiyo
ophiomorpha <> Ophio
ophitic <> ofiti
ophiuchus <> Yılan
ophthalmia <> göz
ophthalmia <> göz 
ophthalmic <> göz
ophthalmic <> gözle
ophthalmologic <> oftal
ophthalmological <> oftal
ophthalmologically <> oftal
ophthalmologist <> göz
ophthalmologist <> göz 
ophthalmologists <> göz
ophthalmology <> göz 
ophthalmology <> oftal
ophthalmopathy <> oftal
ophthalmoplegia <> oftal
ophthalmoplegic <> oftal
ophthalmoscope <> göz 
ophthalmoscope <> oftal
ophthalmoscopic <> oftal
ophthalmoscopical <> oftal
ophthalmoscopically <> Oftal
ophthalmoscopy <> oftal
opiate <> afyon
opiate <> uyuşt
opiate <> uyutu
opiates <> opiat
opie <> Opie
opine <> düşün
opine <> farze
opine <> fikri
opine <> görüş
opinion <> önems
opinion <> düşün
opinion <> fikir
opinion <> görüş
opinion <> inanç
opinion <> kanı
opinion <> kanaa
opinion <> takdi
opinionated <> düşün
opinionated <> fikri
opinionated <> inatç
opinions <> fikir
opinions <> görüş
opinions <> inanç
opioids <> opioi
opiophobia <> opiof
opisthobranchia <> Opist
opium <> afyon
opiumism <> afyon
opossum <> kesel
opossum <> oposs
opponent <> aleyh
opponent <> düşma
opponent <> karşı
opponent <> muhal
opponent <> rakip
opponent <> zıt
opponents <> rakip
opportune <> elver
opportune <> müsai
opportune <> uygun
opportune <> yerin
opportunely <> tam
opportunely <> tam 
opportuneness <> uygun
opportuneness <> yerin
opportunism <> fırsa
opportunism <> oport
opportunist <> fırsa
opportunistic <> fırsa
opportunistically <> fırsa
opportunists <> fırsa
opportunities <> fırsa
opportunity <> şans
opportunity <> fırsa
opportunity <> uygun
oppose <> başka
oppose <> engel
oppose <> itira
oppose <> kafa
oppose <> karşı
oppose <> muhal
opposed <> karşı
opposed <> zıt
opposes <> karşı
opposing <> karşı
opposing <> muhal
opposing <> ters
opposite <> aksi
opposite <> aleyh
opposite <> karşı
opposite <> muhal
opposite <> ters
opposite <> zıt
opposite <> zıt 
oppositely <> ters
opposites <> karşı
opposition <> başka
opposition <> düşma
opposition <> karşı
opposition <> muhal
opposition <> rekab
opposition <> zıtlı
oppositional <> karşı
oppositional <> muhal
oppositionists <> muhal
oppositions <> karşı
oppress <> baskı
oppress <> bunal
oppress <> eziye
oppress <> ezmek
oppress <> kahre
oppress <> sıkış
oppress <> sıkma
oppressed <> mazlu
oppresses <> ezen
oppressing <> baskı
oppression <> baskı
oppression <> boyun
oppression <> eziye
oppression <> güçlü
oppression <> sıkın
oppression <> zulüm
oppressions <> baskı
oppressive <> ağır
oppressive <> baskı
oppressive <> bunal
oppressive <> ezici
oppressive <> sıkıc
oppressive <> zalim
oppressively <> baskı
oppressiveness <> baskı
oppressiveness <> sıkıc
oppressiveness <> zalim
oppressor <> baskı
oppressor <> zalim
oppressors <> zalim
opprobrious <> aşağı
opprobrious <> ayıp
opprobrious <> hakar
opprobrious <> utanç
opprobrium <> aşağı
opprobrium <> hakar
opprobrium <> rezal
opprobrium <> utanç
oppugn <> eleşt
oppugn <> karşı
oppugn <> yalan
opsoclonus <> opsok
opsonic <> opson
opsonin <> opson
opsonization <> opson
opt <> karar
opt <> opt
opt <> seçme
opt <> terci
opt <> yeğle
optative <> dilek
optative <> istek
opted <> terci
optic <> görüş
optic <> görme
optic <> göz
optic <> optik
optical <> görüş
optical <> görme
optical <> göz
optical <> optik
optically <> optik
optician <> gözlü
opticianry <> optis
opticians <> gözlü
optics <> gözle
optics <> optik
optimal <> en 
optimal <> ideal
optimal <> optim
optimalisations <> iyile
optimality <> eniyi
optimalization <> iyile
optimally <> optim
optime <> Optim
optimisation <> optim
optimisations <> optim
optimise <> en 
optimise <> optim
optimised <> optim
optimiser <> optim
optimises <> optim
optimising <> optim
optimism <> iyims
optimism <> optim
optimist <> iyims
optimist <> optim
optimistic <> iyims
optimistically <> iyims
optimists <> iyims
optimization <> optim
optimizations <> optim
optimize <> en 
optimize <> optim
optimized <> optim
optimizers <> optim
optimizes <> optim
optimizing <> optim
optimum <> en 
optimum <> ideal
optimum <> optim
opting <> yürüt
option <> alıcı
option <> opsiy
option <> seçen
option <> seçme
option <> terci
optional <> ihtiy
optional <> isteğ
optional <> istem
optional <> opsiy
optional <> seçme
optionally <> isteğ
optionals <> opsiy
options <> seçen
optoelectronic <> optoe
optoelectronics <> optoe
optokinetic <> optok
optometer <> optom
optometric <> Optom
optometrists <> optom
optometry <> göz 
optometry <> optom
optophone <> optof
optronics <> optro
opts <> seçen
opulence <> bollu
opulence <> refah
opulence <> zengi
opulent <> berek
opulent <> bol
opulent <> zengi
opus <> opus
opuscule <> küçük
opuses <> eserl
or <> altın
or <> veya
or <> ya 
or <> yahut
or <> yoksa
oracle <> ayrıc
oracle <> iş 
oracle <> ilham
oracle <> kâhin
oracle <> kehan
oracle <> keram
oracle <> torpi
oracle <> uzman
oracle <> vahiy
oracles <> kahin
oracular <> anlaş
oracular <> gizli
oracular <> kehan
oraison <> Orais
oral <> ağız
oral <> ağızd
oral <> oral
oral <> sözlü
orally <> sözlü
orange <> porta
orange <> turun
orangeade <> porta
orangery <> limon
orangery <> sera
oranges <> porta
orangutan <> orang
orangutans <> orang
orate <> konuş
orate <> nutuk
oration <> hitab
oration <> konuş
oration <> nutuk
oration <> söyle
orations <> nutuk
orator <> şikây
orator <> davac
orator <> güzel
orator <> hatip
orator <> konuş
oratorical <> hatip
oratorical <> inand
oratorio <> kutsa
oratorio <> orato
oratorios <> orato
oratorize <> nutuk
orators <> hatip
oratory <> güzel
oratory <> hatip
oratory <> hitab
oratory <> küçük
orb <> çevre
orb <> gökci
orb <> göz
orb <> gözbe
orb <> küre
orbicular <> daire
orbicular <> küre
orbicular <> küres
orbicular <> yuvar
orbit <> etki
orbit <> faali
orbit <> göz
orbit <> göz 
orbit <> rota
orbit <> yörün
orbital <> çevre
orbital <> göz
orbital <> göz 
orbital <> orbit
orbital <> yörün
orbitals <> orbit
orbited <> yörün
orbiter <> Orbit
orbiting <> Yörün
orbitolites <> Orbit
orbitopathy <> orbit
orbitotomy <> orbit
orbits <> yörün
orbs <> kürel
orbulina <> Orbul
orca <> deniz
orca <> katil
orcas <> Orcas
orchard <> meyve
orcharding <> meyve
orchardman <> bahçı
orchards <> bahçe
orchester <> orche
orchesters <> orkes
orchestic <> dans
orchestic <> dansl
orchestics <> dans
orchestra <> en 
orchestra <> orkes
orchestral <> orkes
orchestras <> orkes
orchestrate <> en 
orchestrate <> orkes
orchestrated <> düzen
orchestrates <> orkes
orchestrating <> düzen
orchestration <> orkes
orchestrations <> orkes
orchestrator <> Orche
orchestrion <> Orche
orchid <> orkid
orchidaceae <> Orchi
orchidaceous <> salep
orchidectomy <> orşie
orchidist <> orkid
orchidopexy <> orşid
orchids <> orkid
orchiectomy <> orşie
orchiopexy <> orşid
orchis <> salep
orchis <> yaban
orchitis <> orşit
orcin <> Orçin
orcines <> Orcin
orcs <> orkla
ordain <> atama
ordain <> buyur
ordain <> emret
ordain <> nasip
ordain <> takdi
ordained <> peder
ordainment <> mukad
ordains <> emred
ordeal <> çile
ordeal <> ateşt
ordeal <> işken
ordeal <> zorlu
ordeals <> çetin
order <> çalış
order <> ödeme
order <> ısmar
order <> asayi
order <> basam
order <> buyru
order <> buyur
order <> düzen
order <> dizi
order <> emir
order <> emret
order <> hane
order <> mezhe
order <> nişan
order <> paso
order <> rütbe
order <> söyle
order <> sınıf
order <> sıra
order <> sıray
order <> sipar
order <> tabak
order <> tarik
order <> tavsi
order <> terti
order <> usul
order <> yönte
ordered <> ısmar
ordered <> düzen
ordered <> düzgü
ordered <> sipar
orderer <> sipar
ordering <> Sipar
orderings <> sıral
orderliness <> düzen
orderly <> düzen
orderly <> derli
orderly <> emir
orderly <> kural
orderly <> siste
orderly <> terti
orders <> emir
ordinal <> ayin
ordinal <> derec
ordinal <> sıra
ordinal <> takım
ordinals <> Sayıl
ordinance <> alın
ordinance <> ayin
ordinance <> ferma
ordinance <> talim
ordinance <> yönet
ordinance <> yazgı
ordinances <> Karar
ordinand <> papaz
ordinarily <> genel
ordinarily <> norma
ordinary <> adi
ordinary <> alışı
ordinary <> alelâ
ordinary <> bayağ
ordinary <> değiş
ordinary <> lokan
ordinary <> norma
ordinary <> olağa
ordinary <> orta
ordinary <> sırad
ordinary <> tipik
ordinary <> yetki
ordinate <> ordin
ordinated <> koord
ordinates <> koord
ordinating <> koord
ordination <> buyur
ordination <> koord
ordination <> papaz
ordination <> sınıf
ordinator <> Koord
ordnance <> ağır
ordnance <> ordu
ordnance <> savaş
ordo <> Ordo
ords <> Kelim
ordure <> gübre
ordure <> pisli
ore <> cevhe
ore <> filiz
ore <> maden
oread <> dağ
oread <> dağ 
oreads <> Oread
orebodies <> Cevhe
oregano <> güvey
oregano <> kekli
ores <> cevhe
orexigenic <> oreks
orfs <> Orfs
organ <> örgüt
organ <> alet
organ <> araç
organ <> kurul
organ <> org
organ <> organ
organ <> uzuv
organa <> Organ
organdie <> organ
organdy <> organ
organelle <> organ
organelles <> organ
organic <> örgüt
organic <> beden
organic <> organ
organic <> yapıs
organical <> organ
organically <> organ
organics <> organ
organisation <> örgüt
organisation <> bünye
organisation <> organ
organisational <> örgüt
organisationally <> örgüt
organisations <> kurul
organise <> örgüt
organise <> düzen
organise <> kurma
organise <> organ
organised <> örgüt
organised <> düzen
organised <> organ
organised <> terti
organiser <> örgüt
organiser <> düzen
organiser <> organ
organisers <> Organ
organises <> organ
organising <> düzen
organism <> örgüt
organism <> canlı
organism <> organ
organism <> vücut
organism <> yapı
organismal <> organ
organismic <> organ
organisms <> organ
organist <> orgcu
organization <> örgüt
organization <> bünye
organization <> organ
organizational <> örgüt
organizationally <> örgüt
organizations <> kurul
organize <> örgüt
organize <> düzen
organize <> kurma
organize <> organ
organized <> örgüt
organized <> düzen
organized <> organ
organized <> terti
organizer <> örgüt
organizer <> düzen
organizer <> organ
organizers <> Organ
organizes <> organ
organizing <> düzen
organoaxial <> organ
organochlorine <> organ
organochlorines <> Organ
organogels <> organ
organogenesis <> organ
organoleptic <> organ
organoleptical <> duyus
organoleptically <> duyus
organology <> Organ
organomegaly <> organ
organomercury <> Organ
organometallic <> organ
organometallics <> Organ
organon <> Organ
organophilic <> organ
organophosphate <> organ
organophosphates <> organ
organophosphorus <> organ
organoselenium <> organ
organosilicon <> Organ
organosulfur <> Organ
organotin <> organ
organs <> organ
organza <> şeffa
organza <> organ
organzine <> organ
orgasm <> boşal
orgasm <> orgaz
orgasmic <> orgaz
orgasms <> orgaz
orgiastic <> heyec
orgiastic <> seks
orgiastic <> zevk
orgies <> Baküs
orgone <> orgon
orgues <> Orgue
orgy <> alem
orgy <> seks
oribi <> Oribi
oriel <> cumba
orient <> şark
orient <> Doğu
orient <> doğan
orient <> doğru
orient <> doğu
orient <> doğuy
orient <> parıl
orient <> yönel
orient <> yönle
orientable <> yönle
oriental <> doğu
oriental <> doğul
oriental <> doğuy
oriental <> oryan
oriental <> parla
orientalism <> doğub
orientalist <> doğub
orientalists <> oryan
orientalizing <> Orien
orientals <> doğul
orientate <> doğru
orientate <> doğuy
orientate <> yönel
orientate <> yönle
orientated <> yönel
orientates <> yönle
orientating <> yönle
orientation <> doğuy
orientation <> oryan
orientation <> uyum
orientation <> yön 
orientation <> yönel
orientation <> yönle
orientational <> yönel
orientationally <> yönel
orientations <> yönel
oriented <> amaçl
oriented <> doğru
oriented <> odakl
oriented <> yönlü
orienting <> yönle
orients <> yönle
orifice <> ağız
orifices <> orifi
oriflamme <> bayra
oriflamme <> parla
oriflamme <> sanca
origami <> Japon
origami <> origa
origanes <> ORIGA
origanum <> Origa
origin <> asıl
origin <> başla
origin <> doğuş
origin <> kök
origin <> köken
origin <> kayna
origin <> menşe
origin <> nered
original <> özgün
original <> asıl
original <> el 
original <> esas
original <> gerçe
original <> ilgin
original <> ilk
original <> oriji
original <> yarat
originality <> özgün
originality <> benze
originality <> oriji
originality <> yarat
originally <> aslın
originally <> aslen
originally <> oriji
originals <> oriji
originate <> çıkma
originate <> örnek
originate <> esinl
originate <> icat
originate <> köken
originate <> kayna
originate <> meyda
originate <> neden
originate <> yarat
originated <> kayna
originates <> kayna
originating <> menşe
origination <> asıl
origination <> icat
origination <> köken
origination <> kayna
origination <> meyda
originative <> üretk
originative <> yarat
originator <> üretk
originator <> mucit
originator <> yarat
originators <> Yarat
origins <> köken
orinasal <> ağız
oriol <> Oriol
oriole <> sarıa
oriskany <> Orisk
orison <> dua
orlop <> alt
orlop <> alt 
ormer <> deniz
ormolu <> altın
ormolu <> yaldı
orn <> ORN
ornament <> övünç
ornament <> akses
ornament <> donat
ornament <> gurur
ornament <> süs
ornament <> süsle
ornament <> takı
ornamental <> dekor
ornamental <> süs
ornamental <> süsle
ornamentals <> süs
ornamentation <> süs
ornamentation <> süsle
ornamentation <> takı
ornamentations <> süsle
ornamented <> süslü
ornamenting <> süsle
ornaments <> süsle
ornate <> şataf
ornate <> abart
ornate <> süslü
ornateness <> çok
ornateness <> çok 
ornery <> adi
ornery <> kaba
ornery <> kalit
ornidazole <> ornid
ornithic <> kuşla
ornithine <> ornit
ornithogalum <> Ornit
ornithological <> kuşbi
ornithological <> ornit
ornithologically <> ornit
ornithologist <> kuşbi
ornithologist <> ornit
ornithologists <> kuşbi
ornithology <> kuşbi
ornithology <> ornit
ornithopter <> kanat
ornithopter <> ornit
ornithorhynchus <> gagal
ornithorhynchus <> ornit
orofacial <> orofa
orogen <> oroje
orogenesis <> dağ
orogenesis <> dağ 
orogenetic <> Dağol
orogenic <> oroje
orogenies <> oroje
orogens <> oroje
orogeny <> dağ
orogeny <> dağ 
orographic <> orogr
orology <> dağ 
orology <> orolo
oropesa <> Orope
oropharyngeal <> orofa
oropharynx <> orofa
orotic <> oroti
orotracheal <> orotr
orotund <> dolgu
orotund <> tanta
orphan <> öksüz
orphan <> kimse
orphan <> yetim
orphanage <> öksüz
orphanage <> kimse
orphanage <> yetim
orphanages <> yetim
orphaned <> öksüz
orphaned <> yetim
orphanhood <> öksüz
orphanhood <> yetim
orphanize <> öksüz
orphanize <> kimse
orphans <> öksüz
orpheus <> Orfeu
orphic <> Orfeu
orra <> Orra
orrery <> güneş
orris <> bir
orris <> bir 
orsel <> Orsel
ort <> kırın
ort <> kalan
orthesis <> Ortez
orthicon <> telev
ortho <> orto
orthoceras <> Ortho
orthoclase <> ortok
orthodontia <> dişle
orthodontia <> ortod
orthodontic <> ortod
orthodontics <> ortod
orthodontist <> ortod
orthodontists <> Ortod
orthodox <> Ortod
orthodox <> akılc
orthodox <> doğru
orthodoxy <> Ortod
orthodoxy <> inanç
orthodromic <> ortod
orthoepy <> doğru
orthogeosyncline <> Ortoj
orthognathic <> ortog
orthogneiss <> ortog
orthogneisses <> ortog
orthogonal <> dikey
orthogonal <> dikge
orthogonal <> ortog
orthogonality <> dikli
orthogonalization <> ortog
orthogonally <> dikey
orthographic <> imlâ
orthographic <> yazım
orthographical <> imlâ
orthographical <> yazım
orthographically <> imla
orthographies <> yazım
orthography <> imlâ
orthography <> yazım
orthologous <> ortol
orthometric <> ortom
orthomyxoviridae <> Ortho
orthonormal <> orton
orthopaedic <> ortop
orthopaedics <> ortop
orthopaedist <> ortop
orthopaedists <> ortop
orthopaedy <> ortop
orthopedia <> ortop
orthopedic <> ortop
orthopedical <> ortop
orthopedically <> ortop
orthopedics <> ortop
orthopedist <> ortop
orthopedists <> ortop
orthopedy <> ortop
orthophoria <> ortof
orthophosphate <> ortof
orthophosphoric <> ortof
orthopnea <> ortop
orthopnoea <> ortop
orthoptera <> düzka
orthopteron <> düzka
orthoptic <> ortop
orthoptics <> Ortop
orthoptists <> ortop
orthorhombic <> ortor
orthoscope <> göz 
orthoscope <> ortos
orthoses <> ortez
orthosilicate <> ortos
orthosis <> ortez
orthostatic <> ortos
orthotic <> ortez
orthotics <> Ortez
orthotopic <> ortot
orthotropic <> ortot
ortolan <> ortol
orts <> Orts
orval <> Orval
oryctolagus <> Oryct
oryx <> Afrik
oryza <> Oryza
orzo <> arpa
osar <> OSAR
oscillate <> bocal
oscillate <> salın
oscillate <> salla
oscillate <> sarka
oscillate <> tered
oscillated <> dalga
oscillates <> salın
oscillating <> titre
oscillation <> karar
oscillation <> salın
oscillation <> salla
oscillation <> tered
oscillation <> titre
oscillations <> salın
oscillator <> osila
oscillator <> titre
oscillators <> osila
oscillatory <> salın
oscillogram <> osilo
oscillograph <> osilo
oscillographs <> osilo
oscillography <> Osilo
oscillometric <> osilo
oscillopsia <> dalga
oscilloscope <> osilo
oscilloscopes <> osilo
oscine <> ötücü
oscitation <> ayakt
oscitation <> dikka
oscitation <> esnem
osculant <> öpen
osculant <> dokun
osculant <> yasla
osculate <> öpmek
osculate <> dayan
osculate <> ilgis
osculate <> ortak
osculating <> oskül
osculation <> öpme
osculation <> dayan
osculation <> yasla
oses <> işlet
osier <> sepet
osirises <> Osiri
osmium <> osmiy
osmolality <> osmol
osmolar <> ozmol
osmolarity <> ozmol
osmole <> Ozmol
osmometer <> Ozmom
osmoregulation <> osmor
osmose <> Osmos
osmosis <> geçiş
osmosis <> ozmos
osmotic <> geçiş
osmotic <> ozmot
osmotically <> ozmot
osprey <> şapka
osprey <> balık
osprey <> sorgu
ospreys <> Ospre
ossa <> Ossa
ossein <> Ossei
osseointegration <> osseo
osseous <> kemik
ossicle <> kemik
ossicle <> kulak
ossicles <> kemik
ossicular <> kemik
ossification <> kemik
ossifications <> ossif
ossified <> katıl
ossified <> kemik
ossify <> katıl
ossify <> kemik
ossifying <> ossif
ossuary <> ölü
ossuary <> ölü 
osteichthyes <> Ostei
osteitis <> kemik
ostend <> Ooste
ostensible <> görün
ostensible <> göste
ostensible <> göze
ostensible <> sözde
ostensibly <> görün
ostensibly <> göste
ostentation <> çalım
ostentation <> azame
ostentation <> caka
ostentation <> göste
ostentation <> hava
ostentatious <> azame
ostentatious <> fiyak
ostentatious <> göste
ostentatious <> haval
ostentatiously <> apar
osteoarthritic <> osteo
osteoarthritis <> osteo
osteoarthropathy <> osteo
osteoarthrosis <> osteo
osteoblastic <> osteo
osteoblasts <> osteo
osteocalcin <> osteo
osteochondritis <> osteo
osteochondroma <> osteo
osteochondromatosis <> osteo
osteoclasis <> kemiğ
osteoclasis <> kemik
osteoclast <> osteo
osteoclastic <> osteo
osteoclasts <> osteo
osteocyte <> osteo
osteocytes <> osteo
osteodystrophy <> osteo
osteogenesis <> kemik
osteogenic <> osteo
osteoid <> kemik
osteologic <> osteo
osteological <> osteo
osteology <> kemik
osteology <> osteo
osteolysis <> osteo
osteolytic <> osteo
osteoma <> kemik
osteomalacia <> kemik
osteomas <> osteo
osteomyelitis <> kemik
osteomyelitis <> osteo
osteonecrosis <> osteo
osteopath <> kırık
osteopathic <> osteo
osteopathies <> osteo
osteopathy <> kırık
osteopenia <> osteo
osteopetrosis <> osteo
osteophyte <> osteo
osteophytes <> osteo
osteoplastic <> osteo
osteoporosis <> osteo
osteoporotic <> osteo
osteoprogenitor <> osteo
osteoprogenitors <> osteo
osteosarcoma <> osteo
osteosarcomas <> osteo
osteosclerosis <> osteo
osteosynthesis <> osteo
osteotomies <> osteo
osteotomy <> osteo
ostia <> ostiu
ostinato <> Ostin
ostler <> seyis
ostomy <> Ostom
ostracised <> dışla
ostracism <> ilgis
ostracism <> sürgü
ostracism <> toplu
ostracize <> ilişk
ostracize <> sürgü
ostracize <> sürme
ostracized <> dışla
ostracod <> ostra
ostracode <> Ostra
ostracodes <> ostra
ostracods <> ostra
ostrea <> Ostre
ostrich <> devek
ostriches <> devek
otalgia <> kulak
other <> öbür
other <> öteki
other <> Diğer
other <> başka
other <> bunda
other <> diğer
other <> geçen
other <> sonra
otherkin <> Other
otherness <> öteki
others <> diğer
others <> eller
otherwhere <> başka
otherwhile <> başka
otherwise <> aksi
otherwise <> ayrıc
otherwise <> başka
otherwise <> bunun
otherwise <> diğer
otherwise <> farkl
otherwise <> yoksa
otherworld <> Other
otherworldly <> ahire
otherworldly <> başka
otherworldly <> hayal
otic <> kulağ
otiose <> aylak
otiose <> boşun
otiose <> gerek
otiose <> işe 
otiose <> yarar
otitic <> otiti
otitis <> kulak
otoacoustic <> otoak
otogenous <> otoje
otolaryngological <> KBB
otolaryngologist <> kulak
otolaryngologists <> kulak
otolaryngology <> KBB
otolith <> otoli
otoliths <> otoli
otologic <> otolo
otological <> otolo
otologically <> kulak
otologist <> otolo
otology <> kulak
otoplasty <> otopl
otorhinolaryngologic <> kulak
otorhinolaryngologist <> kulak
otorhinolaryngologists <> KBB
otorhinolaryngology <> Kulak
otorrhea <> otore
otosclerosis <> Otosk
otosclerotic <> otosk
otoscope <> kulak
otoscope <> otosk
otoscopic <> otosk
ototoxic <> ototo
ototoxicity <> ototo
ottavino <> Ottav
otter <> çok 
otter <> lutr
otter <> su
otter <> su 
otterhound <> su
otterhound <> su 
otters <> su
ottoman <> Osman
ottoman <> divan
ottoman <> puf
ottoman <> sedir
ottomans <> Osman
ottos <> Ottos
oubliette <> zinda
ouch <> öf
ouch <> ah
ouch <> broş
ouch <> of
ouch <> toka
oud <> ud
ouds <> Ud
oughly <> klişe
ought <> -malı
ought <> -meli
ought <> gerek
ought <> hiç
ought <> lâzım
ought <> sıfır
ought <> yüküm
ought <> zerre
ought <> zorun
ouija <> Ouija
ould <> Ould
ounce <> bir 
ounce <> kar 
ounce <> ons
ounces <> ons
oup <> OUP
our <> bizim
ouroboros <> Ourob
ours <> bizim
ourself <> kendi
ourselves <> bizle
ourselves <> kendi
ousel <> ardıç
oust <> çıkar
oust <> mahru
oust <> yerin
ousted <> devir
ouster <> atma
ouster <> el 
ouster <> zorla
ousting <> modas
out <> çözüm
out <> çıkış
out <> çık 
out <> çıkar
out <> çıkmı
out <> çizgi
out <> açığa
out <> açıkt
out <> aşkın
out <> atlan
out <> aut
out <> büyük
out <> bitmi
out <> bozul
out <> dış
out <> dışar
out <> daha
out <> defol
out <> eksik
out <> eskim
out <> fazla
out <> grevd
out <> hatal
out <> işe 
out <> kalma
out <> kovma
out <> kurtu
out <> modas
out <> muhal
out <> nakav
out <> olana
out <> prati
out <> sönmü
out <> sesli
out <> uzakt
out <> yükse
out <> yıpra
out <> yeni
outact <> daha
outage <> fire
outage <> zayia
outages <> kesin
outback <> şehir
outback <> taşra
outbacks <> Outba
outbalance <> üstün
outbalance <> ağır
outbalance <> yükte
outbid <> artır
outbid <> daha
outbidding <> daha
outboard <> dışta
outboard <> tekne
outboards <> Outbo
outborn <> dışar
outbound <> giden
outbound <> liman
outbound <> uçuşa
outbound <> yurt
outbox <> üstün
outbox <> giden
outbox <> yenme
outboxes <> Giden
outbrave <> üstün
outbrave <> cesur
outbrave <> daha
outbreak <> çıkma
outbreak <> başla
outbreak <> isyan
outbreak <> patla
outbreak <> salgı
outbreak <> yeryü
outbreaks <> salgı
outbuilding <> ek
outbuilding <> ek 
outburst <> fışkı
outburst <> patla
outburst <> taşma
outburst <> yanar
outbursts <> patla
outcall <> lerde
outcast <> kimse
outcast <> serse
outcast <> toplu
outcasts <> serse
outclass <> üstün
outclass <> yenme
outcome <> son
outcome <> sonuç
outcomes <> sonuç
outcrop <> kaya
outcrop <> mostr
outcrop <> ortay
outcrop <> patla
outcrop <> yeryü
outcropped <> yüzey
outcropping <> yüzey
outcrops <> mostr
outcrossing <> dölle
outcry <> bağır
outcry <> daha
outcry <> ferya
outcry <> haykı
outcry <> itira
outdated <> hükmü
outdated <> modas
outdated <> zaman
outdent <> Girin
outdid <> aştın
outdistance <> geçme
outdistance <> gerid
outdo <> üstün
outdo <> geçme
outdo <> yenme
outdoes <> bırak
outdone <> altta
outdoor <> açık
outdoor <> dışar
outdoors <> açık
outdoors <> dışar
outdoorsy <> outdo
outdraw <> Hızlı
outer <> dış
outer <> dışar
outer <> haric
outermost <> en
outermost <> en 
outerwear <> giyim
outface <> bakış
outface <> gözün
outface <> meyda
outfall <> çıkış
outfall <> nehir
outfalls <> deşar
outfield <> çiftl
outfield <> düşün
outfield <> iç
outfield <> iç 
outfielder <> dış
outfielder <> dış 
outfight <> daha
outfit <> aletl
outfit <> araç
outfit <> birli
outfit <> donat
outfit <> ekip
outfit <> kıyaf
outfit <> malze
outfit <> takım
outfits <> kıyaf
outfitter <> erkek
outfitter <> malze
outfitter <> teçhi
outfitters <> Outfi
outfitting <> Donat
outflank <> üstün
outflank <> düşma
outflow <> çıkış
outflow <> akan
outflow <> dışar
outflow <> sızın
outflow <> sızma
outflow <> taşan
outflows <> Çıkış
outfly <> uçuşa
outgas <> gazın
outgeneral <> düşma
outgo <> aşmak
outgo <> geçme
outgo <> harca
outgo <> masra
outgo <> yenme
outgoes <> gider
outgoing <> çıkan
outgoing <> açık
outgoing <> akıp
outgoing <> dışar
outgoing <> giden
outgoing <> gidiş
outgoing <> içi 
outgoing <> kalka
outgoing <> sempa
outgoings <> gider
outgoings <> harca
outgoings <> masra
outgroup <> dış
outgrow <> büyüm
outgrow <> bırak
outgrow <> geçme
outgrow <> küçük
outgrow <> sığma
outgrown <> sığma
outgrowth <> çıkın
outgrowth <> akıbe
outgrowth <> fazla
outgrowth <> filiz
outgrowth <> sürgü
outher <> dış
outhouse <> binad
outhouse <> ek
outhouse <> ek 
outing <> gezi
outing <> gezin
outings <> gezil
outjump <> daha
outland <> yurtd
outlanders <> Outla
outlandish <> acayi
outlandish <> egzot
outlandish <> garip
outlandish <> saçma
outlandish <> uzak
outlandish <> yaban
outlands <> Outla
outlast <> daha
outlaw <> feshe
outlaw <> haydu
outlaw <> huysu
outlaw <> kanun
outlaw <> sürgü
outlaw <> sürme
outlaw <> yasak
outlaw <> yasal
outlawed <> yasad
outlawing <> yasak
outlawry <> kanun
outlawry <> sürgü
outlawry <> yasal
outlaws <> haydu
outlay <> gider
outlay <> harca
outlay <> masra
outlays <> harca
outlet <> çıkış
outlet <> açılm
outlet <> ağız
outlet <> fiş
outlet <> pazar
outlet <> priz
outlet <> satış
outlet <> yol
outlets <> çıkış
outlier <> Aykır
outliers <> sapan
outline <> özet
outline <> özetl
outline <> ana 
outline <> dış 
outline <> görün
outline <> iskel
outline <> kontu
outline <> tasla
outlined <> özetl
outlines <> özetl
outlines <> ana 
outlining <> özetl
outlive <> daha
outlive <> sağ 
outliving <> daha
outlook <> bakış
outlook <> görüş
outlook <> görün
outlook <> hedef
outlook <> seyre
outlook <> tahmi
outlooks <> bakış
outlying <> ücra
outlying <> kuş
outlying <> kuş 
outlying <> uzak
outmaneuver <> üstün
outmaneuver <> takti
outmanoeuvre <> üstün
outmanoeuvre <> takti
outmanoeuvred <> outma
outmatch <> üstün
outmatch <> şans
outmatch <> fırsa
outmoded <> demod
outmoded <> modas
outmost <> en
outmost <> en 
outnumber <> fazla
outnumber <> sayıc
outnumbered <> sayıc
outpace <> daha
outpace <> geçme
outpace <> gerid
outpacing <> gerid
outpatient <> ayakt
outpatient <> hasta
outpatients <> ayakt
outperform <> üstün
outperform <> daha
outperform <> outpe
outperformed <> gerid
outperforms <> daha
outplay <> daha
outpoint <> açık
outpoint <> daha
outport <> şehir
outport <> dış
outport <> dış 
outpost <> başke
outpost <> ileri
outposts <> karak
outpour <> dökül
outpour <> içini
outpour <> karşı
outpour <> taşma
outpouring <> dökül
outpouring <> içini
outpouring <> karşı
outpouring <> taşma
output <> çıkış
output <> çıktı
output <> üreti
output <> k.d.v
output <> verim
outputs <> çıkış
outputting <> çıkış
outrage <> çiğne
outrage <> hakar
outrage <> kötü
outrage <> kırma
outrage <> rezal
outrage <> tecâv
outrage <> yasad
outrage <> zedel
outrage <> zorba
outrage <> zorla
outraged <> çiled
outrageous <> çok
outrageous <> çok 
outrageous <> aşırı
outrageous <> acıma
outrageous <> rezil
outrageous <> zalim
outrageousness <> rezal
outrageousness <> rezil
outrange <> daha
outrange <> geçme
outrank <> daha
outrank <> rütbe
outreach <> aşmak
outreach <> daha
outreach <> sosya
outreached <> Uzanm
outremer <> Outre
outride <> atlat
outride <> daha
outrider <> araba
outrider <> eskor
outrigger <> avara
outrigger <> dirse
outright <> açıkç
outright <> açık
outright <> anınd
outright <> bütün
outright <> bir 
outright <> düped
outright <> dobra
outright <> hemen
outright <> kesin
outright <> tam
outright <> tamam
outrival <> üstün
outrival <> geçme
outrun <> çıkış
outrun <> daha
outrun <> depar
outrun <> geçme
outrun <> sınır
outrunner <> araba
outrunner <> köpek
outs <> çıkış
outsell <> daha
outset <> Başla
outset <> baş
outset <> başla
outshine <> öne 
outshine <> daha
outshine <> gölge
outshined <> Outsh
outshines <> gölge
outside <> ötesi
outside <> -den
outside <> açık
outside <> dışın
outside <> dış
outside <> dış 
outside <> dışar
outside <> dışta
outside <> en 
outside <> haric
outside <> ileri
outside <> maksi
outsider <> aykır
outsider <> dışar
outsider <> görgü
outsider <> ilgis
outsider <> kazan
outsider <> yaban
outsiders <> Yaban
outsides <> dışım
outsit <> daha
outsize <> çok 
outsize <> batta
outsized <> çok 
outsized <> en
outsized <> en 
outskirts <> etekl
outskirts <> kenar
outskirts <> varoş
outsmart <> daha
outsmart <> kurna
outsmart <> zekâs
outsold <> almış
outsole <> dış
outsourced <> dış
outsourcing <> dış
outspan <> koşum
outspeed <> daha
outspoken <> açık
outspoken <> dobra
outspoken <> lâfın
outspoken <> lafın
outspoken <> sözün
outspoken <> samim
outspokenly <> açıkç
outspokenly <> açık
outspokenness <> açık
outspokenness <> samim
outspread <> seril
outspread <> yayıl
outstanding <> ödenm
outstanding <> askıd
outstanding <> göze
outstanding <> kalbu
outstanding <> seçki
outstanding <> tamam
outstanding <> yerin
outstandingly <> olağa
outstay <> fazla
outstay <> geçir
outstay <> gereğ
outstretch <> seres
outstretch <> uzanm
outstretch <> uzatm
outstretch <> yayıl
outstretched <> uzanm
outstretched <> uzatı
outstrip <> daha
outstrip <> geçme
outstrip <> gerid
outstripped <> gerid
outstrips <> daha
outtalk <> bastı
outtalk <> sustu
outtalk <> yerin
outturn <> üreti
outturn <> mahsu
outturn <> verim
outvote <> daha
outvote <> oy 
outvoter <> dışar
outwall <> Cephe
outward <> dış
outward <> dışa
outward <> dışar
outward <> görün
outwardly <> dışa
outwardly <> dışta
outwardly <> görün
outwards <> dışa
outwards <> dışar
outwards <> görün
outway <> çıkış
outwear <> daha
outwear <> eskit
outweigh <> ağır
outweigh <> daha
outweighs <> daha
outwell <> Outwe
outwit <> atlat
outwit <> kekle
outwit <> kurna
outwit <> zekâs
outwork <> deste
outwork <> eve 
outwork <> metri
outwork <> siper
outworker <> evind
outworn <> çağdı
outworn <> eskim
outworn <> modas
ouverture <> Ouver
ouvriere <> Ouvri
ouzel <> ardıç
ova <> yumur
oval <> oval
oval <> yumur
ovality <> ovall
ovals <> oval
ovarial <> over
ovarian <> yumur
ovariectomized <> overe
ovariectomy <> ovari
ovaries <> Yumur
ovariohysterectomy <> ovari
ovariotomy <> yumur
ovaritis <> ovari
ovaritis <> yumur
ovarium <> ovary
ovary <> tohum
ovary <> yumur
ovate <> yumur
ovation <> çılgı
ovation <> alkış
ovations <> tezah
oven <> fırın
oven <> ocak
ovens <> fırın
ovenware <> fırın
over <> çok
over <> çok 
over <> öbür
over <> öte
over <> ötede
over <> öteye
over <> üstün
over <> üzeri
over <> aşırı
over <> aşkın
over <> adama
over <> altın
over <> aracı
over <> başka
over <> başta
over <> bitmi
over <> boyun
over <> daha
over <> fazla
over <> geçki
over <> gereğ
over <> hakkı
over <> her 
over <> iyice
over <> kalan
over <> karşı
over <> sona
over <> tekra
over <> tepes
over <> tersi
over <> yükse
over <> yine
overabundant <> aşırı
overabundant <> haddi
overachievers <> Overa
overact <> abart
overacting <> abart
overaction <> hiper
overactive <> Aşırı
overactivity <> aşırı
overage <> fazla
overage <> geçki
overage <> yaşı
overaged <> yaşı
overaged <> yaşlı
overages <> Tesel
overall <> önlük
overall <> bir 
overall <> etraf
overall <> göğüs
overall <> genel
overall <> tüm
overall <> tam
overalls <> iş 
overalls <> tulum
overanxious <> çok 
overanxious <> aşırı
overanxious <> fazla
overarch <> üzeri
overarching <> kapsa
overarm <> kulaç
overawe <> korku
overawe <> sindi
overbalance <> ağır
overbalance <> denge
overbalance <> fazla
overbear <> ağır
overbear <> bastı
overbear <> ezmek
overbear <> fazla
overbear <> zorba
overbearance <> azame
overbearance <> ezici
overbearance <> zorba
overbearing <> baskı
overbearing <> küsta
overbearing <> zorba
overbend <> Overb
overbid <> artır
overbid <> dekla
overbid <> fazla
overbidding <> artır
overblanket <> batta
overblouse <> içe
overblouse <> içe 
overblowing <> aşırı
overblown <> fazla
overblown <> solmu
overboard <> deniz
overboard <> gemid
overbold <> aşırı
overbold <> gözük
overbook <> fazla
overbooking <> Çifte
overbrim <> aşmak
overbrim <> taşma
overbroad <> Çok
overbuild <> çok 
overbuild <> üzeri
overbuild <> beton
overburden <> çok
overburden <> çok 
overburden <> fazla
overburdened <> aşırı
overburdening <> aşırı
overburn <> Overb
overby <> Taşan
overcall <> üste
overcalls <> Üstte
overcame <> üstes
overcapacity <> kapas
overcapitalize <> fazla
overcapitalize <> serma
overcast <> basık
overcast <> bulut
overcast <> endiş
overcast <> kapal
overcast <> kapan
overcast <> kenar
overcast <> sülfi
overcharge <> şişir
overcharge <> abart
overcharge <> fahiş
overcharge <> fazla
overcharge <> kazık
overcharged <> fazla
overcharging <> aşırı
overclocked <> hızaş
overclocker <> aşırt
overclockers <> overc
overclocking <> overc
overclocks <> overc
overclothing <> önlük
overcloud <> bulut
overcloud <> kapan
overcoat <> manto
overcoat <> palto
overcoating <> atma
overcoats <> etekl
overcome <> üstes
overcome <> atlat
overcome <> başa
overcome <> başar
overcome <> hakkı
overcome <> halle
overcome <> zayıf
overcomes <> üstes
overcometh <> Galip
overcoming <> aşılm
overcompensate <> fazla
overcompensate <> telâf
overcompensation <> aşırı
overconfidence <> kendi
overconfident <> kendi
overcooked <> çok
overcooked <> çok 
overcorrection <> aşırı
overcrop <> çok
overcrop <> çok 
overcrowd <> fazla
overcrowded <> aşırı
overcrowded <> tıklı
overcrowding <> aşırı
overcurrent <> aşırı
overdentures <> overd
overdesign <> Aşırı
overdispersion <> aşırı
overdo <> aşırı
overdo <> abart
overdo <> fazla
overdone <> abart
overdone <> bitki
overdone <> fazla
overdosage <> Doz
overdose <> aşırı
overdose <> doz 
overdosed <> aşırı
overdoses <> aşırı
overdosing <> doz
overdraft <> fazla
overdraft <> kredi
overdraw <> abart
overdraw <> fazla
overdrawn <> abart
overdress <> üst
overdress <> üst 
overdress <> aşırı
overdress <> giyim
overdressing <> giydi
overdrive <> aşırı
overdrive <> büyük
overdrive <> overd
overdriven <> overd
overdrunk <> Overd
overdrying <> saçın
overdubbing <> dubla
overdue <> geç 
overdue <> rötar
overdue <> vades
overeat <> çok
overeat <> çok 
overeat <> fazla
overemphasised <> abart
overemphasize <> öneml
overemphasize <> üzeri
overemphasized <> gereğ
overestimate <> abart
overestimated <> abart
overestimations <> abart
overexcited <> aşırı
overexploitation <> aşırı
overexposed <> pozla
overextended <> aşırı
overfamiliarity <> berab
overfeed <> fazla
overfeeding <> fazla
overfill <> fazla
overfilled <> aşırı
overfilling <> doldu
overfishing <> aşırı
overflight <> helik
overflights <> uçuşl
overflow <> azıtm
overflow <> azmak
overflow <> coşma
overflow <> dışın
overflow <> dolup
overflow <> sığma
overflow <> su 
overflow <> taşma
overflowed <> overf
overflowing <> berek
overflowing <> bollu
overflowing <> coşku
overflowing <> su 
overflowing <> taşan
overflowing <> taşkı
overflowing <> taşma
overflows <> taşma
overfly <> öteye
overfly <> üzeri
overfond <> aşırı
overfreight <> fazla
overfull <> fazla
overglaze <> sır
overgrazing <> aşırı
overground <> yer
overground <> yer 
overgrow <> fazla
overgrow <> küçük
overgrow <> kapla
overgrow <> sığma
overgrow <> sarma
overgrown <> çok 
overgrown <> azman
overgrown <> kapla
overgrown <> otlar
overgrowth <> fazla
overgrowth <> kapla
overhand <> eli 
overhand <> yukar
overhang <> çıkın
overhang <> üzeri
overhang <> sarka
overhang <> sarkm
overhang <> tehdi
overhang <> yakın
overhanging <> sarka
overhangs <> çıkın
overhaul <> bakım
overhaul <> elden
overhaul <> gözde
overhaul <> tamir
overhauled <> elden
overhauling <> elden
overhauls <> reviz
overhead <> üstte
overhead <> asma
overhead <> genel
overhead <> havad
overhead <> havai
overhead <> teped
overhead <> yukar
overheads <> genel
overheads <> sabit
overhear <> kulak
overhear <> tesad
overheard <> kulak
overhearing <> kulak
overheat <> çok 
overheat <> ısınm
overheat <> fazla
overheat <> kızdı
overheated <> ısınm
overheating <> aşırı
overheatings <> aşırı
overhung <> radya
overindulgence <> aşırı
overindulgence <> fazla
overindulgent <> aşırı
overindulgent <> fazla
overinterpretation <> Aşırı
overissue <> fazla
overissue <> piyas
overjoy <> çok 
overjoy <> aşırı
overjoyed <> çok
overjoyed <> çok 
overjoyed <> aşırı
overjoyed <> sevin
overladen <> aşırı
overladen <> fazla
overlain <> örtül
overland <> kara
overland <> karad
overland <> karay
overlander <> Overl
overlap <> çakış
overlap <> örtüş
overlap <> üstün
overlap <> üst 
overlap <> aşma
overlap <> aşmak
overlap <> kapla
overlapped <> üst
overlapping <> örtüş
overlaps <> çakış
overlay <> örtü
overlay <> üstün
overlay <> üst 
overlay <> üzeri
overlay <> bindi
overlay <> fazla
overlay <> kapla
overlay <> yükle
overlayed <> çakış
overlays <> bindi
overleaf <> sayfa
overlie <> örter
overlie <> üzeri
overlied <> üzerl
overlies <> üzerl
overlighted <> aydın
overlighting <> Overl
overload <> aşırı
overload <> fazla
overloaded <> aşırı
overloading <> aşırı
overloading <> fazla
overloads <> aşırı
overlock <> overl
overlocked <> Overl
overlocks <> overl
overlong <> fazla
overlook <> bakma
overlook <> görme
overlook <> göz 
overlook <> gözde
overlook <> hoşgö
overlook <> nazır
overlook <> nazar
overlook <> sayma
overlook <> yükse
overlooked <> ardı
overlooked <> gözde
overlooking <> bakan
overlooking <> göz 
overlooking <> nazır
overlooking <> yükse
overlooks <> bakan
overlord <> amir
overlord <> dereb
overlords <> dereb
overly <> aşırı
overly <> fazla
overlying <> üzerl
overman <> amir
overman <> gözcü
overman <> ustab
overmanned <> şişki
overmanned <> gereğ
overmanning <> kadro
overmaster <> hakkı
overmuch <> çok 
overmuch <> gereğ
overmuch <> pek 
overnet <> Overn
overnight <> anide
overnight <> bir
overnight <> bir 
overnight <> dün 
overnight <> gece
overnight <> gecel
overnight <> kısa
overnighters <> gecel
overnights <> gecel
overpack <> Paket
overpaid <> ödenm
overpass <> üstün
overpass <> üst
overpass <> üst 
overpass <> görme
overpass <> yukar
overpasses <> üstge
overpay <> fala
overpayment <> Fazla
overpayments <> Fazla
overpeopled <> aşırı
overplay <> abart
overplay <> fazla
overplus <> fazla
overpopulated <> fazla
overpopulation <> aşırı
overpower <> boyun
overpower <> hakkı
overpower <> yenme
overpowering <> baskı
overpraise <> fazla
overpressure <> aşırı
overprint <> çok 
overprint <> üzeri
overprint <> fazla
overprinted <> sürşa
overprinting <> üst
overproduce <> fazla
overproduction <> fazla
overproof <> fazla
overprotected <> fazla
overprotective <> aşırı
overran <> istil
overrate <> fazla
overrate <> gözün
overrate <> gereğ
overrating <> önems
overreach <> arka
overreach <> boyun
overreach <> hile
overreact <> aşırı
overreacted <> Aşırı
overreacting <> Aşırı
overreaction <> Aşırı
overregulation <> bürok
overrepresented <> aşırı
overridden <> geçer
override <> çiğne
override <> üst 
override <> ağır
override <> atı 
override <> at 
override <> geçer
override <> hüküm
override <> hakkı
overrides <> geçer
overriding <> ağır
overriding <> başta
overripe <> olgun
overrule <> geçer
overrule <> hükme
overrule <> iptal
overrule <> redde
overruled <> bozdu
overruling <> bozma
overrun <> aşmak
overrun <> fazla
overrun <> haddi
overrun <> istil
overrun <> taşma
overrun <> yenid
overrunning <> taşma
overruns <> aşımı
overs <> eylem
oversampling <> örnek
oversaturated <> doygu
oversaturation <> doyma
oversaw <> nezar
oversea <> deniz
overseas <> deniz
oversee <> denet
oversee <> gözet
oversee <> yönet
overseeing <> nezar
overseen <> denet
overseer <> denet
overseer <> gözet
overseer <> müfet
overseer <> yönet
overseers <> gözet
oversees <> nezar
oversell <> fazla
oversensing <> aşırı
oversensitive <> aşırı
overset <> alabo
overset <> altüs
overset <> devir
overset <> devri
oversew <> overl
oversexed <> seks
overshade <> gölge
overshadow <> gölge
overshadowed <> gölge
overshadowing <> gölge
overshadows <> gölge
overshoe <> şoson
overshoe <> galoş
overshoes <> galoş
overshoot <> hedef
overshoot <> ileri
overshooting <> sıçra
overshot <> Aşılm
oversight <> dikka
oversight <> gözde
oversight <> gözet
oversight <> gafle
oversight <> nezar
oversimplification <> basit
oversimplified <> basit
oversimplify <> aşırı
oversimplify <> fazla
oversize <> büyük
oversized <> büyük
overslaugh <> bölme
overslaugh <> daha
oversleep <> fazla
oversleep <> uyuya
oversleeve <> kollu
overslept <> kaçır
oversoul <> Ruhüs
overspeed <> aşırı
overspend <> bütçe
overspend <> fazla
overspent <> aştık
overspill <> şehir
overspill <> taşan
overspilling <> taşan
overspread <> üzeri
overspread <> kapla
overspread <> yayıl
overstaffed <> gereğ
overstaffing <> aşırı
overstate <> abart
overstate <> büyüt
overstatement <> şişir
overstatement <> abart
overstating <> boşun
overstay <> çok 
overstay <> gereğ
overstep <> aşmak
overstep <> tecâv
overstepped <> aştığ
oversteps <> zorlu
overstimulated <> uyarı
overstimulation <> aşırı
overstock <> fazla
overstrain <> aşırı
overstrain <> fazla
overstraining <> Aşırı
overstress <> tâbid
overstretching <> geril
overstrung <> çok
overstrung <> çok 
overstrung <> aşırı
overstrung <> fazla
overstuffed <> doldu
oversupply <> fazla
overt <> açık
overt <> aşikâ
overt <> meyda
overtake <> bastı
overtake <> solla
overtake <> yakal
overtake <> yetiş
overtakes <> gelse
overtaking <> solla
overtask <> fazla
overtax <> ağır
overtax <> aşırı
overtax <> taşır
overthrew <> devir
overthrow <> çöker
overthrow <> düşür
overthrow <> devir
overthrow <> hüküm
overthrow <> yıkma
overthrowing <> devir
overthrown <> devri
overthrust <> bindi
overthrusts <> bindi
overtightened <> aşırı
overtime <> fazla
overtire <> çok
overtire <> çok 
overtly <> açıkt
overtone <> ardın
overtone <> armon
overtone <> ikinc
overtone <> ima
overtone <> ima 
overtook <> geçti
overtop <> üstün
overtop <> tepes
overtopping <> aşma
overtower <> üstün
overtower <> tepes
overtrain <> fazla
overtrump <> daha
overtrump <> koz 
overture <> öneri
overture <> giriş
overture <> peşre
overture <> tekli
overture <> uvert
overtures <> görüş
overturn <> alabo
overturn <> altüs
overturn <> devir
overturn <> devri
overturn <> ters
overturn <> tersi
overturned <> devri
overturning <> devir
overturns <> bozdu
overtype <> üzeri
overuse <> aşırı
overvaluation <> değer
overvalue <> fazla
overvalued <> aşırı
overview <> genel
overview <> kısac
overviewed <> gözde
overviewing <> gözde
overviews <> Özetl
overvoltage <> Yükse
overvoltages <> aşırı
overwatch <> Overw
overwater <> Overw
overweening <> aşırı
overweening <> kendi
overweening <> kibir
overweening <> mağru
overweight <> üstün
overweight <> şişma
overweight <> ağır
overweight <> kilo
overweight <> kilol
overwhelm <> alt 
overwhelm <> boğma
overwhelm <> ezmek
overwhelm <> kahre
overwhelm <> kapla
overwhelm <> mahçu
overwhelmed <> boğul
overwhelming <> ezici
overwhelming <> kahre
overwhelming <> karşı
overwhelmingly <> ezici
overwhelms <> bunal
overwind <> fazla
overwinter <> kışı
overwinter <> kışla
overwintered <> kışla
overwintering <> kışla
overwork <> çok 
overwork <> fazla
overwrite <> üstün
overwrite <> üzeri
overwrite <> şataf
overwrites <> üzeri
overwriting <> üzeri
overwritten <> üzeri
overwrote <> üzeri
overwrought <> çok 
overwrought <> aşırı
overwrought <> sinir
overzealous <> çok
overzealous <> çok 
ovibos <> Ovibo
oviduct <> yumur
oviform <> koyun
oviform <> yumur
ovine <> koyun
oviparous <> yumur
oviposition <> ovipo
ovipositor <> yumur
ovogenesis <> yumur
ovoid <> oval
ovoid <> yumur
ovular <> yumur
ovulate <> yumur
ovulating <> yumur
ovulation <> ovüla
ovulation <> yumur
ovulatory <> ovula
ovule <> ovum
ovule <> tohum
ovule <> yumur
ovum <> ovum
ovum <> tohum
ovum <> yumur
owe <> borçl
owe <> duyma
owe <> minne
owed <> borçl
owes <> borçl
owing <> ödenm
owing <> borçl
owl <> ağırb
owl <> bayku
owl <> bilge
owl <> puhu
owlish <> bayku
owls <> Bayku
own <> öz
own <> itira
own <> kabul
own <> kendi
own <> sahip
own <> tanım
own <> tesli
owned <> sahib
owner <> kiray
owner <> mal 
owner <> sahib
owner <> sahip
ownerless <> sahip
owners <> sahip
ownership <> iyeli
ownership <> mülki
ownership <> sahip
ownerships <> iyeli
owning <> sahip
owns <> sahib
ox <> öküz
oxacillin <> oksas
oxalate <> oksal
oxalates <> oksal
oxalic <> oksal
oxaloacetate <> oksal
oxazine <> oksaz
oxbow <> Oxbow
oxcart <> kağnı
oxcarts <> öküz
oxen <> öküzl
oxer <> Oxer
oxes <> OXES
oxford <> Oxfor
oxfords <> oxfor
oxhide <> öküz
oxid <> oksit
oxidant <> oksid
oxidants <> oksid
oxidase <> oksid
oxidases <> oksid
oxidate <> oksit
oxidate <> pasla
oxidated <> oksid
oxidation <> oksid
oxidation <> oksit
oxidation <> pasla
oxidation <> yükse
oxidations <> oksid
oxidative <> oksid
oxidatively <> oksid
oxide <> oksit
oxides <> oksit
oxidic <> Oksid
oxidisation <> oksit
oxidise <> oksit
oxidised <> oksid
oxidiser <> Oksit
oxidisers <> oksit
oxidising <> oksit
oxidizable <> oksit
oxidizable <> pasla
oxidization <> oksid
oxidize <> oksit
oxidize <> pasla
oxidized <> oksid
oxidizer <> oksid
oxidizer <> yükse
oxidizers <> yükse
oxidizes <> oksit
oxidizing <> oksit
oxidoreductase <> oksid
oxidoreductases <> oksid
oxim <> semik
oxime <> oksim
oximes <> Oksim
oximeter <> oksim
oximetry <> oksim
oxlip <> çuha
oxo <> okso
oxtail <> öküz
oxy <> oksi
oxyacetylene <> oksia
oxybenzone <> Oxybe
oxybutynin <> oksib
oxychloride <> oksik
oxycodone <> oksik
oxygen <> oksij
oxygenase <> oksij
oxygenate <> oksij
oxygenated <> oksij
oxygenates <> oksij
oxygenation <> oksij
oxygenator <> oksij
oxygenic <> Oksij
oxygenize <> oksij
oxygenized <> Oksij
oxygens <> oksij
oxyhemoglobin <> oksih
oxyhydrogen <> oksih
oxymetholone <> oksim
oxymoron <> sözle
oxytetracycline <> oksit
oxytocic <> oksit
oxytocin <> oksit
oyer <> adli
oyer <> dinle
oyer <> sorgu
oyez <> dinle
oys <> OYS
oyster <> istir
oystercatcher <> Oyste
oysters <> istir
ozonated <> ozonl
ozonation <> ozonl
ozone <> ozon
ozone <> temiz
ozonic <> ozon
ozonic <> ozonl
ozoniferous <> ozonl
ozonization <> ozoni
ozonize <> ozonl
ozonosphere <> Ozono
pa <> baba
pa <> pa
paard <> Paard
pabulum <> besin
pabulum <> gıda
paca <> paça
pace <> adım
pace <> adıml
pace <> düzen
pace <> hızın
pace <> hız
pace <> izniy
pace <> rahva
pace <> uygun
pace <> volta
pace <> yürüm
pace <> yürüy
paced <> tempo
pacemaker <> kâlp
pacemaker <> pacem
pacemaker <> yarış
pacemakers <> Kalp
pacer <> rahva
pacer <> yarış
pacers <> Pacer
paces <> adım
pacesetter <> önaya
pacha <> paşa
pachacamac <> Pacha
pachinko <> Pachi
pachisi <> Pachi
pachyderm <> kalın
pachydermatous <> kalın
pachydermatous <> vurdu
pachymeter <> pakim
pacific <> Büyük
pacific <> Pasif
pacific <> barış
pacific <> sakin
pacification <> ülked
pacification <> barış
pacification <> huzur
pacification <> uzlaş
pacificatory <> sakin
pacificatory <> yatış
pacified <> huzur
pacified <> sakin
pacifier <> arabu
pacifier <> emzik
pacifiers <> emzik
pacifies <> yatış
pacifism <> barış
pacifist <> barış
pacifists <> pasif
pacify <> barış
pacify <> huzur
pacify <> sakin
pacify <> uzlaş
pacify <> yatış
pacifying <> pasif
pack <> ambal
pack <> bavul
pack <> bohça
pack <> defet
pack <> defol
pack <> deste
pack <> eşyal
pack <> istif
pack <> kütle
pack <> paket
pack <> sürü
pack <> sırt
pack <> sargı
pack <> sarma
pack <> semer
pack <> tıka
pack <> topar
pack <> topla
pack <> vurma
pack <> yığın
pack <> yığma
package <> ambal
package <> bohça
package <> koli
package <> paket
packaged <> paket
packager <> paket
packagers <> paket
packages <> paket
packaging <> paket
packagings <> ambal
packed <> hınca
packed <> paket
packed <> tıka
packer <> ambal
packer <> paket
packer <> topta
packers <> paket
packet <> çıkın
packet <> ambal
packet <> bir 
packet <> bohça
packet <> ceza
packet <> paket
packet <> sorun
packet <> yaral
packeting <> paket
packetization <> paket
packetized <> paket
packets <> paket
packhorse <> yük
packhorse <> yük 
packing <> ambal
packing <> conta
packing <> paket
packing <> salma
packing <> sarma
packing <> tıkaç
packing <> tampo
packinghouse <> paket
packinghouses <> paket
packings <> ambal
packman <> seyya
packs <> paket
packsaddle <> semer
packsaddles <> dokum
paclitaxel <> pakli
pacos <> Paços
pacs <> PACS
pact <> anlaş
pact <> pakt
pact <> sözle
pacts <> paktl
pacy <> Pacy
pad <> ped
pada <> Pada
padang <> Padan
padar <> Padar
padded <> keçe
padded <> pamuk
padded <> ses 
padded <> yastı
padder <> fular
padders <> baskı
paddies <> tarla
padding <> dolgu
padding <> fodra
padding <> paddi
paddings <> paddi
paddle <> çark
paddle <> ayakl
paddle <> badi
paddle <> bel
paddle <> kürek
paddle <> kıça
paddle <> kısa
paddle <> kano
paddle <> kaplu
paddle <> pala
paddle <> tokaç
paddled <> kürek
paddles <> kürek
paddling <> ayakl
paddock <> etraf
paddock <> karak
paddock <> kurba
paddock <> otlak
paddock <> padok
paddocks <> çayır
paddy <> Çelti
paddy <> öfke
paddy <> İrlan
paddy <> hidde
padishah <> padiş
padlock <> asma
padlocking <> asma
padlocks <> asma
padma <> Padma
padre <> ordu
pads <> pedle
paean <> zafer
paederast <> homos
paederast <> kulam
paederast <> oğlan
paederasty <> homos
paederasty <> oğlan
paediatric <> çocuk
paediatric <> pedia
paediatrician <> çocuk
paediatricians <> çocuk
paediatrics <> çocuk
paediatrics <> pedia
paediatrist <> çocuk
paediatry <> çocuk
paediatry <> pedia
paedophile <> sübya
paedophiles <> pedop
paedophilia <> Pedof
paeon <> bir
paeon <> bir 
pagan <> putpe
paganic <> pagan
paganism <> putpe
paganist <> putpe
paganizer <> Pagan
pagans <> putpe
page <> çağrı
page <> şöval
page <> içoğl
page <> komi
page <> oteld
page <> peyk
page <> sayfa
pageant <> alayı
pageant <> göste
pageant <> geçit
pageant <> tanta
pageantry <> geçit
pageantry <> tanta
pageants <> yarış
pageboy <> komi
pageboy <> peyk
paged <> sayfa
pagehood <> peykl
pager <> çağrı
pagers <> çağrı
pages <> sayfa
pagesize <> pageS
pagina <> Pagin
paginal <> sayfa
paginas <> Págin
paginate <> sayfa
paginated <> numar
pagination <> pagin
pagination <> sayfa
paging <> çağrı
paging <> sayfa
pagoda <> pagod
pagoda <> uzakd
pagodas <> pagod
pah <> öğk
pah <> pöh
pahlavi <> Pehle
pahlevi <> Pehle
pahoehoe <> Pahöh
pahs <> PAH
paid <> ödenm
paid <> ücret
paid <> maaşl
paid <> paral
paik <> Paik
pail <> kova
pailful <> kova
paillard <> Paill
paillasse <> ot
paillasse <> ot 
paillette <> maden
pails <> koval
pain <> üzmek
pain <> ızdır
pain <> ağrı
pain <> acı
pain <> acıtm
pain <> azap
pain <> canın
pain <> ceza
pain <> dert
pain <> elem
pain <> emek
pain <> eziye
pain <> sızı
pain <> sancı
pain <> zahme
pained <> üzgün
pained <> canı
pained <> keder
painful <> üzücü
painful <> ağrıt
painful <> acı
painful <> acıta
painful <> can 
painful <> eziye
painful <> yoruc
painful <> zahme
painfully <> acı
painfulness <> acıla
paining <> acı
painkiller <> ağrı
painkillers <> ağrı
painkilling <> ağrı
painless <> ağrıs
painless <> acısı
painlessly <> ağrıs
painlessly <> acıtm
pains <> özen
pains <> ağrıl
pains <> emek
pains <> zahme
painstaking <> özen
painstaking <> özenl
painstaking <> emek
painstaking <> itina
painstaking <> zahme
painstakingly <> özenl
paint <> özsu
paint <> boya
paint <> boyam
paint <> fondö
paint <> makya
paint <> resim
paint <> resme
paintable <> boyan
paintballers <> Paint
paintballs <> boya
paintbox <> boya
paintbox <> makya
paintbrush <> boya
paintbrushes <> fırça
painted <> boyal
painted <> boyan
painted <> renkl
painted <> taraf
painter <> çıma
painter <> boyac
painter <> pruva
painter <> ressa
painterly <> resim
painters <> ressa
painting <> boyam
painting <> resim
painting <> ressa
painting <> tablo
paintings <> resim
paintress <> ressa
paints <> boyal
paintwork <> araba
paintwork <> boya
paintworks <> boyah
painty <> boyal
painty <> fazla
pair <> çift
pair <> çiftl
pair <> araba
pair <> eş
pair <> eşleş
pair <> eşlem
pair <> evlen
pair <> iki 
paired <> eşleş
pairing <> çiftl
pairing <> eşleş
pairings <> eşleş
pairs <> çiftl
pairwise <> ikili
pais <> sulhe
paisan <> Paisa
paise <> methi
pajama <> pijam
pajamas <> pijam
pal <> ahbap
pal <> arkad
pal <> dost
palabra <> Palab
palace <> palas
palace <> saray
palaces <> saray
paladin <> şöval
paladin <> şarlm
paladins <> palad
palaemon <> Palae
palaeoanthropologist <> Paleo
palaeoanthropologists <> paleo
palaeoclimate <> paleo
palaeoclimatic <> paleo
palaeoecology <> paleo
palaeoenvironment <> ortam
palaeoenvironmental <> paleo
palaeogeographic <> paleo
palaeogeographical <> paleo
palaeogeography <> paleo
palaeographer <> eski
palaeography <> eski
palaeolithic <> Paleo
palaeolithic <> paleo
palaeolithic <> yontm
palaeomagnetism <> paleo
palaeontological <> paleo
palaeontologist <> paleo
palaeontologist <> taşıl
palaeontologists <> paleo
palaeontology <> paleo
palaeontology <> taşıl
palaeopathology <> paleo
palaestra <> Eski
palamino <> altın
palanka <> Palan
palanquin <> tahtı
palapa <> PALAP
palas <> Palas
palatability <> lezze
palatable <> hoşa
palatable <> lezze
palatable <> makbu
palatal <> damağ
palatal <> damak
palatalize <> damak
palate <> ağız
palate <> damak
palate <> tat 
palates <> damak
palatial <> görke
palatial <> saray
palatics <> Palat
palatina <> Palat
palatinate <> palat
palatine <> damak
palatine <> palat
palatinose <> Palat
palaver <> boş 
palaver <> palav
palaver <> pohpo
palaver <> yağ 
palaver <> yerli
palazzi <> Palaz
pale <> açık
pale <> akça
pale <> benzi
pale <> kazığ
pale <> kazık
pale <> rengi
pale <> renks
pale <> sönük
pale <> sınır
pale <> sarı
pale <> sarar
pale <> soldu
pale <> solgu
pale <> solma
pale <> soluk
pale <> uçuk
pale <> yetki
paleface <> soluk
palely <> solgu
paleness <> solgu
paleness <> soluk
palenque <> Palen
paleoanthropological <> paleo
paleoanthropologist <> paleo
paleoanthropologists <> paleo
paleoanthropology <> paleo
paleobiogeographic <> paleo
paleobiogeography <> paleo
paleobiological <> Paleo
paleobotany <> PALEO
paleoceanography <> paleo
paleoclimate <> paleo
paleoclimatic <> paleo
paleoclimatology <> paleo
paleoecology <> paleo
paleogeographic <> paleo
paleogeography <> paleo
paleographer <> eski
paleographic <> paleo
paleographical <> paleo
paleography <> eski
paleomagnetic <> paleo
paleomagnetism <> paleo
paleontologic <> paleo
paleontological <> paleo
paleontologically <> paleo
paleontologist <> paleo
paleontologist <> taşıl
paleontologists <> paleo
paleontology <> paleo
paleontology <> taşıl
paler <> solgu
pales <> Pales
palest <> solgu
palestra <> Eski
palette <> palet
palettes <> palet
palfrey <> binek
palfrey <> küçük
palgrave <> Palgr
palier <> PALIE
palikar <> delik
palikar <> palik
palimpsest <> yenid
palindromes <> palin
paling <> çit
paling <> parma
palingenesis <> yenid
palings <> kazık
palinurus <> Palin
palis <> Palis
palisade <> çit
palisade <> çit 
palisade <> kazık
palisade <> parma
palisade <> siper
palisades <> Palis
palish <> solgu
pall <> bıktı
pall <> cenaz
pall <> kabak
pall <> kapal
pall <> kasve
pall <> kolsu
pall <> tabut
pall <> usand
pall <> yavan
palladia <> Palla
palladium <> Palla
palladium <> palla
palladium <> tanrı
pallah <> Palla
pallas <> Palla
pallbearer <> tabut
pallet <> istif
pallet <> ot 
pallet <> palet
palleting <> palet
palletisation <> palet
palletised <> Palet
palletising <> palet
palletization <> Palet
palletized <> palet
palletizers <> palet
palletizing <> palet
pallets <> palet
pallette <> palet
pallettes <> palet
palliasse <> ot
palliasse <> ot 
palliate <> örtba
palliate <> hafif
palliate <> mazur
palliation <> örtba
palliation <> hafif
palliation <> mazur
palliative <> geçic
palliative <> hafif
palliative <> yatış
palliatively <> palya
palliatives <> palya
pallid <> benzi
pallid <> solgu
pallid <> soluk
pallidness <> solgu
pallidness <> soluk
pallidotomy <> palli
pallium <> başpi
pallium <> beyin
pallium <> palyu
pallone <> Pallo
pallor <> solgu
pally <> arkad
pally <> samim
palm <> avcun
palm <> avcuy
palm <> avuç
palm <> aya
palm <> hurma
palm <> palmi
palm <> zafer
palmarium <> Palma
palmate <> el 
palmate <> palmi
palmate <> perde
palmer <> Hrist
palmers <> Palme
palmette <> palme
palmettes <> palme
palmiped <> perde
palmist <> el
palmist <> el 
palmistry <> el
palmistry <> el 
palmitate <> palmi
palmitic <> palmi
palmitoleic <> palmi
palmitoyl <> Palmi
palms <> avuç
palmtop <> avuç
palmy <> başrı
palmy <> mutlu
palmy <> palmi
palmy <> rahat
palmyra <> Palmy
palolo <> palol
palomino <> Palom
palominos <> Palom
palooka <> becer
palooka <> kalas
palooka <> yontu
palp <> dokun
palpability <> açıkl
palpability <> dokun
palpability <> elle
palpable <> belli
palpable <> dokun
palpable <> elle
palpable <> somut
palpably <> hisse
palpate <> elle
palpated <> palpe
palpation <> dokun
palpation <> elle
palpation <> palpa
palpebra <> gözka
palpitant <> çarpı
palpitant <> hızlı
palpitant <> pırpı
palpitate <> hızlı
palpitate <> hop
palpitate <> hop 
palpitate <> pırpı
palpitating <> atan
palpitation <> çarpı
palpitation <> hızlı
palpitations <> çarpı
palpus <> dokun
palsied <> aksak
palsied <> aksay
palsied <> felçl
palsied <> sarsa
palsies <> felçl
palsy <> acizl
palsy <> felç
palsy <> inme
palsy <> kötür
palsy <> sarsa
palter <> aldat
palter <> ciddi
palter <> oyun
palter <> savsa
paltriness <> önems
paltriness <> değer
paltry <> önems
paltry <> değer
paltry <> küçük
paltry <> saçma
palynological <> palin
palynologically <> palin
palynology <> palin
pampas <> geniş
pampas <> pampa
pamper <> şımar
pamper <> bir 
pamper <> yüz 
pampering <> şımar
pampers <> memnu
pamphlet <> broşü
pamphlet <> el 
pamphlet <> hiciv
pamphlet <> kitap
pamphleteer <> broşü
pamphleteer <> hiciv
pamphleteer <> yergi
pamphlets <> broşü
pan <> Panam
pan <> eleşt
pan <> kır 
pan <> kamer
pan <> sert
pan <> surat
pan <> tabia
pan <> tava
pan <> tavad
pan <> teraz
pan <> yassı
panacea <> her
panacea <> her 
panaceas <> merhe
panache <> caka
panache <> göste
panache <> sorgu
panada <> Panad
panama <> Panam
pancake <> gövde
pancake <> krep
pancake <> yassı
pancakes <> krep
pancarditis <> panka
pancartes <> panka
panchayat <> Panch
panches <> Panch
panchromatic <> pankr
panchromatic <> renkl
pancratium <> Pancr
pancreas <> pankr
pancreases <> pankr
pancreatectomy <> pankr
pancreatic <> pankr
pancreaticoduodenectomy <> pankr
pancreatin <> Pankr
pancreatitis <> pankr
pancreatography <> pankr
pancuronium <> panku
pancytopenia <> pansi
panda <> panda
pandaemonium <> Panda
pandanus <> Panda
pandas <> panda
pandemic <> birka
pandemic <> yaygı
pandemics <> pande
pandemonic <> Pande
pandemonium <> şeyta
pandemonium <> gürül
pandemonium <> kıyam
pander <> ayart
pander <> kötül
pander <> pezev
panderism <> pezev
pandermite <> pande
pandit <> Hindu
pandits <> pandi
pandore <> Pando
pands <> Pands
pandy <> Pandy
pane <> bölme
pane <> levha
pane <> pence
panegyric <> övgü
panegyric <> methi
panegyrical <> övgü
panegyrist <> kasid
panegyrist <> methi
panegyrize <> övgül
panegyrize <> övmek
panel <> açık
panel <> anket
panel <> ayna
panel <> heyet
panel <> kitab
panel <> kontr
panel <> lambr
panel <> levha
panel <> panel
panel <> pano
panel <> tahta
panel <> toplu
paneled <> panel
paneling <> lambr
paneling <> tahta
panelist <> açık
panelist <> panel
panelists <> panel
panelized <> Panel
panelled <> panel
panelling <> lambr
panelling <> tahta
panellists <> Panel
panels <> panel
panelwork <> lambr
panencephalitis <> panen
panes <> bölme
pang <> acı
pang <> sızı
pang <> sancı
panga <> Panga
pangas <> PanGa
pangea <> Pange
pangs <> acısı
panhandle <> dilen
panhandle <> eyale
panhandle <> tava
panhandler <> dilen
panhellenic <> Panhe
panic <> çok 
panic <> komik
panic <> paniğ
panic <> panik
panic <> telaş
panicked <> panik
panicking <> panik
panicky <> kolay
panicky <> paniğ
panicky <> panik
panicle <> birle
panicle <> panik
panicmonger <> paniğ
panicmonger <> panik
panics <> panik
panicum <> Panic
panjandrum <> görev
pannage <> domuz
pannel <> panel
pannier <> küfe
pannier <> kalça
pannier <> yük 
pannikin <> maşra
panning <> çevri
panning <> alıcı
panonychus <> Panon
panoplied <> mükem
panoplied <> tam
panoplied <> tam 
panoply <> mükem
panoply <> tam
panoply <> tam 
panoptic <> Panop
panopticon <> hücre
panorama <> şehri
panorama <> geniş
panorama <> manza
panorama <> panor
panoramas <> manza
panoramic <> geniş
panoramic <> kuşba
panoramic <> panor
panoramically <> panor
pans <> tava
pansy <> herca
pansy <> homos
pansy <> kadın
pansystolic <> pansi
pant <> özlem
pant <> hızlı
pant <> hasre
pant <> panto
pant <> solum
pantaleon <> Panta
pantaloon <> komik
pantaloons <> panto
pantechnicon <> ev 
pantechnicon <> mobil
pantheism <> bütün
pantheism <> pante
pantheist <> pante
pantheistic <> pante
pantheists <> Pante
panthenol <> Panth
pantheon <> en 
pantheon <> pante
pantheon <> ulusa
pantheon <> ulusu
panther <> pante
panther <> pars
panthers <> pante
panties <> çocuk
panties <> külot
pantihose <> külot
panting <> solum
pantingly <> nefes
pantings <> Tablo
panto <> Panto
pantograph <> panto
pantographic <> panto
pantographs <> panto
pantography <> panto
pantomime <> pando
pantomime <> sessi
pantomimic <> pando
panton <> Panto
pantothenic <> panto
pantries <> kiler
pantropic <> pantr
pantropical <> Pantr
pantry <> kiler
pantryman <> kiler
pants <> külot
pants <> paçal
pants <> panto
panty <> külot
pantyhose <> külot
panuveitis <> panüv
panzer <> zırhl
panzers <> panze
paoli <> Paoli
pap <> lapa
pap <> meme
pap <> meyve
pap <> pap
pap <> perso
papa <> baba
papacy <> papal
papal <> papay
papalist <> katol
papalist <> papal
paparazzo <> papar
papaver <> Papav
papaverine <> papav
papaverous <> gelin
papaw <> kavun
papaw <> papay
papaya <> kavun
papaya <> papay
papayas <> papay
papeete <> Papee
paper <> önems
paper <> örtba
paper <> Kağıt
paper <> bedav
paper <> duvar
paper <> evrak
paper <> gazet
paper <> geçer
paper <> kâğıt
paper <> rapor
paper <> zımpa
paperback <> cilts
paperback <> karto
paperbacks <> Paper
paperboard <> karto
paperboard <> mukav
paperboards <> Mukav
paperboys <> Paper
paperclip <> ataç
paperclip <> bağla
paperclip <> rapti
paperclips <> Ataç
paperdoll <> Paper
paperdolls <> kağıt
paperless <> kağıt
papermaker <> kağıt
papermaking <> Kağıt
papers <> evrak
papers <> kâğıt
papers <> kağıt
papers <> kimli
paperweight <> Paper
paperwork <> kırta
papery <> kâğıt
papeterie <> Papet
papilio <> Papil
papilionaceous <> keleb
papilla <> kabar
papilla <> papil
papilla <> tomur
papillae <> papil
papillar <> papil
papillary <> kabar
papillary <> papil
papillary <> tomur
papilledema <> papil
papillitis <> papil
papilloedema <> papil
papilloma <> papil
papilloma <> siğil
papillomas <> papil
papillomatosis <> papil
papillomatous <> papil
papillomavirus <> papil
papillomaviruses <> papil
papist <> katol
papistic <> katol
papistical <> katol
papistry <> katol
papoose <> kızıl
papoose <> sırtt
pappi <> Pappi
pappus <> ince
pappus <> papus
pappus <> tüylü
pappy <> lapa
pappy <> sulu
paprica <> Papri
paprika <> kırmı
paprika <> papri
paps <> PEİ
papula <> kabar
papular <> papül
papulas <> Papul
papule <> kabar
papules <> papül
papulopustular <> papül
papulopustules <> papül
papulosa <> Papul
papulosquamous <> papül
papulovesicular <> papül
papyraceous <> kâğıt
papyri <> papir
papyrology <> papir
papyrus <> papir
paques <> Pâque
par <> başab
par <> eşitl
par <> itiba
par <> kur
par <> ortal
par <> par
par <> vasat
para <> paraş
para <> parag
parable <> kıssa
parable <> mesel
parables <> kıssa
parabola <> parab
parabolic <> parab
parabolical <> mesel
parabolically <> parab
paraboloid <> parab
paraboloids <> Hiber
parabrake <> paraş
paracentesis <> paras
paracentral <> paras
paracentric <> paras
paracervical <> paras
paracetamol <> paras
parachronism <> krono
parachute <> paraş
parachuted <> paraş
parachutes <> paraş
parachuting <> paraş
parachutist <> paraş
parachutists <> paraş
paraclete <> şefaa
paracrine <> parak
parade <> alay
parade <> defil
parade <> göste
parade <> geçit
parade <> hava
parade <> tefti
paraded <> geçit
parades <> geçit
paradigm <> çekim
paradigm <> kip
paradigm <> parad
paradigmatic <> parad
paradigmatically <> parad
paradigms <> parad
paradise <> Aden
paradise <> cenne
paradises <> cenne
paradisiac <> cenne
paradisiacal <> cenne
parador <> Parad
paradox <> çeliş
paradox <> mantı
paradox <> parad
paradoxal <> parad
paradoxes <> parad
paradoxical <> mantı
paradoxical <> parad
paradoxically <> parad
paradoxus <> parad
paradrop <> paraş
paraesthesia <> pares
paraesthesias <> pares
paraesthetica <> pares
paraffin <> paraf
paraffine <> paraf
paraffined <> paraf
paraffinic <> paraf
paraffining <> Paraf
paraffinoma <> Paraf
paraffins <> paraf
parafollicular <> paraf
paraformaldehyde <> paraf
paragene <> paraj
parageneses <> birli
paragenesis <> paraj
paragenetic <> paraj
paraglider <> planö
paragliders <> yamaç
paragliding <> yamaç
paragon <> erdem
paragon <> kusur
paragon <> yirmi
paragonite <> parag
paragraph <> fıkra
paragraph <> makal
paragraph <> parag
paragraph <> satır
paragrapher <> başya
paragrapher <> makal
paragraphic <> Parag
paragraphing <> parag
paragraphs <> parag
parahippocampal <> parah
parakeet <> muhab
parakeratosis <> parak
paraldehyde <> paral
paralic <> paral
paralinguistics <> güzel
paralinguistics <> ton 
parallactic <> paral
parallax <> paral
parallel <> benze
parallel <> kıyas
parallel <> karşı
parallel <> koşut
parallel <> paral
parallelable <> Paral
paralleled <> paral
parallelepiped <> paral
paralleling <> paral
parallelised <> paral
parallelism <> benze
parallelism <> koşut
parallelism <> paral
parallelization <> Paral
parallelly <> paral
parallelogram <> paral
parallelograms <> Paral
parallelpiped <> prizm
parallels <> paral
paralogism <> mantı
paralogism <> paral
paralogism <> yanıl
paralympic <> Paral
paralympics <> Paral
paralysation <> aksam
paralysation <> felç
paralyse <> aksat
paralyse <> durdu
paralyse <> felç
paralysed <> çarpı
paralysed <> felçl
paralysed <> kötür
paralyses <> felç
paralysing <> felç
paralysis <> durdu
paralysis <> felç
paralysis <> inme
paralytic <> felçl
paralytic <> inmel
paralytic <> kötür
paralytics <> Felçl
paralyze <> aksat
paralyze <> durdu
paralyze <> felç
paralyzed <> çarpı
paralyzed <> felçl
paralyzed <> kötür
paralyzer <> Paral
paralyzes <> felç
paralyzing <> felç
paramaecium <> Param
paramagnetic <> mıkna
paramagnetic <> param
paramagnetism <> param
paramatta <> Param
paramecium <> Param
paramedic <> paraş
paramedic <> yardı
paramedical <> param
paramedics <> paraş
paramesonephric <> param
parameter <> karak
parameter <> katsa
parameter <> param
parametered <> Mekan
parameterisation <> param
parameterised <> param
parameterizable <> param
parameterized <> Param
parameterless <> param
parameters <> param
parametric <> param
parametrical <> param
parametrically <> param
parametrisable <> param
parametrium <> param
parametrization <> param
parametrizations <> param
parametrized <> param
paramilitaries <> param
paramilitary <> yarı
paramo <> Param
paramount <> en 
paramount <> olağa
paramount <> ulu
paramount <> yüce
paramour <> aşık
paramour <> metre
paramour <> sevgi
paramyxoviruses <> param
paranasal <> paran
paraneoplastic <> paran
parang <> Paran
paranoia <> aşırı
paranoia <> paran
paranoiac <> paran
paranoias <> paran
paranoid <> paran
paranoids <> Paran
paranthropus <> Paran
paraovarian <> parao
paraparesis <> parap
parapet <> balko
parapet <> korku
parapet <> siper
parapets <> parap
paraph <> paraf
parapharyngeal <> paraf
paraphasias <> paraf
paraphernalia <> ötebe
paraphernalia <> özel
paraphernalia <> araç
paraphilia <> paraf
paraphilias <> paraf
paraphimosis <> paraf
paraphrase <> açıkl
paraphrase <> başka
paraphrase <> yorum
paraplegia <> belde
paraplegia <> parap
paraplegia <> yarım
paraplegic <> belde
paraplegic <> yarım
paraplegy <> parap
paraproteinaemia <> parap
parapsoriasis <> parap
parapsychological <> parap
parapsychologist <> parap
parapsychology <> parap
paras <> Parag
parasagittal <> paras
parasailing <> paras
parascending <> paraş
parasital <> asala
parasital <> paraz
parasite <> asala
parasite <> beleş
parasite <> paraz
parasitemia <> paraz
parasites <> paraz
parasitic <> asala
parasitic <> paraz
parasitic <> yayın
parasitical <> asala
parasitical <> paraz
parasitical <> yayın
parasitics <> paraz
parasitism <> asala
parasitism <> paraz
parasitized <> paraz
parasitoid <> paraz
parasitoids <> paraz
parasitologic <> paraz
parasitological <> paraz
parasitologically <> paraz
parasitologist <> paras
parasitology <> paraz
parasitoses <> Paraz
parasitosis <> paraz
parasol <> güneş
parasols <> şemsi
parasympathetic <> paras
parasympatholytic <> paras
parasympathomimetic <> paras
paratha <> Parat
parathas <> Parat
parathormone <> parat
parathyroid <> parat
parathyroidal <> parat
parathyroidectomy <> Parat
parathyroids <> Parat
paratracheal <> parat
paratroop <> paraş
paratrooper <> paraş
paratroopers <> paraş
paratroops <> hava
paratroops <> paraş
paratype <> parat
paratypes <> parat
paratyphoid <> parat
paraurethral <> paraü
paravaginal <> parav
paravalvular <> parav
paravane <> parav
paravenous <> parav
paraventricular <> parav
paraxylene <> yani
parboil <> kavur
parboil <> yarı
parboiled <> yarım
parcel <> bölme
parcel <> hisse
parcel <> koli
parcel <> paket
parcel <> parse
parcel <> parti
parcel <> toplu
parceling <> parse
parcelled <> parce
parcelling <> yardı
parcels <> parse
parcenary <> hisse
parcenary <> ortak
parcener <> miras
parcener <> ortak
parch <> kavru
parch <> kavur
parch <> kurum
parch <> kurut
parched <> kavru
parching <> kavur
parching <> yakıc
parchment <> parşö
parchment <> tirşe
parchments <> parşö
pard <> ahbap
pard <> dost
pard <> ortak
pardee <> Parde
pardi <> Pardi
pardner <> Pardn
pardo <> Pardo
pardonable <> affed
pardonable <> bağış
pardonable <> mazur
pardoned <> affet
pardoner <> günah
pardoning <> affet
pardons <> af
pare <> budam
pare <> kırpm
pare <> kısma
pare <> kabuğ
pare <> kesme
pare <> soyma
pare <> yontm
pared <> Pared
paregoric <> pareg
paregoric <> yatış
parencephalon <> beyin
parenchyma <> özel
parenchyma <> kanse
parenchyma <> paran
parenchyma <> paren
parenchymal <> paran
parenchymatous <> paran
parent <> ana
parent <> ebeve
parent <> esas
parent <> kayna
parent <> temel
parentage <> ebeve
parentage <> nesil
parentage <> soy
parental <> ana 
parental <> ebeve
parentally <> paren
parenterally <> paren
parentheses <> paran
parenthesis <> paran
parenthesized <> paran
parenthetic <> arada
parenthetic <> paran
parenthetical <> arada
parenthetical <> paran
parenthetically <> paran
parenthood <> annel
parenthood <> babal
parenthood <> ebeve
parenting <> ebeve
parentless <> öksüz
parentless <> anne-
parents <> ana 
parents <> anne
parents <> ebeve
pareo <> Pareo
paresis <> freng
paresis <> hafif
paresis <> parez
paresthesia <> pares
paresthesias <> pares
paretic <> paret
parfit <> Parfi
pargasite <> parga
parget <> alçı
parget <> alçıt
parget <> sıva
parget <> sıvam
parhelia <> Parhe
parhelion <> parhe
parhelion <> yalan
pariah <> aşağı
pariah <> parya
pariah <> toplu
parian <> Paros
parian <> beyaz
paries <> cidar
parietal <> ünive
parietal <> kafat
parietal <> organ
parietal <> parie
parietal <> yan
parietal <> yanka
parietaria <> Parie
parieto <> parye
paring <> kabuğ
paring <> soyma
parings <> soyul
parings <> yonga
paris <> Paris
parish <> cemaa
parish <> kilis
parish <> mahal
parish <> papaz
parishes <> mahal
parishioner <> kilis
parisienne <> Paris
parison <> Paris
parisons <> karşı
parities <> parit
parity <> benze
parity <> eşitl
parity <> parit
park <> futbo
park <> korum
park <> koyma
park <> otopa
park <> park
park <> parke
park <> spor
parka <> kapüş
parka <> parka
parkade <> Parka
parked <> park
parkers <> Parke
parki <> PARKI
parking <> otopa
parking <> park
parkins <> Parki
parkinsonian <> Parki
parkinsonism <> parki
parkland <> park
parks <> parkl
parkside <> Parks
parkway <> ağaçl
parky <> soğuk
parlance <> dil
parlance <> konuş
parlay <> büyüt
parlay <> değer
parlay <> fayda
parlay <> istis
parlay <> kazan
parlay <> konuş
parlay <> yönle
parlay <> yarar
parle <> Parle
parley <> barış
parley <> görüş
parley <> konuş
parley <> tartı
parley <> topla
parley <> yaban
parliament <> mecli
parliament <> parla
parliamentarian <> mecli
parliamentarian <> mille
parliamentarian <> parla
parliamentarianism <> parla
parliamentarians <> Parla
parliamentarism <> parla
parliamentary <> kibar
parliamentary <> mecli
parliamentary <> nazik
parliamentary <> parla
parliaments <> parla
parlor <> oturm
parlor <> salon
parlormaid <> sofra
parlors <> sağım
parlour <> oturm
parlour <> salon
parlourmaid <> sofra
parlours <> sağım
parlous <> ürküt
parlous <> aşırı
parlous <> fazla
parlous <> tehli
parochial <> bölge
parochial <> dar
parochial <> dar 
parochial <> sınır
parochialism <> cemaa
parochialism <> dar
parochialism <> dar 
parochiality <> dar
parochiality <> dar 
parodic <> parod
parodies <> takli
parodist <> parod
parodoi <> parad
parodos <> parad
parody <> komik
parody <> parod
parody <> takli
parodying <> parod
parol <> sözlü
parol <> yazıl
parole <> şartl
parole <> şeref
parole <> kefal
parole <> parol
paroled <> şartl
parolee <> şartl
paroles <> Şarkı
paromomycin <> parom
paronychia <> paron
paronym <> aynı
paronymous <> aynı
paroquet <> muhab
parotid <> kulak
parotid <> parot
parotidectomy <> parot
parotitis <> kabak
paroxetine <> parok
paroxysm <> kriz
paroxysm <> nöbet
paroxysm <> parok
paroxysmal <> krizl
paroxysmal <> parok
paroxysms <> parok
parp <> PARP
parquet <> parke
parquetry <> parke
parquets <> parke
parquette <> parke
parquettes <> Parke
parr <> Parr
parrakeets <> parak
parramatta <> Parra
parricidal <> akrab
parricide <> akrab
parricide <> baba
parricide <> babas
parried <> Parry
parrot <> papağ
parroted <> papağ
parrotfish <> papağ
parroting <> papağ
parrots <> papağ
parry <> atlat
parry <> geçiş
parry <> savuş
parse <> ayrış
parse <> grame
parsec <> Parse
parsecs <> parse
parsed <> çözüm
parser <> çözüm
parsers <> ayrış
parses <> ayrış
parsimonious <> cimri
parsimonious <> hasis
parsimonious <> pinti
parsimony <> aşırı
parsimony <> cimri
parsimony <> pinti
parsing <> ayrış
parsley <> mayda
parsleys <> mayda
parsnip <> yaban
parson <> papaz
parson <> rahip
parsonage <> papaz
parsons <> Parso
part <> ayırm
part <> ayrıl
part <> ayrım
part <> bölüm
part <> elden
part <> fasıl
part <> fragm
part <> görev
part <> kısım
part <> kısme
part <> kısmi
part <> katkı
part <> kesim
part <> kopma
part <> parça
part <> pay
part <> rol
part <> semt
part <> taraf
part <> tarak
part <> yedek
partage <> Parta
partake <> andır
partake <> katıl
partake <> payı
partake <> payla
partake <> yeral
partakers <> tören
partaking <> yemeğ
parted <> ayrıl
partenope <> Parte
parterre <> çiçek
parterre <> parte
parterre <> sahne
parthenocarpic <> parte
parthenocarpy <> parte
parthenogenesis <> eşeys
parthenogenesis <> ilişk
parthenogenesis <> parte
parthenogenetic <> parte
parti <> eş
partial <> düşkü
partial <> kısmi
partial <> tam 
partial <> taraf
partiality <> beğen
partiality <> düşkü
partiality <> taraf
partially <> kısme
partially <> taraf
participant <> iştir
participant <> katıl
participant <> katkı
participant <> pay 
participants <> Katıl
participate <> katıl
participate <> ortak
participate <> pay 
participated <> katıl
participates <> katıl
participating <> Katıl
participating <> kâr p
participating <> pay 
participation <> iştir
participation <> katıl
participation <> ortak
participations <> iştir
participative <> Katıl
participator <> hisse
participator <> iştir
participator <> katıl
participator <> katkı
participators <> katıl
participatory <> Katıl
participial <> ortaç
participle <> ortaç
participles <> ortac
particle <> edat
particle <> ilgeç
particle <> molek
particle <> parça
particle <> takı
particle <> tanec
particle <> zerre
particleboard <> Yonga
particleboards <> yonga
particles <> parça
particular <> özel
particular <> özell
particular <> özgü
particular <> ayrın
particular <> belir
particular <> belli
particular <> detay
particular <> dikka
particular <> husus
particular <> kişis
particular <> müşkü
particular <> nokta
particular <> titiz
particularism <> parti
particularist <> parti
particularistic <> özell
particularities <> özell
particularity <> özell
particularity <> husus
particularity <> seçic
particularity <> titiz
particularize <> ayırm
particularize <> ayrın
particularly <> özell
particularly <> ayrın
particularly <> bilha
particularly <> tek 
particulars <> ayrın
particulars <> detay
particulars <> incel
particulate <> parti
particulates <> parti
partied <> parti
parties <> parti
parting <> ölme
parting <> ayıra
parting <> ayırm
parting <> ayrıl
parting <> bölen
parting <> saçı
parting <> veda
partings <> ayrıl
partisan <> balta
partisan <> geril
partisan <> parti
partisan <> taraf
partisan <> yanda
partisans <> parti
partisanship <> akrab
partisanship <> parti
partisanship <> taraf
partita <> Parti
partitas <> parti
partite <> parça
partition <> ayırm
partition <> bölme
partition <> parça
partition <> taksi
partitioned <> bölüm
partitioner <> bölüm
partitioning <> bölüm
partitionist <> taksi
partitions <> bölüm
partitive <> bir 
partitive <> kısım
partitur <> Parti
partizan <> Parti
partly <> kısme
partner <> dam
partner <> eş
partner <> hayat
partner <> işbir
partner <> kaval
partner <> ortağ
partner <> ortak
partner <> partn
partnered <> ortak
partnering <> ortak
partners <> ortak
partnership <> hisse
partnership <> ortak
partnerships <> ortak
partons <> parto
partridge <> kekli
partridges <> kekli
parts <> bölge
parts <> parça
parts <> semt
parts <> yeten
parturient <> doğur
parturients <> gebe
parturition <> doğum
parturition <> doğur
party <> şahıs
party <> alem
party <> davet
party <> eğlen
party <> ekip
party <> grup
party <> hisse
party <> ortak
party <> parti
party <> taraf
party <> toplu
partygoers <> düğün
partying <> parti
parve <> Parve
parvenu <> sonra
parvenu <> zıpçı
parvis <> kilis
parvovirus <> Parvo
pas <> adım
pas <> pas
pascal <> paska
pascals <> Pasca
paschal <> paska
pash <> öfke
pash <> ihtir
pash <> tutku
pasha <> paşa
pashas <> Paşal
pashmina <> paşmi
pashminas <> Paşmi
paspalum <> Paspa
pasqueflower <> rüzgâ
pasquin <> Pasqu
pass <> çalım
pass <> açmak
pass <> aşmak
pass <> bildi
pass <> dönüş
pass <> dar 
pass <> devre
pass <> dinme
pass <> durum
pass <> el 
pass <> geçiş
pass <> geçir
pass <> geçit
pass <> geçme
pass <> giriş
pass <> hokka
pass <> izin
pass <> kanal
pass <> kur
pass <> onayl
pass <> pas
pass <> pas 
pass <> pasap
pass <> paso
pass <> piyas
pass <> ruhsa
pass <> söyle
pass <> uzatm
pass <> vaziy
pass <> verme
passable <> fena
passable <> geçer
passable <> geçil
passable <> orta
passacaglia <> Passa
passage <> akış
passage <> bağır
passage <> dehli
passage <> geçiş
passage <> geçit
passage <> geçme
passage <> kanal
passage <> korid
passage <> parça
passage <> pasaj
passage <> yolcu
passaged <> geçiş
passages <> pasaj
passageway <> geçit
passageway <> korid
passageway <> pasaj
passageways <> geçit
passant <> sıras
passbands <> Geçir
passbook <> hesap
passbooks <> hesap
passcard <> PassC
passcards <> Şifre
passcode <> şifre
passcodes <> şifre
passe <> eski
passe <> geçmi
passe <> modas
passed <> geçti
passementerie <> elbis
passementerie <> yaldı
passenger <> beleş
passenger <> gezgi
passenger <> işten
passenger <> yolcu
passengers <> yolcu
passeriformes <> Passe
passerine <> ötücü
passero <> Passe
passers <> geçen
passersby <> Yolda
passes <> geçer
passibility <> hassa
passible <> duygu
passible <> hassa
passiflora <> Passi
passim <> birço
passim <> sık 
passing <> ölüm
passing <> geçen
passing <> geçer
passing <> geçiş
passing <> geçic
passing <> geçir
passing <> geçme
passing <> gelip
passing <> gitme
passing <> rastg
passing <> tesad
passings <> geçiĢ
passion <> öfke
passion <> Hazre
passion <> aşk
passion <> arzu
passion <> hırs
passion <> ihtir
passion <> tutku
passionate <> ateşl
passionate <> hırsl
passionate <> ihtir
passionate <> tutku
passionately <> tutku
passionflower <> çarkı
passionless <> heyec
passionless <> kendi
passions <> tutku
passivate <> dingi
passivate <> etkis
passivated <> pasif
passivating <> Pasiv
passivation <> dingi
passivation <> pasiv
passivations <> pasiv
passive <> dingi
passive <> edilg
passive <> faizs
passive <> pasif
passively <> pasif
passiveness <> diren
passiveness <> pasif
passives <> pasif
passivism <> pasif
passivity <> dingi
passivity <> diren
passivity <> pasif
passkey <> Parol
passkey <> ana 
passkey <> bütün
passkey <> maymu
passkeys <> geçiş
passover <> Yahud
passphrase <> şifre
passport <> giriş
passport <> pasap
passports <> pasap
passway <> geçit
passways <> geçit
password <> şifre
password <> parol
passwordless <> parol
passwords <> şifre
past <> öncek
past <> öte
past <> ötesi
past <> eski
past <> geçe
past <> geçec
past <> geçen
past <> geçki
past <> geçmi
past <> mazi
past <> yanın
pasta <> makar
pastas <> makar
paste <> çiriş
paste <> elmas
paste <> ezme
paste <> hamur
paste <> macun
paste <> tutka
paste <> yapış
paste <> yumru
pasteboard <> kart
pasteboard <> karto
pasteboard <> mukav
pasted <> Yapış
pastel <> çivit
pastel <> paste
pastel <> uçuk
pastelist <> paste
pastellist <> paste
pastels <> paste
paster <> Paste
pastern <> atın
pastes <> macun
pasteurella <> Paste
pasteurisation <> pastö
pasteurised <> pastö
pasteurising <> pastö
pasteurization <> pastö
pasteurize <> pastö
pasteurized <> pastö
pasteurizer <> pastö
pasteurizers <> pastö
pasteurizing <> pastö
pastiche <> benze
pastiche <> pasti
pasties <> Pasti
pastil <> pasti
pastille <> odanı
pastille <> pasti
pastilles <> pasti
pastime <> eğlen
pastime <> hobi
pastime <> meşga
pastimes <> meşga
pastina <> Pasti
pastiness <> hamur
pastiness <> macun
pastiness <> soluk
pasting <> yapış
pastor <> papaz
pastoral <> çoban
pastoral <> kırsa
pastoral <> pasto
pastoral <> pisko
pastorale <> Pasto
pastoralism <> otlat
pastorate <> papaz
pastorize <> Pastö
pastors <> papaz
pastourelle <> PASTO
pastrami <> pastı
pastries <> hamur
pastry <> hamur
pastry <> pasta
pastrycooks <> pasta
pasts <> geçmi
pasturage <> arıcı
pasturage <> ot
pasturage <> otlak
pasturage <> otlat
pastural <> çoban
pastural <> kırsa
pastural <> pasto
pastural <> pisko
pasture <> çayır
pasture <> gütme
pasture <> ot
pasture <> otlak
pasture <> otlam
pastured <> otlat
pastureland <> mera
pasturelands <> otlak
pastures <> meral
pasty <> etli
pasty <> hamur
pasty <> macun
pasty <> mantı
pasty <> solgu
pasty <> soluk
pat <> çok 
pat <> İrlan
pat <> basma
pat <> değiş
pat <> kalıp
pat <> münas
pat <> okşam
pat <> pışpı
pat <> pat
pat <> pat 
pat <> sıvaz
pat <> tam 
pat <> yerin
patagonia <> Patag
patas <> Patas
patball <> Patba
patch <> arsa
patch <> parça
patch <> plast
patch <> topra
patch <> yüze
patch <> yama
patch <> yamam
patchcord <> Patch
patched <> yamal
patcher <> yamal
patches <> yamal
patchily <> başta
patchily <> düzen
patching <> yama
patchouli <> silha
patchwork <> derme
patchwork <> parça
patchwork <> uydur
patchwork <> yama
patchworks <> kişiy
patchy <> başta
patchy <> düzen
patchy <> derme
patchy <> yamal
pate <> boş 
pate <> etli
pate <> ezme
pate <> kafa
pate <> kelle
pate <> pate
pated <> kafal
patella <> dizka
patella <> patel
patellectomy <> patel
patency <> açıkl
patency <> aşikâ
patent <> açık
patent <> aşikâ
patent <> belli
patent <> paten
patent <> tesci
patentability <> paten
patentable <> paten
patented <> Paten
patentee <> paten
patentees <> paten
patenting <> paten
patently <> paten
patents <> paten
pater <> baba
pater <> ihtiy
pater <> peder
patera <> Pater
paterfamilias <> aile
paterfamilias <> ev
paterfamilias <> ev 
paternal <> baba
paternal <> babay
paternalism <> baba
paternalistic <> ataer
paternally <> babad
paternity <> baba
paternity <> babal
paternity <> köken
paternity <> kayna
paternoster <> kanca
paternoster <> rabbi
paternoster <> tesbi
pates <> uzunc
path <> mesle
path <> patik
path <> pist
path <> yörün
path <> yol
pathergy <> pater
pathetic <> ümits
pathetic <> acıkl
pathetic <> acına
pathetic <> dokun
pathetic <> hazin
pathetic <> yürek
pathetically <> acına
pathfinder <> çığır
pathfinder <> rehbe
pathfinder <> yol
pathfinder <> yol 
pathfinding <> yol
pathic <> idiyo
pathless <> geçil
pathless <> yolu
pathname <> yolad
pathobiology <> patob
pathogen <> patoj
pathogenes <> patoj
pathogenesis <> patog
pathogenetic <> patog
pathogenic <> hasta
pathogenic <> patoj
pathogenicity <> patoj
pathogens <> patoj
pathognomonic <> patog
pathologic <> patol
pathological <> patol
pathologically <> Patol
pathologies <> patol
pathologist <> patol
pathologists <> patol
pathologizing <> patol
pathology <> patol
pathophysiologic <> patof
pathophysiological <> patof
pathophysiologies <> patof
pathophysiology <> patof
pathos <> acıma
pathos <> dokun
paths <> yolla
pathway <> patik
pathway <> yaya
pathway <> yol
pathways <> yolla
patible <> uyums
patience <> sabır
patience <> taham
patience <> tek 
patient <> ayırt
patient <> dayan
patient <> hasta
patient <> hoşgö
patient <> sabır
patiently <> sabır
patients <> hasta
patina <> mobil
patinaed <> patin
patinated <> patin
patio <> bahçe
patio <> taraç
patio <> veran
patisserie <> pasta
patisseries <> pasta
patois <> lehçe
patrial <> anava
patriarch <> aile
patriarch <> patri
patriarch <> pir
patriarch <> pisko
patriarch <> resul
patriarch <> yaşlı
patriarchal <> ataer
patriarchal <> muhte
patriarchal <> patri
patriarchal <> yaşlı
patriarchalism <> ataer
patriarchate <> ataer
patriarchate <> patri
patriarchates <> patri
patriarchic <> ataer
patriarchs <> patri
patriarchy <> ataer
patrician <> arist
patrician <> soylu
patricians <> patri
patriciate <> arist
patricide <> akrab
patricide <> baba
patricide <> babas
patrilineal <> baban
patrimonial <> babda
patrimonial <> miras
patrimony <> babad
patrimony <> kilis
patriot <> vatan
patriot <> yurts
patriotic <> vatan
patriotic <> yurts
patriotically <> yurts
patriotism <> vatan
patriotism <> yurts
patriots <> vatan
patristic <> Patri
patristics <> kilis
patrol <> devri
patrol <> keşif
patroller <> Patro
patrolling <> devri
patrolman <> devri
patrolman <> polis
patrols <> devri
patron <> koruy
patron <> müşte
patron <> müdav
patron <> patro
patron <> sürek
patron <> veli
patronage <> atama
patronage <> himay
patronage <> korum
patronage <> müşte
patronage <> tenez
patronages <> himay
patroness <> koruy
patronise <> büyük
patronise <> deste
patronise <> fayda
patronise <> küçük
patronise <> korum
patronise <> müşte
patronise <> tenez
patronised <> himay
patronising <> patro
patronize <> büyük
patronize <> deste
patronize <> fayda
patronize <> küçük
patronize <> korum
patronize <> müşte
patronize <> tenez
patronized <> himay
patronizer <> devam
patronizer <> müşte
patronizer <> patro
patrons <> patro
patronymic <> aile
patronymic <> lakap
patronymic <> soyad
patsy <> alay
patsy <> kadın
patsy <> kurba
patted <> okşad
patten <> nalın
patten <> sütun
patten <> takun
patter <> çabuk
patter <> argo
patter <> ayak
patter <> hızlı
patter <> pıtır
patter <> tıkır
patter <> tıpış
pattern <> örneğ
pattern <> örnek
pattern <> şablo
pattern <> eşant
pattern <> ideal
pattern <> kalıp
pattern <> model
pattern <> numun
pattern <> patro
patterned <> desen
patterning <> desen
patterns <> desen
pattie <> Patti
patties <> köfte
patting <> okşam
patty <> börek
patty <> mantı
pattycake <> Patty
paucity <> azlık
paucity <> kıtlı
paucity <> yeter
paul <> Paulu
paul <> paul
pauldrons <> omuzl
paulin <> Pauli
paulownia <> Paulo
paunch <> göbek
paunch <> işkem
paunch <> karın
paunchy <> göbek
paunchy <> koca
pauper <> fakir
pauper <> yoksu
pauperism <> fakir
pauperism <> yoksu
pauperization <> fakir
pauperization <> muhta
pauperize <> fakir
pauperize <> muhta
pauperized <> fakir
paupers <> yoksu
paus <> Paus
pause <> ara 
pause <> durak
pause <> durma
pause <> mola
pause <> sekte
pause <> tenef
pause <> tered
pause <> uzatm
paused <> durak
pauses <> durak
pausing <> durak
pavan <> Pavan
pavane <> Pavan
pave <> kaldı
paved <> döşel
paved <> taşla
pavement <> asfal
pavement <> döşem
pavement <> kaldı
pavement <> yol 
pavements <> kaldı
paver <> fayan
paver <> harç
paver <> kaldı
paver <> taban
pavers <> döşem
paves <> açıyo
pavese <> Paves
pavilion <> büyük
pavilion <> köşk
pavilion <> pavyo
pavilion <> süslü
pavilions <> pavyo
pavillons <> pavyo
pavin <> Pavin
paving <> kaldı
paving <> taş 
paving <> yol 
pavior <> kaldı
paviour <> kaldı
pavlova <> Pavlo
pavo <> Tavus
pavon <> Pavon
pavone <> Pavon
paw <> çirki
paw <> ellem
paw <> pati
paw <> pençe
paw <> yeri
pawing <> pençe
pawky <> şaka
pawky <> şakay
pawl <> çark
pawl <> kasta
pawls <> manda
pawn <> piyon
pawn <> rehin
pawn <> tehli
pawn <> tutu
pawnbroker <> rehin
pawnbroker <> tefec
pawnbrokers <> Pawnb
pawnbroking <> tefec
pawned <> rehin
pawnee <> rehin
pawner <> rehin
pawnor <> rehin
pawns <> piyon
pawnshop <> rehin
pawpaw <> papay
paws <> pençe
pay <> ödeme
pay <> ücret
pay <> bedel
pay <> değme
pay <> etmek
pay <> karşı
pay <> maaş
pay <> para
payable <> ödene
payable <> kârlı
payables <> borçl
payback <> geri
paybacks <> geri
paycheck <> maaş
payday <> ödeme
payday <> maaş
payed <> odedi
payee <> ödeme
payee <> alaca
payees <> ödeme
payen <> Payen
payer <> ödeme
payer <> ödeyi
payer <> borçl
payers <> ödeye
paying <> ödeme
paying <> kârlı
paying <> kazan
paying <> para
paying <> paral
payload <> yükü
payloads <> yükle
paymaster <> mutem
paymasters <> mutem
payment <> ödeme
payment <> ücret
payment <> harca
payment <> karşı
payment <> masra
payments <> ödeme
payoff <> ödeme
payoff <> hesap
payoff <> intik
payoff <> karşı
payoff <> rüşve
payoff <> sonuç
payoff <> zirve
payola <> rüşve
payor <> ödeye
payout <> ödeme
payouts <> Ödeme
payphone <> ankes
payphones <> Ankes
payroll <> bordr
payroll <> kadro
payroll <> maaş
payrolls <> bordr
pays <> öder
paysage <> manza
paysage <> peyza
paysan <> Paysa
payslip <> bordr
payslips <> maaş
pea <> bezel
peace <> barış
peace <> huzur
peace <> rahat
peace <> sükun
peace <> sessi
peace <> sulh
peace <> susun
peaceable <> barış
peaceable <> sakin
peaceful <> barış
peaceful <> huzur
peaceful <> sakin
peaceful <> uysal
peacefully <> barış
peacefulness <> sükun
peacekeeper <> Barış
peacekeepers <> barış
peacekeeping <> barış
peaceless <> huzur
peacemaker <> arabu
peacemaker <> barış
peacemaking <> barış
peacenik <> barış
peacenik <> savaş
peaces <> barış
peacetime <> barış
peach <> çok 
peach <> şefta
peach <> fıstı
peach <> gamma
peach <> ihbar
peaches <> şefta
peachtree <> Barış
peachy <> çok 
peachy <> şefta
peachy <> bir 
peachy <> nefis
peacock <> göste
peacock <> tavus
peacock <> züppe
peacocks <> tavus
peafowl <> tavus
peafowls <> tavus
peahen <> tavus
peak <> şapka
peak <> doruğ
peak <> doruk
peak <> en 
peak <> tepe
peak <> uç
peak <> zayıf
peak <> zirve
peaked <> süzül
peaked <> tepel
peaked <> zayıf
peaks <> tepe
peaky <> süzül
peaky <> sivri
peaky <> zayıf
peal <> çalma
peal <> çan 
peal <> çanla
peal <> gürül
peal <> gürle
pealed <> kabuğ
pealing <> Peali
pean <> stan
peanut <> çerez
peanut <> önems
peanut <> fıstı
peanut <> küçük
peanut <> yer 
peanuts <> yer
peapod <> bezel
pear <> armut
pearl <> İncil
pearl <> beş 
pearl <> inci
pearl <> sedef
pearland <> Pearl
pearled <> yuvar
pearlescent <> sedef
pearlies <> seyya
pearlised <> Pearl
pearlite <> perli
pearlitic <> perli
pearlized <> pearl
pearls <> incil
pearly <> İncil
pearly <> inci
pearly <> incid
pears <> armut
peart <> Peart
peas <> bezel
peasant <> cahil
peasant <> köy
peasant <> köylü
peasantry <> köylü
peasants <> köylü
pease <> bezel
peashooter <> bezel
peashooter <> sapan
peashooter <> taban
peat <> batak
peat <> turba
peatbog <> Peatb
peats <> Peats
peaty <> turba
peavey <> çivil
peavy <> Peavy
pebble <> çakıl
pebble <> necef
pebbled <> çakıl
pebbles <> çakıl
pebblestone <> çakıl
pebbly <> çakıl
pebbly <> taşlı
pecan <> pekan
pecans <> pekan
peccadillo <> hafif
peccadillo <> küçük
peccant <> kabah
peccant <> kusur
peccary <> göbek
peccary <> pekar
pech <> Pech
pechs <> PECHS
peck <> çeyre
peck <> azar
peck <> gaga
peck <> gagal
peck <> resmi
peck <> sivri
peck <> yığın
peck <> yakla
peck <> yemek
pecked <> gagal
pecker <> çük
pecker <> çapa
pecker <> ağaçk
pecker <> cesar
pecker <> kamış
pecker <> penis
pecker <> yürek
pecking <> gagal
peckish <> çabuk
peckish <> aşırı
peckish <> acıkm
peckish <> karnı
pecora <> çiftl
pecorini <> Pecor
pectates <> pekta
pecten <> tarak
pectic <> pekti
pectin <> pekti
pectin <> pelte
pectinase <> pekti
pectinate <> tarak
pectins <> pekti
pectoral <> göğüs
pectoris <> pekto
pectus <> pektu
peculate <> zimme
peculation <> zimme
peculator <> zimme
peculiar <> özel
peculiar <> özgün
peculiar <> acayi
peculiar <> ayrıc
peculiar <> has
peculiar <> tuhaf
peculiarities <> özell
peculiarity <> özell
peculiarity <> acayi
pecuniary <> maddi
pecuniary <> para
pecuniary <> paras
pedagogic <> çocuk
pedagogic <> eğits
pedagogic <> pedag
pedagogical <> çocuk
pedagogical <> eğits
pedagogical <> pedag
pedagogically <> pedag
pedagogics <> eğitb
pedagogics <> pedag
pedagogies <> pedag
pedagogue <> eğiti
pedagogue <> pedag
pedagogue <> terbi
pedagogues <> pedag
pedagogy <> eğitb
pedagogy <> pedag
pedal <> bisik
pedal <> pedal
pedaling <> pedal
pedalled <> pedal
pedallers <> çapın
pedalling <> pedal
pedalo <> deniz
pedaloes <> su
pedalos <> pedol
pedals <> pedal
pedant <> bilgi
pedant <> ukalâ
pedantic <> bilgi
pedantic <> ukalâ
pedantry <> bilgi
pedantry <> ukalâ
pedder <> Pedde
peddle <> önems
peddle <> işpor
peddle <> kapı
peddle <> seyya
peddler <> dağıt
peddler <> dedik
peddler <> işpor
peddler <> lafçı
peddler <> seyya
peddlers <> seyya
peddles <> işpor
peddling <> önems
peddling <> ufak
pederast <> homos
pederast <> kulam
pederast <> oğlan
pederasty <> homos
pederasty <> oğlan
pedestal <> kaide
pedestal <> temel
pedestals <> kaide
pedestrian <> monot
pedestrian <> yavan
pedestrian <> yaya
pedestrian <> yayal
pedestrianisation <> yayal
pedestrianised <> yaya
pedestrianization <> yayal
pedestrianize <> trafi
pedestrianize <> yayal
pedestrianized <> yaya
pedestrians <> Yayal
pediatric <> çocuk
pediatric <> pedia
pediatrician <> çocuk
pediatricians <> pedia
pediatrics <> çocuk
pediatrics <> pedia
pediatrist <> çocuk
pediatry <> çocuk
pediatry <> pedia
pedicel <> çiçek
pedicel <> sapçı
pedicellate <> sapçı
pedicellate <> saplı
pedicle <> çiçek
pedicle <> pedik
pedicle <> sap 
pedicled <> pedik
pedicles <> pedik
pedicular <> bitli
pediculosis <> bitle
pediculous <> bitli
pediculus <> Pedic
pedicure <> ayak
pedicure <> pedik
pedicured <> pedik
pedicures <> pedik
pedicurist <> pedik
pedicurists <> pedik
pedigree <> cins
pedigree <> köken
pedigree <> safka
pedigree <> soy
pedigree <> soyağ
pedigreed <> cins
pedigreed <> safka
pedigreed <> soylu
pedigrees <> soy
pediment <> alınl
pediments <> alınl
pediococcus <> Pedio
pedlar <> dağıt
pedlar <> dedik
pedlar <> işpor
pedlar <> lafçı
pedlar <> seyya
pedodontics <> Pedod
pedogenesis <> Topra
pedogenic <> pedoj
pedological <> pedol
pedology <> pedol
pedology <> topra
pedometer <> adım
pedometer <> pedom
pedophile <> sübya
pedophilia <> Pedof
pedophilic <> pedof
pedregal <> Pedre
pedrero <> Pedre
peds <> ped
peduncle <> çiçek
peduncle <> beyin
peduncle <> sapçı
peduncle <> sap
peduncle <> sapsı
peduncles <> pedin
peduncular <> pedin
pedunculated <> pedik
pee <> çiş
pee <> çiş 
pee <> işeme
pee <> sidik
peed <> işeri
peek <> cıvıl
peek <> dikiz
peek <> göz 
peek <> gözet
peekaboo <> ce
peekaboo <> delik
peekaboo <> trans
peeking <> Bakma
peel <> dökül
peel <> fırın
peel <> kabuğ
peel <> kabuk
peel <> soyma
peel <> soyun
peelable <> Peela
peele <> Peele
peeled <> soyul
peeler <> aynas
peeler <> kabuk
peeler <> polis
peeler <> strip
peeling <> deri
peeling <> kabuk
peeling <> peeli
peeling <> soyul
peelings <> soyul
peels <> soyul
peen <> çekic
peep <> çıkma
peep <> cırtl
peep <> cik
peep <> cik 
peep <> civci
peep <> delik
peep <> dikiz
peep <> görün
peep <> gözet
peep <> kaçam
peep <> korna
peep <> röntg
peeped <> baktı
peeper <> ayna
peeper <> cam
peeper <> dikiz
peeper <> göz
peeper <> röntg
peeping <> gözet
peepshow <> delik
peepshow <> dikiz
peer <> akran
peer <> belli
peer <> bir 
peer <> dikka
peer <> emsal
peer <> lord
peer <> yaşıt
peerage <> asale
peerage <> asill
peered <> baktı
peeress <> leydi
peering <> bakan
peerless <> eşsiz
peerless <> emsal
peers <> eş
peery <> Peery
pees <> Pees
peeve <> huysu
peeve <> kızdı
peeve <> sinir
peeved <> hırçı
peeved <> huysu
peeved <> sinir
peevish <> aksi
peevish <> hırçı
peevish <> huysu
peevish <> lanet
peevish <> titiz
peevishly <> huysu
peevishness <> titiz
peewit <> kızku
peg <> çamaş
peg <> ağaç
peg <> akort
peg <> askı
peg <> atmak
peg <> bahan
peg <> belir
peg <> dübel
peg <> kazık
peg <> mazer
peg <> sapta
peg <> sodal
peg <> vesil
pegasus <> Pegas
pegboard <> Pegbo
pegged <> sapta
pegmatite <> pegma
pegmatites <> pegma
pegmatitic <> pegma
pegs <> manda
peignoir <> robdö
peignoir <> sabah
pein <> Pein
pejorative <> aşağı
pejorative <> alçal
pejorative <> küçül
peke <> Pekin
pekin <> Pekin
pekoe <> siyah
pela <> Pela
pelage <> kürk
pelage <> memel
pelagian <> açık
pelagian <> engin
pelagic <> pelaj
pelargonium <> ıtırç
pelargonium <> sardu
pelecanus <> Pelec
pelecypod <> peles
pelecypoda <> Pelec
pelecypods <> peles
pelerine <> peler
peles <> Peles
pelf <> haksı
pelf <> vurgu
pelf <> yağma
pelican <> kaşık
pelican <> pelik
pelicans <> pelik
pelisse <> içi 
pelisse <> kürkl
pelisse <> panço
pelitic <> pelit
pell <> paldı
pellagra <> peleg
pellagra <> vitam
pellet <> hap
pellet <> saçma
pellet <> top
pellet <> topak
pellet <> ufak
pellet <> yumak
pelleted <> Pelet
pelleting <> pelet
pelletising <> Pelet
pelletized <> pelle
pelletizer <> PP
pelletizing <> pelet
pellets <> granü
pellicle <> film
pellicle <> zar
pellicular <> films
pellicular <> zarsı
pelling <> Pelli
pellucid <> şeffa
pellucid <> anlaş
pellucid <> berra
pellucid <> sayda
pellucidum <> pellu
pelmet <> üst
pelmet <> üst 
pelmet <> kapı
peloid <> Çamur
peloids <> peloi
peloponnese <> Mora
pelt <> şidde
pelt <> aralı
pelt <> atma
pelt <> atmak
pelt <> barda
pelt <> dövme
pelt <> dayak
pelt <> deri
pelt <> fırla
pelt <> hız
pelt <> post
pelt <> poste
pelt <> taş 
pelt <> taşa
pelt <> taşla
pelt <> yağdı
pelted <> yağmu
peltry <> hayva
peltry <> kürk
peltry <> postl
pelvic <> leğen
pelvic <> pelvi
pelvis <> alt 
pelvis <> havsa
pelvis <> pelvi
pelvises <> pelvi
pelycosauria <> Sinap
pembroke <> Pembr
pemican <> kurut
pemmican <> kurut
pemphigoid <> pemfi
pemphigus <> pemfi
pen <> ağıl
pen <> ağıla
pen <> dolma
pen <> hapis
pen <> hapse
pen <> kâğıd
pen <> kümes
pen <> kafes
pen <> kalem
pen <> kodes
pen <> kuğu
pen <> mürek
pen <> tüken
pen <> yazı
pen <> yazma
penal <> ceza
penal <> cezay
penalise <> ceza
penalise <> cezal
penalise <> penal
penalised <> ceza
penalises <> cezal
penalising <> ceza
penalization <> cezal
penalize <> ceza
penalize <> cezal
penalize <> penal
penalized <> ceza
penalizes <> cezal
penalizing <> ceza
penalties <> ceza
penalty <> ceza
penalty <> para
penalty <> penal
penance <> günah
penance <> kefar
penance <> papaz
penang <> Penan
penates <> ev
penates <> ev 
pence <> peni
pence <> sent
penchant <> eğili
penchant <> meyil
penchant <> tutku
pencil <> küçük
pencil <> kalem
pencil <> karak
pencil <> kurşu
pencil <> makya
penciled <> kalem
penciled <> karak
penciled <> kurşu
penciling <> kalem
pencilled <> kalem
pencilled <> karak
pencilled <> kurşu
pencilling <> kalem
pencils <> kalem
pencraft <> hatta
pencraft <> yazı
pencraft <> yazar
pendant <> asılı
pendant <> askıd
pendant <> benze
pendant <> ilave
pendant <> kolye
pendant <> panda
pendant <> salla
pendant <> sarkı
pendant <> sarka
pendant <> tamam
pendants <> kolye
pendence <> bağım
pendent <> asılı
pendent <> askıd
pendent <> sarkı
pendent <> tamam
pendentives <> bingi
pendently <> bağım
pending <> asılı
pending <> askıd
pending <> bekle
pending <> boyun
pending <> eli 
pending <> esnas
pending <> kadar
pending <> karar
pending <> sıras
pending <> sarka
pending <> yakın
pendragon <> Pendr
pendular <> sarka
pendulate <> karar
pendulate <> sarka
pendulate <> tered
pendulous <> asılı
pendulous <> salla
pendulous <> sarka
pendulum <> pandü
pendulum <> rakka
pendulum <> sarka
pendulums <> sarka
penelope <> Penel
peneplain <> penep
peneplain <> yontu
peneplains <> penep
penetrability <> anlaş
penetrability <> giril
penetrability <> işlen
penetrable <> delin
penetrable <> etki
penetrable <> giril
penetrable <> işlen
penetralia <> içi
penetralia <> içyüz
penetrance <> penet
penetrate <> arası
penetrate <> içine
penetrate <> içyüz
penetrate <> işlem
penetrate <> nüfuz
penetrate <> sokul
penetrated <> nüfuz
penetrates <> nüfuz
penetrating <> delic
penetrating <> etkil
penetrating <> içe 
penetrating <> içine
penetrating <> keski
penetrating <> yükse
penetrating <> zeki
penetration <> delme
penetration <> etki
penetration <> içe 
penetration <> içine
penetration <> kavra
penetration <> keski
penetration <> nüfuz
penetration <> zekâ
penetrations <> girme
penetrative <> delic
penetrative <> etkil
penetrative <> içe 
penetrative <> içine
penetrative <> keski
penetrative <> yükse
penetrative <> zeki
penetrator <> Penet
penetrators <> delic
penetrometer <> penet
penguin <> eğiti
penguin <> pengu
penguins <> pengu
penholder <> kalem
penholders <> penho
peni <> Peni
penible <> pénib
penicil <> penis
penicillamine <> penis
penicillanic <> Penis
penicillic <> penis
penicillin <> penis
penicillinase <> penis
penicillinases <> penis
penicillins <> penis
penicillium <> Penic
penile <> penil
peninsula <> yarım
peninsular <> yarım
peninsulas <> yarım
penis <> çük
penis <> erkek
penis <> kamış
penis <> penis
penitence <> pişma
penitence <> tövbe
penitent <> kefar
penitent <> papaz
penitent <> pişma
penitent <> tövbe
penitential <> kefar
penitential <> pişma
penitentiaries <> tutuk
penitentiary <> ıslah
penitentiary <> cezae
penitentiary <> hapis
penitentiary <> kilis
penitentiary <> pişma
penitentiary <> suçlu
penknife <> çakı
penknives <> çakıl
penlight <> çalış
penman <> hatta
penman <> yazar
penmanship <> hatta
penmanship <> yazar
penna <> Penna
pennant <> şampi
pennant <> alev
pennant <> bayra
pennant <> flama
pennant <> fland
pennants <> flama
penned <> kalem
penner <> Penne
pennes <> PENNE
penniferous <> tüylü
penniform <> tüy
penniform <> tüy 
penniless <> beş 
penniless <> cebi
penniless <> fakir
penniless <> kopuk
penniless <> metel
penniless <> paras
pennilessness <> paras
pennine <> Penni
pennines <> Penni
pennon <> bayra
pennon <> flama
pennsylvania <> Pensi
penny <> kuruş
penny <> metel
penny <> peni
penny <> sent
pennyroyal <> yarpu
pennywhistle <> Penny
pennywise <> Penny
pennyworth <> bir 
pennyworth <> pazar
penology <> ceza
penology <> penol
penoscrotal <> penos
penpals <> mektu
pens <> kalem
pensee <> niyet
pensees <> Pensé
pensile <> sarkı
pension <> emekl
pension <> konak
pension <> pansi
pension <> yatıl
pensionable <> emekl
pensione <> Pensi
pensioned <> emekl
pensioner <> emekl
pensioner <> pansi
pensioner <> yatıl
pensioners <> emekl
pensions <> emekl
pensive <> düşün
pensive <> dalgı
pensively <> düşün
pensively <> dalgı
pensiveness <> dalgı
pensiveness <> kara
penstock <> baraj
penstock <> savak
penstocks <> cebri
pent <> hapse
pentachlorophenol <> Penta
pentacle <> beş
pentacle <> beş 
pentad <> beşli
pentadiene <> penta
pentaerythritol <> penta
pentagon <> Ameri
pentagon <> Penta
pentagon <> beşge
pentagonal <> beşge
pentagons <> beşge
pentagram <> beş
pentagram <> beş 
pentahedral <> beş
pentahedral <> beş 
pentahedron <> beş
pentahedron <> beş 
pentameter <> beş
pentameter <> beş 
pentamidine <> penta
pentane <> penta
pentaphyllum <> Penta
pentaprism <> penta
pentateuch <> Tevra
pentathlete <> penta
pentathlon <> beş 
pentathlon <> penta
pentatonic <> penta
pentavalent <> beş
pentavalent <> beş 
pentazocine <> penta
pentecostal <> paska
penthouse <> çatı
penthouse <> gölge
penthouse <> sundu
penthouses <> penth
pentlandite <> pentl
pentode <> pento
pentosans <> pento
pentose <> pento
pentoxide <> pento
pentoxifylline <> pento
pentylenetetrazole <> penti
penult <> sonda
penultimate <> sonda
penumbra <> yarı
penumbral <> halka
penurious <> cimri
penurious <> fakir
penurious <> kısıt
penurious <> kıt
penurious <> yoksu
penury <> cimri
penury <> kıtlı
penury <> para
penury <> yoklu
penury <> yoksu
peon <> amele
peon <> efend
peon <> emir
peon <> günde
peon <> köle
peon <> piyad
peonage <> kölel
peonage <> kullu
peonies <> şakay
peonism <> kölel
peonism <> kullu
peony <> şakay
people <> aile
people <> elale
people <> eller
people <> halk
people <> herke
people <> insan
people <> mille
people <> ulus
peopled <> insan
peoples <> ırk
peoples <> halkl
peoples <> kavim
pep <> azim
pep <> enerj
pep <> güç
pep <> gayre
pepper <> biber
pepperbox <> biber
peppercorn <> biber
peppercorns <> karab
peppered <> biber
pepperidge <> Peppe
peppermill <> Peppe
peppermint <> nane
peppermint <> naner
pepperoni <> peppe
peppers <> biber
peppery <> acı
peppery <> biber
peppery <> geçim
peppery <> huysu
peppy <> şevkl
peppy <> aziml
peppy <> canlı
peppy <> enerj
pepsin <> pepsi
pepsinogen <> pepsi
peptic <> hazım
peptic <> hazme
peptic <> pepti
peptic <> sindi
peptics <> Pepti
peptidase <> pepti
peptidases <> pepti
peptide <> pepti
peptidergic <> pepti
peptides <> pepti
peptidoglycan <> pepti
peptidoglycans <> pepti
peptids <> pepti
peptidyl <> pepti
peptone <> pepto
peptones <> pepto
per <> aracı
per <> başın
per <> eliyl
per <> göre
per <> gereğ
per <> nazar
per <> vasıt
peracetic <> peras
peradventure <> şayet
peradventure <> belki
peradventure <> ola 
peradventure <> olur
perambulate <> ölçme
perambulate <> dolaş
perambulate <> gezin
perambulate <> gezme
perambulation <> dolaş
perambulation <> gezme
perambulator <> çocuk
perambulators <> puset
perborate <> perbo
percale <> sık
percale <> sık 
perce <> Perce
perceivable <> algıl
perceivable <> hisse
perceivable <> kavra
perceive <> algıl
perceive <> farke
perceive <> hisse
perceive <> idrak
perceive <> kavra
perceive <> kesti
perceive <> seçme
perceive <> sezme
perceived <> algıl
perceiver <> algıl
perceives <> algıl
perceiving <> algıl
perceiving <> hisse
percent <> faiz
percent <> hisse
percent <> kâr p
percent <> yüzde
percentage <> kâr p
percentage <> komis
percentage <> oran
percentage <> yüzde
percentages <> yüzde
percentile <> yüzde
percentiles <> yüzde
percents <> yüzde
percept <> algı
perceptibility <> algıl
perceptibility <> sezil
perceptible <> algıl
perceptible <> anlaş
perceptible <> kavra
perceptible <> sezil
perceptible <> somut
perception <> algı
perception <> algıl
perception <> basir
perception <> idrak
perception <> kavra
perception <> sezgi
perception <> seziş
perception <> sezme
perception <> tahsi
perceptional <> algıl
perceptional <> zeki
perceptions <> algıl
perceptive <> algıs
perceptiveness <> anlay
perceptivity <> algıl
perceptivity <> idrak
perceptual <> algıs
perceptually <> algıs
perch <> ölçü
perch <> beş 
perch <> konma
perch <> levre
perch <> oturm
perch <> tünek
perch <> tünem
perch <> tatlı
perch <> yükse
perch <> yerle
perchance <> şans
perchance <> belki
perchance <> bir 
perchance <> olur
perched <> tünem
percher <> tüney
percheron <> Perch
perches <> tünem
perchlorate <> perkl
perchlorates <> perkl
perchlorethylene <> perkl
perchloric <> fazla
perchloric <> perkl
perchloroethylene <> perkl
percipience <> anlay
percipience <> idrak
percipience <> sezme
percipient <> çabuk
percipient <> algıl
percipient <> idrak
percolate <> filtr
percolate <> süzül
percolate <> süzme
percolate <> sızdı
percolate <> sızma
percolated <> süzül
percolating <> sızın
percolation <> süzül
percolation <> süzme
percolation <> sızma
percolator <> süzüc
percolator <> süzge
percuss <> hafif
percuss <> vurma
percussion <> çarpm
percussion <> darbe
percussion <> parma
percussion <> vurar
percussion <> vurma
percussionist <> ritm
percussionist <> vurma
percussionists <> perkü
percussions <> perkü
percussive <> darbe
percussive <> vurma
percutaneous <> deri
percutaneous <> perkü
percutaneously <> perkü
perdition <> cehen
perdition <> lanet
perdition <> mahvo
perdu <> gizle
perdu <> gizli
perdu <> saklı
perdue <> gizle
perdue <> gizli
perdue <> saklı
perdurable <> daimi
perdurable <> ebedi
perdurable <> kalıc
pere <> baba
perea <> Perea
peregrin <> Pereg
peregrinate <> gezme
peregrinate <> seyah
peregrinate <> yolcu
peregrination <> dalda
peregrination <> gezme
peregrination <> konuy
peregrination <> seyah
peregrination <> yolcu
peregrinations <> Pereg
peregrine <> tuhaf
peregrine <> yaban
perel <> Perel
peremptory <> buyur
peremptory <> kesin
peremptory <> mutlâ
peremptory <> oluml
perennial <> çok 
perennial <> kalıc
perennial <> sürek
perennial <> uzun
perennially <> kalıc
perennials <> çok
peres <> Peres
perfect <> eksik
perfect <> kusur
perfect <> mükem
perfect <> tam
perfect <> tamam
perfected <> mükem
perfecter <> mükem
perfectible <> eksik
perfectible <> geliş
perfectible <> tamam
perfecting <> mükem
perfection <> kusur
perfection <> mükem
perfection <> tamam
perfection <> ustal
perfection <> yetki
perfectionism <> mükem
perfectionist <> kusur
perfectionist <> mükem
perfectionists <> mükem
perfections <> mükem
perfective <> tamam
perfectly <> kusur
perfectly <> mükem
perfectly <> tıkır
perfectly <> tamam
perfectness <> mükem
perfects <> mükem
perfervid <> ateşl
perfervid <> harar
perfidious <> hain
perfidious <> sadak
perfidious <> vefas
perfidiousness <> hainl
perfidiousness <> sadak
perfidy <> gadda
perfidy <> hainl
perfidy <> sadak
perfidy <> vefas
perfluorocarbon <> perfl
perfluorocarbons <> perfl
perforate <> delik
perforate <> delme
perforate <> içine
perforated <> delik
perforated <> delin
perforating <> perfo
perforation <> delik
perforation <> delin
perforation <> delme
perforations <> perfo
perforator <> delge
perforator <> delic
perforator <> zımba
perforators <> delic
perforce <> ister
perforce <> zorla
perforce <> zorun
perform <> canla
perform <> işlem
perform <> konse
perform <> numar
perform <> oynam
perform <> uygul
perform <> yapma
perform <> yerin
performance <> başar
performance <> göste
performance <> icraa
performance <> oyun
performance <> perfo
performance <> verim
performance <> yerin
performances <> perfo
performant <> perfo
performative <> perfo
performed <> yapıl
performer <> oyunc
performer <> sanat
performer <> yapan
performer <> yerin
performers <> sanat
performing <> becer
performing <> göste
performing <> hüner
performing <> icra
performing <> oynam
performing <> perfo
performing <> sergi
performs <> gerçe
perfs <> Perfs
perfume <> güzel
perfume <> parfü
perfumed <> kokul
perfumed <> parfü
perfumer <> parfü
perfumeries <> parfü
perfumers <> parfü
perfumery <> ıtriy
perfumery <> parfü
perfumes <> parfü
perfuming <> parfü
perfunctory <> üstün
perfunctory <> başta
perfunctory <> forma
perfunctory <> yapmı
perfunctory <> yarım
perfuse <> serpi
perfuse <> serpm
perfused <> perfü
perfusing <> perfü
perfusion <> perfü
perfusion <> serpi
perfusion <> serpm
perfusionists <> perfü
perfusions <> perfü
pergola <> çarda
pergola <> kamer
pergolas <> pergo
pergolide <> pergo
perhaps <> belki
perhaps <> bir 
perhaps <> muhte
peri <> peri
perianth <> çiçek
periapical <> peria
periappendicitis <> peria
periappendicular <> peria
periapt <> giyin
periaqueductal <> peria
periarterial <> Peria
periarthritis <> peria
periarticular <> peria
periastron <> enber
peribronchial <> perib
peribulbar <> perib
pericardial <> perik
pericardiectomy <> perik
pericardiocentesis <> perik
pericarditis <> kâlp
pericarditis <> perik
pericardium <> kâlp
pericardium <> perik
pericarp <> meyve
pericarp <> perik
pericarp <> tohum
perichondritis <> Perik
periclase <> magne
pericoronal <> perik
pericranial <> perik
pericyclic <> Peris
pericystic <> Kist
peridot <> Perid
peridote <> Perid
peridotite <> perid
peridotites <> perid
peridotitic <> perid
peridots <> Perid
perience <> Perie
perifollicular <> perif
perigee <> yerbe
periglacial <> Perig
perihelion <> günbe
perihepatic <> perih
peril <> tehli
perilous <> tehli
perilously <> tehli
perils <> tehli
perilune <> ayber
perilymph <> peril
perilymphatic <> peril
perimenopausal <> perim
perimenopause <> perim
perimeter <> çevre
perimeter <> gözün
perimetric <> Perim
perimetry <> perim
perimorph <> Perim
perinatally <> perin
perinatology <> perin
perinea <> perin
perineal <> perin
perinephric <> perin
perineum <> anüs
perineum <> apış
perineural <> perin
perinuclear <> perin
periocular <> perio
period <> çağ
period <> adet
period <> aybaş
period <> dönüm
period <> dönem
period <> ders
period <> devir
period <> devre
period <> nokta
period <> periy
period <> regl
period <> süre
period <> tam 
periodate <> periy
periodic <> belli
periodic <> dönem
periodic <> düzen
periodic <> devir
periodic <> devre
periodic <> periy
periodic <> tam 
periodical <> belli
periodical <> dönem
periodical <> düzen
periodical <> dergi
periodical <> devir
periodical <> devre
periodical <> periy
periodical <> tam 
periodically <> periy
periodicals <> Sürel
periodicity <> belli
periodicity <> freka
periodicity <> periy
periodization <> dönem
periodizations <> Dönem
periodontally <> perio
periodontics <> Perio
periodontist <> Perio
periodontium <> perio
periodontology <> perio
periods <> dönem
perionyx <> Perio
perioperative <> perio
periosteal <> perio
periosteum <> kemik
periosteum <> periy
periostitis <> kemik
peripapillary <> Perip
peripatetic <> fazla
peripatetic <> gezgi
peripatetic <> gezim
peripheral <> çevre
peripheral <> dış 
peripheral <> perif
peripherally <> perif
peripherals <> çevre
peripheric <> perif
peripherical <> perif
peripheries <> çevre
periphery <> çevre
periphrasis <> dolam
periphrasis <> dolay
periphrastic <> dolam
periphyton <> perif
periplus <> Perip
periprostatic <> perip
perirectal <> perir
peris <> Peris
periscope <> peris
periscopes <> peris
periscopic <> geniş
periscopic <> peris
perish <> çürüm
perish <> ölmek
perish <> bozul
perish <> can 
perish <> donma
perish <> kırağ
perish <> yok 
perishability <> kolay
perishable <> çabuk
perishable <> bozul
perishable <> kolay
perishables <> bozul
perished <> helak
perished <> mahvo
perisher <> afaca
perisher <> haydu
perisher <> yaram
perishers <> Peris
perishes <> yok
perishing <> öldür
perishing <> dondu
perisinusoidal <> peris
perissodactyla <> Peris
peristalsis <> bağır
peristaltic <> bağır
peristasis <> Peris
peristerite <> peris
peristyle <> sütun
peritectic <> perit
peritomy <> perit
peritoneal <> perit
peritoneovenous <> perit
peritoneum <> karın
peritoneum <> perit
peritonitis <> karın
peritonitis <> perit
peritonsillar <> perit
peritubular <> perit
periumbilical <> periu
periurethral <> periü
perivascular <> periv
perivenous <> periv
periventricular <> periv
perivesical <> periv
periwig <> peruk
periwinkle <> Cezay
periwinkle <> deniz
periwinkle <> küçük
perjured <> yalan
perjurer <> yalan
perjury <> yalan
perjury <> yemin
perk <> başın
perk <> canla
perk <> dikme
perk <> ek 
perk <> ikram
perk <> kaldı
perk <> kendi
perk <> maaşt
perk <> neşel
perk <> tip
perkin <> Perki
perkiness <> canlı
perkiness <> hoppa
perkiness <> neşel
perkins <> Perki
perks <> ikram
perky <> şımar
perky <> arsız
perky <> canlı
perky <> hoppa
perky <> neşel
perlite <> perli
perlites <> perli
perlitic <> Perli
perm <> perma
permaculture <> perma
permafrost <> kutup
permanence <> devam
permanence <> istik
permanence <> kalıc
permanence <> sürek
permanencies <> sürek
permanency <> devam
permanency <> istik
permanency <> kalıc
permanency <> sürek
permanency <> sebat
permanent <> baki
permanent <> daimi
permanent <> değiş
permanent <> devam
permanent <> kalıc
permanent <> sürek
permanent <> sabit
permanently <> daimi
permanently <> kalıc
permanently <> sürek
permanently <> temel
permanganate <> perma
permeabilities <> geçir
permeability <> geçir
permeable <> geçir
permeameter <> perme
permeance <> Geçir
permeate <> geçme
permeate <> nüfuz
permeate <> sızma
permeate <> sinme
permeate <> yayıl
permeated <> nüfuz
permeates <> nüfuz
permeation <> geçir
permeation <> geçme
permeation <> içine
permeation <> nüfuz
permeation <> sızma
permethrin <> perme
perming <> perma
permissable <> hoşgö
permissable <> izin
permissable <> müsaa
permissible <> hoşgö
permissible <> izin
permissible <> müsaa
permission <> izin
permission <> müsaa
permission <> ruhsa
permissions <> izinl
permissive <> hoşgö
permissive <> isteğ
permissive <> liber
permissive <> müsam
permissive <> seçme
permissive <> serbe
permissiveness <> isteğ
permissiveness <> serbe
permit <> izin
permit <> müsaa
permit <> müsai
permit <> olana
permit <> permi
permit <> ruhsa
permits <> izin
permitted <> izin
permitting <> müsai
permitting <> olana
permitting <> uygun
permittivity <> diele
perms <> Perma
permutation <> değiş
permutation <> permu
permutation <> yer 
permutational <> permu
permutations <> permü
permuted <> değiş
pernicious <> ölümc
pernicious <> muzır
pernicious <> zarar
pernickety <> özen
pernickety <> mızmı
pernickety <> titiz
perone <> Peron
perorally <> peror
perorate <> nutuk
perorate <> uzun
peroration <> söyle
peroration <> sıkıc
perovskite <> perov
perovskites <> perov
peroxidase <> perok
peroxidases <> perok
peroxidation <> perok
peroxide <> oksij
peroxide <> perok
peroxides <> perok
peroxidize <> oksij
peroxisomal <> perok
peroxisome <> perok
peroxisomes <> perok
peroxyl <> perok
peroxynitrite <> perok
perp <> Fail
perpendicular <> şakül
perpendicular <> amut
perpendicular <> dik
perpendicular <> dikey
perpendicularity <> düşey
perpendicularity <> dikey
perpendicularly <> dik
perpendicularly <> dik 
perpendiculars <> dikme
perpetrate <> işlem
perpetrate <> kötü
perpetrate <> yapma
perpetrated <> işlen
perpetrating <> üretm
perpetration <> işlem
perpetration <> yapma
perpetrator <> fail
perpetrators <> faill
perpetual <> ömür
perpetual <> aralı
perpetual <> daimi
perpetual <> ebedi
perpetual <> sürek
perpetually <> sürek
perpetuate <> aralı
perpetuate <> ebedi
perpetuate <> sürdü
perpetuated <> koruy
perpetuates <> sürdü
perpetuating <> sürdü
perpetuation <> devam
perpetuation <> perpe
perpetuity <> ömür
perpetuity <> daimi
perpetuity <> sürek
perpetuity <> süres
perpetuum <> Perpe
perphenazine <> perfe
perplex <> çapra
perplex <> şaşır
perplex <> kafa
perplexed <> çapra
perplexed <> şaşır
perplexed <> anlaş
perplexed <> kafas
perplexes <> Kurca
perplexing <> şaşır
perplexing <> kafa
perplexity <> şaşkı
perplexity <> kafa
perplexity <> tered
perquisite <> ek 
perquisite <> ikram
perquisite <> maaşt
perquisite <> tip
perrier <> Perri
perron <> Perro
perry <> armut
perse <> Perse
persecute <> acı 
persecute <> eziye
persecute <> işken
persecute <> sıkın
persecuted <> zulüm
persecutes <> zulme
persecutest <> zulme
persecuting <> eziye
persecution <> eziye
persecution <> işken
persecution <> zulüm
persecutions <> zulüm
persecutor <> eziye
persecutor <> işken
persecutor <> zalim
persecutor <> zorba
persecutory <> kötül
persephone <> Perse
perseus <> Perse
perseverance <> azim
perseverance <> sebat
perseverance <> sonun
perseverant <> sebat
perseverate <> tekra
perseveration <> perse
perseverative <> perse
persevere <> azmet
persevere <> diren
persevere <> sebat
persevered <> sebat
persevering <> aziml
persevering <> azmed
persevering <> gayre
persevering <> sebat
persiennes <> jaluz
persiennes <> stor
persiflage <> alay
persiflage <> takıl
persimmon <> trabz
persing <> Persi
persis <> persi
persist <> ısrar
persist <> devam
persist <> inat
persist <> sürdü
persist <> sürme
persist <> sebat
persistance <> ısrar
persistance <> devam
persistance <> inat
persistance <> iz 
persistance <> sürek
persistance <> sebat
persisted <> devam
persistence <> ısrar
persistence <> devam
persistence <> inat
persistence <> iz 
persistence <> sürek
persistence <> sebat
persistency <> kalıc
persistent <> ısrar
persistent <> devam
persistent <> inatç
persistent <> iz 
persistent <> kalıc
persistent <> sürek
persistently <> ısrar
persisting <> devam
persists <> devam
person <> şahıs
person <> adam
person <> beden
person <> birey
person <> karak
person <> kişi
person <> kimse
person <> tip
person <> vücut
person <> zat
persona <> karak
persona <> kişi
persona <> perso
persona <> takın
personable <> cana
personable <> canda
personable <> güzel
personable <> hoş 
personable <> yakış
personage <> şahsi
personage <> karak
personages <> karak
personal <> özel
personal <> şahsi
personal <> kişis
personal <> kişiy
personal <> vücut
personalisation <> kişis
personalise <> özel
personalise <> canla
personalise <> kişil
personalise <> no
personalised <> Kişis
personalising <> kişis
personalities <> kişil
personality <> şahsi
personality <> benli
personality <> birey
personality <> karak
personality <> kişil
personalization <> kişis
personalizations <> kişis
personalize <> özel
personalize <> canla
personalize <> kişil
personalize <> no
personalized <> Kişis
personalizes <> kişis
personalizing <> kişis
personally <> şahse
personally <> bana
personally <> bizza
personally <> kanım
personally <> kişis
personalty <> özel
personalty <> kişis
personate <> canla
personate <> karak
personate <> kendi
personate <> kişil
personate <> rolün
personate <> tavrı
personation <> karak
personation <> kendi
personation <> sahte
personation <> takli
personhood <> kişi-
personification <> canlı
personification <> kişil
personified <> şahsı
personify <> canlı
personify <> canla
personify <> karak
personify <> kişil
personify <> temsi
personnel <> çalış
personnel <> elema
personnel <> kadro
personnel <> perso
personnels <> perso
persons <> kişil
perspectival <> derin
perspectival <> persp
perspective <> derin
perspective <> görün
perspective <> geniş
perspective <> persp
perspectives <> persp
perspectivism <> Persp
perspicacious <> kavra
perspicacious <> zeki
perspicacity <> idrak
perspicacity <> kavra
perspicuity <> açıkl
perspicuity <> belli
perspicuous <> açık
perspicuous <> aşikâ
perspicuous <> belli
perspiration <> ter
perspiration <> terle
perspiratory <> ter
perspiratory <> terle
perspire <> ter 
perspire <> terle
perspires <> terle
perspiring <> terle
persuade <> aklın
persuade <> ikna
persuade <> inand
persuade <> kandı
persuade <> razı
persuaded <> ikna
persuader <> ikna
persuader <> inand
persuader <> taban
persuaders <> İkna
persuades <> ikna
persuading <> ikna
persuasion <> cins
persuasion <> din
persuasion <> ikna
persuasion <> inanç
persuasion <> inand
persuasion <> kanı
persuasion <> tür
persuasions <> görüş
persuasive <> ikna
persuasive <> inand
persuasively <> ikna
persuasiveness <> ikna
persuasiveness <> inand
persue <> devam
persue <> izlem
persue <> koval
persue <> peşin
persue <> sürdü
persue <> takip
persue <> yürüt
persuing <> peşin
persulfate <> persü
persulphate <> persü
persulphates <> persü
pert <> şımar
pert <> şuh
pert <> arsız
pertain <> ait 
pertain <> dair
pertain <> ilgil
pertain <> uygun
pertain <> uymak
pertain <> yakış
pertaining <> ilgil
pertains <> ilgil
pertechnetate <> perte
perthite <> perti
pertinacious <> ısrar
pertinacious <> aziml
pertinacious <> inatç
pertinacious <> sebat
pertinacity <> ısrar
pertinacity <> inat
pertinacity <> sebat
pertinax <> Perti
pertinence <> ilgi
pertinence <> uygun
pertinence <> yerin
pertinent <> ilgil
pertinent <> münas
pertinent <> uygun
pertinent <> yerin
pertness <> şımar
pertness <> arsız
pertness <> küsta
perturb <> endiş
perturb <> huzur
perturb <> kafas
perturb <> kaygı
perturbation <> endiş
perturbation <> karış
perturbation <> kaygı
perturbation <> tedir
perturbations <> tedir
perturbative <> pertü
perturbed <> endiş
perturbed <> kaygı
perturbed <> tedir
pertussis <> boğma
peruke <> peruk
perusal <> incel
perusal <> okuma
peruse <> değer
peruse <> dikka
peruse <> incel
peruse <> okuma
perv <> sapık
pervade <> sinme
pervade <> yayıl
pervade <> yaygı
pervades <> istil
pervaporation <> perva
pervasion <> içine
pervasion <> sinme
pervasion <> yayıl
pervasive <> nüfuz
pervasive <> sinen
pervasive <> yaygı
pervasively <> yaygı
pervasiveness <> yaygı
perverse <> aksi
perverse <> bozuk
perverse <> huysu
perverse <> inatç
perverse <> kötü
perverse <> sapık
perverse <> ters
perversion <> çarpı
perversion <> anorm
perversion <> bozma
perversion <> sapık
perversion <> sapma
perversion <> saptı
perversion <> yolda
perversions <> sapık
perversity <> aksil
perversity <> inatç
perversity <> kötül
perversity <> sapık
perversity <> tersl
perversity <> yolda
perversive <> yanıl
pervert <> çarpı
pervert <> ayart
pervert <> başta
pervert <> bozma
pervert <> din 
pervert <> sapık
perverted <> sapık
perverter <> başta
perverter <> bozan
perverter <> saptı
perverting <> saptı
perverts <> sapık
pervious <> geçir
pervious <> geçit
pervious <> ulaşı
pervis <> Pervi
pervs <> Pervs
pery <> Pery
pesky <> belâl
pesky <> rahat
pesky <> sinir
peso <> pezo
peso <> pezos
pesos <> peso
pessaries <> ovüll
pessary <> rahim
pessimism <> kötüm
pessimism <> karam
pessimism <> pesim
pessimist <> kötüm
pessimist <> karam
pessimist <> pesim
pessimistic <> kötüm
pessimistic <> karam
pessimistic <> pesim
pessimists <> kötüm
pest <> belâ
pest <> musib
pest <> rahat
pest <> veba
pest <> zarar
pester <> belâ
pester <> musal
pester <> rahat
pesticidal <> pesti
pesticide <> böcek
pesticide <> zarar
pesticides <> pesti
pestilence <> öldür
pestilence <> veba
pestilence <> zarar
pestilences <> salgı
pestilent <> öldür
pestilent <> baş 
pestilent <> tehli
pestilent <> zarar
pestilential <> öldür
pestilential <> baş
pestilential <> baş 
pestilential <> tehli
pestilential <> zarar
pestle <> havan
pestles <> tokma
pests <> zarar
pet <> öfke
pet <> şımar
pet <> el 
pet <> ev 
pet <> evcil
pet <> gözde
pet <> kıyme
pet <> okşam
pet <> sevgi
pet <> seviş
pet <> sevme
pet <> sinir
petabyte <> Petab
petabytes <> petab
petal <> taçya
petalled <> yapra
petals <> yapra
petar <> Petar
petard <> kale
petasos <> Petas
petechia <> peteş
petechiae <> peteş
petechial <> peteş
peter <> çük
peter <> Aziz
peter <> Peter
peter <> Petru
peter <> kasa
peter <> para
peter <> penis
petering <> suya
petering <> tüken
peterman <> kasa
petersham <> ağır
petersham <> kalın
pethidine <> Petid
petiolar <> saplı
petiolate <> saplı
petiole <> yapra
petite <> garso
petite <> küçük
petite <> minik
petite <> minyo
petite <> ufak
petition <> dilek
petition <> istir
petition <> rica
petition <> talep
petitioned <> dilek
petitioner <> dilek
petitioner <> ricad
petitioner <> talep
petitioners <> dilek
petitioning <> dilek
petitions <> dilek
petre <> Petre
petrel <> fırtı
petrel <> ortal
petrel <> tatsı
petri <> Petri
petrifaction <> fosil
petrifaction <> taş 
petrifaction <> taşla
petrified <> taşla
petrify <> donak
petrify <> serse
petrify <> taş 
petrify <> taşla
petrochemical <> petro
petrochemicals <> petro
petrochemistry <> petro
petrodollar <> Petro
petrodollars <> petro
petrogenesis <> petro
petrogenetic <> petro
petroglyph <> Petro
petrographic <> petro
petrographical <> petro
petrographically <> petro
petrography <> petro
petrography <> yerka
petrol <> benzi
petrolatum <> paraf
petrolatum <> vazel
petroleum <> petro
petroliferous <> petro
petrologic <> petro
petrological <> petro
petrology <> kaya
petrology <> petro
petronella <> Petro
petrophysical <> petro
petrophysics <> petro
petrosal <> petro
petrous <> petro
pets <> Evcil
petters <> Pette
petticoat <> eksik
petticoat <> iç 
petticoat <> jüpon
petticoat <> kadın
petticoat <> kombi
petticoat <> supap
pettifogger <> aşağı
pettifogger <> ayrın
pettifogger <> safsa
pettifogger <> ufak
pettifogging <> düzen
pettifogging <> kılı
pettifogging <> safsa
pettiness <> aşağı
pettiness <> küçük
pettiness <> ufak
petting <> ilişk
petting <> seviş
pettis <> Petti
pettish <> alıng
pettish <> hırçı
pettish <> huysu
pettishness <> alıng
pettishness <> hırçı
pettishness <> huysu
pettitoes <> domuz
petty <> önems
petty <> aşağı
petty <> dar 
petty <> küçük
petty <> ufak
petulance <> çabuk
petulance <> aksil
petulance <> alıng
petulance <> huysu
petulant <> çabuk
petulant <> aksi
petulant <> alıng
petulant <> huysu
petunia <> petun
petunias <> petun
pew <> kilis
pew <> yer
pewit <> kızku
pewit <> sinek
pewter <> kalay
phacoemulsification <> fakoe
phacofragmentation <> Fakof
phacolith <> Fakol
phaeochromocytoma <> feokr
phaethon <> Phaet
phaeton <> fayto
phaetons <> fayto
phage <> faj
phages <> faj
phagocyte <> bakte
phagocyte <> yutar
phagocytes <> fagos
phagocytic <> fagos
phagocytized <> fagos
phagocytizing <> fagos
phagocytose <> fagos
phagocytosed <> fagos
phagocytosis <> fagos
phalacrocorax <> Phala
phalaenopsis <> Phala
phalange <> parma
phalangeal <> Falan
phalanger <> Phala
phalanges <> falan
phalanx <> Maked
phalanx <> birbi
phalanx <> falan
phalanx <> parma
phalarope <> kum
phalarope <> kum 
phallic <> erkek
phallic <> penis
phalloidin <> Phall
phallus <> çük
phallus <> erkek
phallus <> penis
phanerite <> Faner
phanerogam <> çiçek
phang <> Phang
phantasia <> Phant
phantasie <> Phant
phantasies <> düşle
phantasm <> hayal
phantasm <> silue
phantasm <> tayf
phantasma <> Phant
phantasmagoria <> proje
phantasmagoric <> görün
phantasmal <> gerçe
phantasmal <> halis
phantasmal <> hayal
phantasmal <> illüz
phantastic <> fanta
phantasy <> acayi
phantasy <> fante
phantasy <> hayal
phantasy <> imgel
phantasy <> kurgu
phantasy <> kurun
phantom <> fanto
phantom <> hayal
phantom <> organ
phantom <> silue
phantom <> tayf
phantoms <> fanto
pharaoh <> Firav
pharaohs <> firav
pharaon <> Phara
pharaonic <> firav
pharaons <> Phara
phares <> dışta
pharisaic <> faris
pharisaic <> iki
pharisaic <> iki 
pharisaical <> PhARi
pharisaical <> faris
pharisaical <> iki 
pharisaism <> faris
pharisee <> faris
pharisee <> iki 
pharisee <> riyak
pharisee <> sahte
pharisees <> Feris
pharmacal <> Pharm
pharmaceutic <> Eczac
pharmaceutical <> eczac
pharmaceutical <> ilaç
pharmaceutically <> farma
pharmaceuticals <> ilaç
pharmaceutics <> eczac
pharmaceutist <> eczac
pharmacies <> eczan
pharmacist <> eczac
pharmacists <> eczac
pharmacodynamic <> farma
pharmacodynamics <> farma
pharmacogenetics <> farma
pharmacognosy <> Farma
pharmacokinetic <> farma
pharmacokinetics <> farma
pharmacolite <> Farma
pharmacologic <> farma
pharmacological <> farma
pharmacologically <> farma
pharmacologist <> eczac
pharmacologist <> farma
pharmacologists <> farma
pharmacology <> eczac
pharmacology <> farma
pharmacopeia <> farma
pharmacopeial <> farma
pharmacopoeia <> farma
pharmacopoeia <> ilaçl
pharmacopoeia <> kodek
pharmacopoeial <> Farma
pharmacopoeias <> Farma
pharmacosiderite <> Farma
pharmacotherapy <> farma
pharmacy <> eczac
pharmacy <> eczan
pharmalogical <> farma
pharo <> Pharo
pharos <> Pharo
pharyngal <> boğaz
pharyngal <> gırtl
pharyngeal <> boğaz
pharyngeal <> gırtl
pharyngitis <> faren
pharyngitis <> yutak
pharyngolaryngeal <> farin
pharyngonasal <> burun
pharyngotomy <> farin
pharynx <> yutak
phase <> aşama
phase <> bölge
phase <> değiş
phase <> evre
phase <> faz
phase <> kesim
phase <> safha
phased <> aşama
phaseout <> Phase
phases <> fazla
phasic <> faz
phasic <> safha
phasis <> fazla
phasor <> fazör
phasors <> fazör
pheasant <> sülün
pheasantry <> sülün
pheasants <> sülün
phebe <> Phebe
phenakite <> Fenak
phenanthroline <> fenan
phencyclidine <> Fensi
phenethyl <> fenet
phenethylamine <> fenet
phenformin <> fenfo
phengite <> fengi
phenic <> fenik
phenix <> Pheni
phenobarbital <> fenob
phenoclast <> Fenok
phenocryst <> fenok
phenocrysts <> fenok
phenol <> asit
phenol <> fenol
phenolic <> fenol
phenolics <> fenol
phenological <> fenol
phenologies <> Fenol
phenology <> doğal
phenolphthalein <> fenol
phenols <> fenol
phenom <> Pheno
phenomena <> fenom
phenomenal <> doğal
phenomenal <> harik
phenomenal <> olağa
phenomenalism <> fenom
phenomenally <> Olağa
phenomenologic <> fenom
phenomenological <> fenom
phenomenologically <> fenom
phenomenology <> fenom
phenomenon <> algıl
phenomenon <> bilin
phenomenon <> doğal
phenomenon <> fenom
phenomenon <> harik
phenomenon <> olağa
phenomenon <> olgu
phenomenons <> Olgul
phenoms <> Pheno
phenothiazine <> fenot
phenothiazines <> fenot
phenotype <> fenot
phenotype <> kalıt
phenotypes <> fenot
phenotypic <> fenot
phenotypical <> fenot
phenotypically <> fenot
phenotyping <> fenot
phenoxazine <> fenok
phenoxy <> fenok
phenoxybenzamine <> fenok
phenoxyethanol <> fenok
phentolamine <> fento
phenyl <> fenil
phenyl <> tek 
phenylalanin <> Pheny
phenylalanine <> fenil
phenylamine <> fenil
phenylene <> fenil
phenylenes <> fenil
phenylephrine <> fenil
phenylethyl <> fenil
phenylethylamine <> fenil
phenylethylamines <> fenil
phenylhydrazine <> fenil
phenylic <> fenil
phenylketonuria <> Fenil
phenylpropanoid <> fenil
phenylpropanoids <> fenil
phenytoin <> fenit
pheochromocytoma <> feokr
pheochromocytomas <> feokr
pheromone <> ferom
pheromones <> Ferom
phew <> öğk
phew <> öf
phew <> of
phew <> vay
phew <> vay 
phew <> yorgu
phi <> Yunan
phi <> phi
phial <> küçük
phiale <> phial
phials <> vial
philadelphia <> Alaşe
philadelphia <> Filed
philadelphia <> phila
philadelphus <> Phila
philander <> asılm
philander <> flört
philander <> kadın
philander <> kur 
philanderer <> flört
philanderer <> kadın
philanthropic <> hayır
philanthropic <> insan
philanthropic <> iyili
philanthropical <> hayır
philanthropical <> insan
philanthropical <> iyili
philanthropist <> hayır
philanthropist <> insan
philanthropists <> Hayır
philanthropy <> hayır
philanthropy <> insan
philanthropy <> iyili
philatelic <> pulcu
philatelist <> filat
philatelist <> pul 
philatelists <> filat
philately <> filat
philately <> pul 
philately <> pulcu
philharmonic <> filar
philharmonic <> müzik
philharmonics <> filar
philhellene <> Yunan
philhellenism <> Yunan
philippic <> ağır
philippic <> sert
philippine <> Filip
philippines <> Filip
philistine <> Filis
philistine <> cahil
philistines <> Filis
philistinism <> cahil
phillyrea <> Phill
philodendron <> Philo
philological <> filol
philologist <> dil 
philologist <> dilbi
philologist <> filol
philologists <> dilbi
philology <> dil 
philology <> dilbi
philology <> filol
philomel <> bülbü
philosopher <> düşün
philosopher <> felse
philosopher <> filoz
philosopher <> kalen
philosophers <> filoz
philosophic <> düşün
philosophic <> felse
philosophic <> filoz
philosophic <> kalen
philosophic <> sakin
philosophical <> düşün
philosophical <> felse
philosophical <> filoz
philosophical <> kalen
philosophical <> sakin
philosophically <> düşün
philosophically <> felse
philosophically <> filoz
philosophically <> kalen
philosophically <> soğuk
philosophies <> felse
philosophising <> felse
philosophize <> felse
philosophize <> filoz
philosophizing <> felse
philosophy <> dünya
philosophy <> felse
philosophy <> filoz
philosophy <> kalen
philosophy <> kendi
philosophy <> sakin
philosophy <> soyut
philoxenia <> Philo
philter <> aşk
philter <> aşk 
philtre <> aşk
philtre <> aşk 
philtrum <> filtr
phimosis <> fimos
phiz <> surat
phiz <> yüz
phiz <> yüz 
phlebitis <> damar
phlebitis <> flebi
phlebology <> Flebo
phlebotomies <> flebo
phlebotomy <> damar
phlebotomy <> kan
phlebotomy <> kan 
phlegm <> balga
phlegm <> duygu
phlegm <> ilgis
phlegm <> soğuk
phlegmatic <> ağırk
phlegmatic <> duygu
phlegmatic <> ilgis
phlegmatic <> soğuk
phlegmatical <> ağırk
phlegmatical <> duygu
phlegmatical <> ilgis
phlegmatical <> soğuk
phlegmon <> Flegm
phlegmy <> balga
phloem <> floem
phlogopite <> filog
phlomis <> Phlom
phloridzin <> flori
phlox <> floks
phlox <> nakil
phobia <> fobi
phobia <> korku
phobias <> fobil
phobic <> fobik
phobics <> fobi
phoca <> Phoca
phoebus <> güneş
phoenicopterus <> Phoen
phoenix <> anka
phoenix <> eşsiz
phoenix <> erdem
phoenix <> fenik
phoenixes <> anka
phon <> fon
phon <> ses 
phonation <> fonas
phonations <> fonas
phone <> basit
phone <> selen
phone <> telef
phonebook <> telef
phonebooks <> rehbe
phonecall <> Phone
phonecard <> telef
phonecards <> telef
phoned <> aradı
phoneme <> fonem
phoneme <> ses 
phonemes <> sesle
phoner <> Phone
phones <> telef
phonetic <> fonet
phonetic <> sesçi
phonetic <> sesle
phonetical <> ses
phonetically <> fonet
phonetically <> ses 
phonetically <> sesle
phonetician <> sesbi
phoneticist <> sesbi
phonetics <> fonet
phonetics <> sesbi
phonetist <> sesbi
phoney <> şarla
phoney <> düzme
phoney <> kalp
phoney <> sahte
phonic <> ses
phonic <> sese
phonic <> sesle
phoniness <> sahte
phono <> fono
phonogram <> fonog
phonogram <> ses 
phonograms <> fonog
phonograph <> fonog
phonograph <> gramo
phonographic <> fonog
phonographic <> ses
phonographic <> ses 
phonographs <> fonog
phonography <> Phono
phonolite <> fonol
phonolites <> fonol
phonolitic <> fonol
phonologic <> fonol
phonological <> fonol
phonology <> fonol
phonology <> sesbi
phonometer <> fonom
phonometer <> sesöl
phonon <> fonon
phonons <> fonon
phonophoresis <> fonof
phonoscope <> fonos
phony <> şarla
phony <> düzme
phony <> kalp
phony <> sahte
phooey <> Phooe
phos <> Phos
phosgene <> fosge
phosgenite <> Fosje
phosphatase <> fosfa
phosphatases <> fosfa
phosphate <> fosfa
phosphated <> Fosfa
phosphatemia <> fosfa
phosphates <> fosfa
phosphatic <> fosfa
phosphatidyl <> fosfa
phosphatidylcholine <> Phosp
phosphatidylethanolamine <> Fosfa
phosphatidylinositol <> fosfa
phosphatidylserine <> Fosfa
phosphatidylserines <> fosfa
phosphating <> fosfa
phosphatising <> Fosfa
phosphatization <> Fosfa
phosphatized <> DKP
phosphatizing <> fosfa
phosphaturia <> fosfa
phosphide <> fosfa
phosphine <> fosfi
phosphines <> fosfi
phosphite <> fosfi
phosphoamino <> Fosfo
phosphocholine <> fosfo
phosphodiester <> fosfo
phosphodiesterase <> fosfo
phosphodiesterases <> Fosfo
phosphoferrite <> Fosfo
phosphogluconate <> fosfo
phosphoglucose <> Fosfo
phosphoglycerate <> fosfo
phosphoglycerides <> fosfo
phosphokinase <> fosfo
phospholipase <> fosfo
phospholipases <> fosfo
phospholipid <> fosfo
phospholipids <> fosfo
phosphonates <> fosfo
phosphonic <> fosfo
phosphophyllite <> Fosfo
phosphor <> fosfo
phosphorate <> fosfo
phosphore <> fosfo
phosphoresce <> fosfo
phosphorescence <> fosfo
phosphorescent <> fosfo
phosphoribosyl <> fosfo
phosphoric <> fosfo
phosphorite <> fosfo
phosphorized <> fosfo
phosphorous <> fosfo
phosphors <> fosfo
phosphorus <> fosfo
phosphorylase <> fosfo
phosphorylated <> fosfo
phosphorylates <> fosfo
phosphorylation <> fosfo
phosphorylcholine <> fosfo
phosphotransferase <> fosfo
phosphotungstic <> fosfo
phot <> ışık
phot <> fot
photic <> fotik
photo <> fotoğ
photo <> resim
photoactive <> fotoa
photoactivity <> FOTOA
photoaging <> fotoy
photoallergic <> fotoa
photoallergy <> fotoa
photobacterium <> Photo
photobiological <> fotob
photocall <> Resim
photocatalysis <> Fotok
photocatalyst <> fotok
photocatalysts <> fotok
photocatalytic <> fotok
photocatalyzer <> fotok
photocathode <> fotok
photocell <> ışık
photocell <> fotos
photocells <> fotos
photochemical <> fotok
photochemically <> fotok
photochemistry <> fotok
photochemotherapy <> fotok
photochromic <> fotok
photocoagulation <> fotok
photocoagulations <> FK
photocompose <> film
photocomposition <> foto
photoconductive <> fotoi
photoconductivity <> fotoi
photoconductor <> Fotok
photocopiable <> Fotok
photocopied <> fotok
photocopier <> fotok
photocopiers <> fotok
photocopies <> fotok
photocopy <> fotok
photocopying <> fotok
photocurrent <> Fotoa
photodegradation <> fotod
photodetectors <> foto
photodimerization <> fotod
photodiode <> fotod
photodiodes <> fotod
photodissociation <> Fotod
photodynamic <> fotod
photoelastic <> fotoe
photoelasticity <> fotoe
photoelectric <> fotoe
photoelectrical <> fotoe
photoelectricity <> fotoe
photoelectron <> fotoe
photoemission <> fotoe
photofit <> robot
photoflash <> flaş
photogen <> fotoj
photogenic <> ışık
photogenic <> fotoj
photogenic <> iyi 
photogeology <> Fotoj
photogram <> fotog
photogrammetric <> fotog
photogrammetry <> fotog
photograms <> fotog
photograph <> çıkma
photograph <> fotoğ
photograph <> resim
photographed <> fotoğ
photographer <> fotoğ
photographers <> fotoğ
photographic <> fotoğ
photographical <> fotog
photographically <> fotog
photographies <> LOGOL
photographing <> fotoğ
photographs <> fotoğ
photography <> fotoğ
photogravure <> fotoğ
photogravure <> fotog
photoinduced <> fotob
photointerpretation <> Fotoy
photoisomerization <> fotoi
photojournalism <> fotoğ
photojournalism <> resim
photojournalist <> foto
photojournalists <> foto
photokinetic <> fotok
photolithograph <> fotol
photolithographic <> fotol
photolithography <> fotol
photoluminescence <> fotol
photolysis <> fotol
photomechanical <> fotom
photometer <> ışıkö
photometer <> fotom
photometers <> fotom
photometric <> fotom
photometrically <> fotom
photometry <> ışıkö
photometry <> fotom
photomicrographs <> basıl
photomicrography <> mikro
photomicroscope <> fotom
photomontage <> fotom
photomural <> dev
photomural <> dev 
photon <> ışık
photon <> foton
photonic <> foton
photonics <> foton
photons <> foton
photooxidative <> fotoo
photoperiod <> fotop
photoperiodism <> fotop
photophobia <> ışık
photophobia <> fotof
photopic <> Fotop
photoplay <> filme
photopolymer <> fotop
photopolymerization <> fotop
photoprint <> Photo
photorealistic <> fotog
photoreceptor <> fotor
photoreceptors <> fotor
photorecord <> Photo
photorefractive <> fotor
photoresistor <> Fotod
photoresistors <> fotod
photoresists <> photo
photos <> fotoğ
photosensitisation <> fotou
photosensitised <> Işığa
photosensitising <> Işığa
photosensitive <> ışığa
photosensitivity <> fotos
photosensitization <> fotos
photosensitized <> Fotod
photosensitizer <> fotos
photosensitizing <> fotos
photosphere <> fotos
photostat <> fotok
photostat <> fotos
photostat <> negat
photosynthesis <> ışık
photosynthesis <> fotos
photosynthesize <> fotos
photosynthesizing <> fotos
photosynthetic <> fotos
photosynthetically <> fotos
photosystem <> fotos
phototherapeutic <> fotot
phototherapies <> fotot
phototherapy <> ışık
phototherapy <> fotot
photothermal <> fotot
phototoxic <> fotot
phototoxicity <> fotot
phototrophic <> fotot
phototropism <> Fotot
phototype <> fotoğ
phototype <> fotot
phototypes <> MN
photovoltaic <> fotov
photovoltaics <> Fotov
phragmites <> Phrag
phragmocone <> Fragm
phrase <> anlat
phrase <> birka
phrase <> cümle
phrase <> deyiş
phrase <> ifade
phrase <> melod
phrase <> sözcü
phrase <> tabir
phrase <> uygun
phrasemonger <> süslü
phrasemongering <> süslü
phraseology <> anlat
phraseology <> deyiş
phraseology <> ifade
phraseology <> sözcü
phrases <> ifade
phreak <> Phrea
phreaking <> Phrea
phreatic <> Freat
phreatomagmatic <> Freat
phrenetic <> çılgı
phrenetic <> deli
phrenic <> diyaf
phrenologist <> freno
phrenology <> freno
phrenology <> kafat
phs <> PHS
pht <> rsm
phthalaldehyde <> fital
phthalates <> ftala
phthalic <> Ftali
phthalocyanin <> Ftalo
phthalocyanine <> ftalo
phthalocyanines <> ftalo
phthisic <> verem
phthisical <> verem
phthisis <> tüber
phthisis <> verem
phut <> pat
phycoerythrin <> fikoe
phycology <> deniz
phycology <> yosun
phyla <> filum
phylactery <> Musev
phylactery <> Yahud
phyllite <> filli
phyllites <> filli
phyllitic <> filli
phyllo <> yufka
phylloscopus <> Phyll
phylloxera <> asma
phylloxera <> filok
phylogenesis <> ırkla
phylogenesis <> soy
phylogenesis <> soy 
phylogenetic <> filog
phylogenetically <> filog
phylogenic <> filoj
phylogeny <> filog
phylum <> dalla
phylum <> dil 
phylum <> filum
physa <> Physa
physalis <> Physa
physiatrist <> fiziy
physic <> dokto
physic <> ilaç
physic <> tıp
physic <> tedav
physical <> beden
physical <> fizik
physical <> madde
physical <> maddi
physical <> mevcu
physical <> muaye
physical <> sağlı
physical <> somut
physicality <> fizik
physically <> beden
physically <> fizik
physician <> dokto
physician <> hekim
physicians <> dokto
physicist <> fizik
physicists <> fizik
physicochemical <> fizik
physics <> fizik
physio <> fizyo
physiochemical <> fizik
physiocracy <> Fizyo
physiocrats <> fizyo
physiognomy <> çehre
physiognomy <> yüz
physiognomy <> yüz 
physiographic <> fizyo
physiography <> fizik
physiography <> fizyo
physiologi <> fizyo
physiologic <> fizyo
physiological <> fizyo
physiological <> işlev
physiologically <> fizyo
physiologies <> fizyo
physiologist <> fizyo
physiologists <> fizyo
physiology <> fizyo
physiology <> işlev
physiopathologic <> fizyo
physiopathological <> fizyo
physiopathology <> fizyo
physiotherapeutic <> fizyo
physiotherapist <> fizik
physiotherapist <> fizyo
physiotherapists <> fizyo
physiotherapy <> fizik
physiotherapy <> fizyo
physique <> bünye
physique <> vücut
physiques <> Fizik
physisorption <> fizik
physostigmine <> fizos
phytate <> fitat
phytoalexin <> fitoa
phytoalexins <> fitoa
phytobezoar <> Fitob
phytochemical <> fitok
phytochemicals <> fitok
phytochemistry <> Bitki
phytoestrogen <> fitoö
phytoestrogens <> fito
phytogenesis <> bitki
phytogeographic <> fitoc
phytogeographical <> fitoc
phytohormone <> fitoh
phytohormones <> hormo
phytol <> fitol
phytology <> bitki
phytology <> botan
phyton <> Phyto
phytopathogenic <> patoj
phytopathology <> fitop
phytophagous <> fitof
phytophotodermatitis <> Fitof
phytophthora <> Phyto
phytoplankton <> fitop
phytoplanktonic <> fitop
phytoplanktons <> fitop
phytoremediation <> fitor
phytosociological <> fitos
phytosociology <> Bitki
phytosterol <> fitos
phytosterols <> fitos
phytotherapy <> fitot
phytotomy <> bitki
phytotoxic <> fitot
phytotoxicity <> fitot
pi <> pi
pi <> pi 
pian <> Pian
pianissimo <> çok
pianissimo <> çok 
pianist <> piyan
pianiste <> Piani
pianistic <> piyan
pianists <> piyan
piano <> hafif
piano <> piyan
pianoforte <> piyan
pianos <> piyan
piaster <> kuruş
piastre <> kuruş
piastres <> kuruş
piatti <> Piatt
piazza <> üstü
piazza <> meyda
piazza <> taraç
piazzas <> meyda
pibroch <> gayda
pica <> oniki
pica <> pika
picador <> Picad
pical <> Pical
picante <> Pican
picaresque <> hırsı
picaresque <> haydu
picaroon <> hırsı
picaroon <> korsa
picaroon <> sabık
picas <> pika
picayune <> önems
picayune <> adi
picayune <> beş
picayune <> beş 
picayunish <> önems
picayunish <> adi
picayunish <> beş
picayunish <> beş 
piccalilli <> bahar
piccalilli <> karış
piccaninny <> yerli
piccaninny <> zenci
piccolo <> küçük
piccolo <> pikol
picea <> Picea
pici <> PICI
pick <> çapal
pick <> çekiş
pick <> ayıkl
pick <> burun
pick <> delme
pick <> didik
pick <> gagas
pick <> hasat
pick <> küçük
pick <> kürda
pick <> karış
pick <> kazma
pick <> kemir
pick <> kopar
pick <> seçen
pick <> seçip
pick <> seçme
pick <> sivri
pick <> topla
pick <> yanke
pick <> yolma
pickaninny <> zenci
pickax <> kazma
pickaxe <> kazma
picked <> seçil
picked <> seçki
picked <> seçme
picker <> topla
pickerel <> turna
pickering <> Picke
pickers <> topla
picket <> gözcü
picket <> grev
picket <> ileri
picket <> kazığ
picket <> kazık
picket <> nöbet
picketed <> basar
pickets <> gözcü
picking <> aşırm
picking <> topla
pickings <> avant
pickings <> ufak
pickle <> afaca
pickle <> asitl
pickle <> metal
pickle <> salam
pickle <> salat
pickle <> sarho
pickle <> turşu
pickle <> tuzla
pickle <> yaram
pickle <> zor 
pickled <> dut 
pickled <> salam
pickled <> sarho
pickled <> turşu
pickled <> tuzla
pickler <> Pickl
pickles <> salat
pickling <> asitl
picklock <> kapı
picklock <> kilit
picklock <> maymu
picklocks <> maymu
pickpocket <> yanke
pickpockets <> yanke
picks <> alır
pickup <> alıcı
pickup <> araba
pickup <> artma
pickup <> av
pickup <> bulun
pickup <> canla
pickup <> geliş
pickup <> hızla
pickup <> kalan
pickup <> kaldı
pickup <> kamyo
pickup <> kekli
pickup <> pikap
pickup <> plakç
pickup <> rasge
pickup <> sokak
pickup <> vurgu
pickup <> yükse
pickups <> manye
pickwick <> Pickw
picky <> ince
picky <> müşkü
picky <> mızmı
picky <> seçic
picky <> titiz
picky <> zor 
picnic <> çocuk
picnic <> basit
picnic <> evde
picnic <> pikni
picnicked <> pikni
picnicker <> pikni
picnickers <> pikni
picnicking <> pikni
picnics <> pikni
picolinate <> Picol
picoline <> pikol
picoliter <> pikol
picoliters <> pikol
picolitre <> pikol
picornaviridae <> Picor
picornaviruses <> picor
picosecond <> Pikos
picot <> Picot
picrate <> pikra
picric <> pikri
pictogram <> resim
pictograms <> pikto
pictograph <> işare
pictography <> resim
pictorial <> resim
pictorials <> resim
pictural <> resim
picture <> çizim
picture <> çizme
picture <> betim
picture <> film
picture <> görün
picture <> kafas
picture <> resim
picture <> resme
picture <> tablo
picture <> tasvi
picture <> yansı
pictured <> resim
picturegoer <> film
picturegoer <> sinem
pictures <> resim
pictures <> sinem
picturesque <> canlı
picturesque <> ilgin
picturesque <> resme
picturised <> pictu
picturize <> filme
picturize <> resim
picturize <> resme
picus <> Picus
piddle <> çiş 
piddle <> önems
piddle <> hafif
piddle <> işeme
piddle <> oyala
piddling <> önems
piddling <> küçük
pidgeon <> güver
pidgin <> sorum
pie <> basit
pie <> benek
pie <> cenne
pie <> gerçe
pie <> iltim
pie <> kaos
pie <> karış
pie <> karma
pie <> rüşve
pie <> saksa
pie <> tart
pie <> torpi
pie <> turta
piebald <> alaca
piebald <> benek
piebald <> siyah
piece <> bir 
piece <> birle
piece <> eklem
piece <> eser
piece <> iş
piece <> kırın
piece <> kısa
piece <> maden
piece <> parça
piece <> piyes
piece <> piyon
piece <> tüfek
piece <> taş
piece <> tane
piece <> yamal
pieced <> parça
piecemeal <> bölük
piecemeal <> parça
pieces <> parça
piecewise <> parça
piecework <> götür
piecework <> parça
pieceworker <> parça
piecharts <> Pasta
piecing <> eklem
piecrust <> tart
piecrust <> turta
pied <> alaca
pied <> benek
pied <> iki 
piedmont <> dağ
piedmont <> dağ 
piedmonts <> etekl
pieman <> tartç
pieman <> turta
pieplant <> raven
pier <> dalga
pier <> iskel
pier <> kapıl
pier <> mendi
pier <> payan
pier <> pence
pier <> rıhtı
pierage <> iskel
pierage <> mendi
pierage <> rıhtı
pierce <> delik
pierce <> delip
pierce <> delme
pierce <> içind
pierce <> işlem
pierce <> nüfuz
pierceable <> delin
pierced <> deldi
pierces <> deler
piercing <> delic
piercing <> delip
piercing <> delme
piercing <> içine
piercing <> keski
piercings <> pierc
pierini <> Pieri
pierrette <> kadın
pierrette <> pando
pierrot <> palya
pierrot <> pando
pierrot <> piyer
piers <> iskel
piet <> pınar
pieta <> Merye
pietism <> aşırı
pietism <> güçlü
piety <> dinda
piety <> saygı
piety <> sevgi
piezoelectric <> piezo
piezoelectricity <> piezo
piezometer <> piyez
piezometers <> Piyez
piezometric <> piyez
piffle <> boş 
piffle <> saçma
pig <> açgöz
pig <> ahır
pig <> aynas
pig <> domuz
pig <> hamde
pig <> iğren
pig <> külçe
pig <> pik
pig <> pisbo
pig <> pisli
pig <> yavru
pigeon <> enayi
pigeon <> güver
pigeon <> saf
pigeonhearted <> ödlek
pigeonhearted <> korka
pigeonhole <> çekme
pigeonhole <> güver
pigeonhole <> hasır
pigeonhole <> yazı
pigeonholes <> güver
pigeonite <> pijon
pigeonry <> güver
pigeons <> güver
pigg <> Pigg
piggery <> domuz
piggery <> köpek
piggery <> pisli
piggie <> Piggi
pigging <> pig
piggish <> açgöz
piggish <> benci
piggish <> domuz
piggish <> obur
piggish <> pisbo
piggishness <> pisbo
piggledy <> çorma
piggy <> çelik
piggy <> domuz
piggy <> minik
piggyback <> omzun
piggyback <> sırtı
pigheaded <> dik 
pigheaded <> inatç
piglet <> domuz
piglet <> yavru
piglets <> domuz
piglike <> açgöz
piglike <> domuz
piglike <> pisbo
pigmeat <> domuz
pigment <> boya
pigment <> pigme
pigment <> renk
pigmental <> renk
pigmentary <> renk
pigmentation <> cildi
pigmentation <> hücre
pigmentation <> pigme
pigmentations <> pigme
pigmented <> pigme
pigmentous <> pigme
pigments <> pigme
pigmy <> cüce
pigmy <> küçük
pigmy <> pigme
pignut <> Ameri
pigpen <> domuz
pigs <> domuz
pigskin <> domuz
pigsticking <> domuz
pigsty <> ahır
pigsty <> domuz
pigsty <> pisli
pigswill <> domuz
pigswill <> mutfa
pigtail <> çiğne
pigtail <> at 
pigtail <> tütün
pigtailed <> Pigta
pigwash <> domuz
pigwash <> mutfa
pika <> ıslık
pike <> balık
pike <> köprü
pike <> kargı
pike <> kazma
pike <> kuru
pike <> mızra
pike <> paral
pike <> turna
pike <> zirve
pikelet <> bir
pikelet <> bir 
pikeman <> kazma
pikeman <> mızra
pikeman <> paral
pikeman <> turni
pikeperch <> sudak
piker <> cimri
piker <> dönek
piker <> ihtiy
piker <> kalle
pikes <> Pikes
pikestaff <> demir
pikestaff <> mızra
pilaf <> pilav
pilaff <> pilav
pilafs <> Pilav
pilage <> talan
pilaster <> dört
pilaster <> duvar
pilasters <> pilas
pilaw <> pilav
pilchard <> ateşb
pilchard <> sarda
pilchards <> ateş
pilcher <> Pilch
pile <> atom
pile <> büyük
pile <> basur
pile <> hav
pile <> hidro
pile <> ince
pile <> istif
pile <> küme
pile <> kırık
pile <> kat
pile <> katlı
pile <> kazık
pile <> kuştü
pile <> pil
pile <> serve
pile <> stok
pile <> stokl
pile <> tüy
pile <> temel
pile <> tepel
pile <> yük
pile <> yığın
pile <> yığma
piled <> kazık
piledriver <> Piled
piler <> çakıc
pilers <> çakıc
piles <> basur
piles <> hemor
piles <> mayas
pileup <> çok 
pileup <> zinci
pilfer <> çalma
pilfer <> aşırm
pilfer <> arakl
pilfer <> yürüt
pilferage <> çalma
pilferage <> arakl
pilferage <> hırsı
pilfered <> Eksik
pilferer <> hırsı
pilgrim <> hacı
pilgrim <> seyya
pilgrim <> yolcu
pilgrimage <> hacıl
pilgrimage <> hac
pilgrimage <> hac 
pilgrimage <> hacca
pilgrimage <> uzun
pilgrimages <> hac
pilgrims <> hacı
piling <> istif
pilings <> kazığ
pill <> aleyh
pill <> hap
pill <> ilaç
pill <> izmar
pill <> makin
pill <> sıkıc
pill <> sıkın
pill <> top
pillage <> ganim
pillage <> soygu
pillage <> talan
pillage <> yağma
pillaged <> talan
pillaging <> yağma
pillar <> deste
pillar <> dikme
pillar <> direk
pillar <> en 
pillar <> payan
pillar <> sütun
pillared <> direk
pillared <> sütun
pillars <> sütun
pillbox <> asker
pillbox <> hap 
pillbox <> makin
piller <> Pille
pilling <> boncu
pillion <> arka
pillion <> hafif
pillion <> sele
pillion <> terki
pillory <> boyun
pillory <> dille
pillory <> rezil
pillow <> baş 
pillow <> yastı
pillowcase <> yastı
pillowcases <> yastı
pillowed <> yastı
pillows <> yastı
pillowy <> yastı
pillowy <> yumuş
pills <> hapla
pilocarpine <> pilok
pilomatrixoma <> pilom
pilose <> kıllı
pilose <> tüylü
pilosebaceous <> pilos
pilot <> öncü
pilot <> ayarl
pilot <> denem
pilot <> deney
pilot <> kılav
pilot <> kontr
pilot <> kulla
pilot <> kuman
pilot <> pilot
pilot <> rehbe
pilot <> uçak
pilot <> yedek
pilot <> yol 
pilotage <> kılav
pilotage <> pilot
pilotage <> yol 
piloted <> pilot
pilothouse <> kapta
piloting <> pilot
pilotless <> pilot
pilotless <> uzakt
pilots <> pilot
pilous <> kıllı
pilous <> tüylü
pilsener <> Pilse
pilsner <> Pilsn
pilule <> hapçı
pilule <> küçük
pily <> Pily
pima <> Pima
pimas <> PİMAŞ
piment <> Pimen
pimento <> yenib
pimentos <> kırmı
piments <> Pimen
pimlico <> Pimli
pimozide <> pimoz
pimp <> kadın
pimp <> muhab
pimp <> pezev
pimped <> Pimpe
pimpernel <> farek
pimping <> Pimpi
pimple <> kabar
pimple <> sivil
pimpled <> sivil
pimples <> sivil
pimply <> sivil
pimps <> pezev
pin <> akort
pin <> bacak
pin <> broş
pin <> dübel
pin <> firke
pin <> iğne
pin <> iğnel
pin <> kuka
pin <> lobut
pin <> manda
pin <> mecbu
pin <> mil
pin <> pim
pin <> rapti
pin <> rozet
pin <> sıkış
pin <> toplu
pin <> tuttu
pin <> yükle
pinacoid <> pinak
pinafore <> önlük
pinafore <> bebek
pinakothek <> Pinak
pinang <> Pinan
pinas <> Pinas
pinata <> Pinat
pinatas <> danan
pinball <> langı
pincer <> kıska
pincers <> kıska
pincers <> kerpe
pincers <> maşa
pincers <> pens
pinch <> çalma
pinch <> çimdi
pinch <> acı 
pinch <> ayağı
pinch <> cimri
pinch <> ele 
pinch <> gerek
pinch <> ihtiy
pinch <> kısma
pinch <> kıstı
pinch <> kıvra
pinch <> sıkış
pinch <> sıkma
pinch <> tutam
pinch <> tutuk
pinch <> yakal
pinchbeck <> altın
pinchbeck <> bakır
pinchbeck <> değer
pinchbeck <> sahte
pinchbeck <> takli
pinched <> kısık
pincher <> Pinch
pinchhitter <> sıkış
pinching <> kısma
pinchpenny <> cimri
pinchpenny <> eli 
pincushion <> iğne
pincushion <> iğnel
pindar <> Pinda
pindari <> Pinda
pine <> çam
pine <> özlem
pine <> anana
pine <> burnu
pine <> derdi
pine <> erime
pine <> zayıf
pineal <> kozal
pineal <> pinea
pinealectomized <> pinea
pinealectomy <> pinea
pineapple <> anana
pineapple <> el 
pineapples <> anana
pinecones <> kozal
pinelands <> Pinel
pinene <> pinen
pinery <> çam 
pinery <> çamlı
pinery <> anana
pines <> çamla
pineta <> Pinet
pinewood <> çam
pinewoods <> çam
piney <> Piney
pinfold <> ağıl
ping <> mermi
ping <> ping
ping <> uğuld
ping <> uğult
ping <> vın
ping <> vızıl
ping <> vızz
pinged <> ping
pinger <> Pinge
pingers <> Pinge
pinging <> ping
pingle <> Pingl
pingles <> Pingl
pingo <> Pingo
pingos <> Pingo
pings <> ping
pinguins <> pengu
pinhead <> beyin
pinhead <> küçük
pinhead <> kuş 
pinhead <> manka
pinhead <> toplu
pinheads <> iğne
pinhole <> iğne
pinhole <> küçük
pinholes <> delik
pining <> yas
pinion <> küçük
pinion <> kanat
pinion <> kolla
pinion <> kolun
pinions <> dişli
pink <> ılıml
pink <> delme
pink <> en 
pink <> karan
pink <> kenar
pink <> klike
pink <> pembe
pink <> sapla
pink <> solcu
pink <> zirve
pinker <> Pinke
pinkerton <> Pinke
pinkey <> Pinke
pinkie <> küçük
pinking <> oya
pinkish <> pembe
pinkish <> solcu
pinko <> ılıml
pinko <> solcu
pinks <> pembe
pinky <> pembe
pinna <> kulak
pinna <> telek
pinna <> yüzge
pinna <> yapra
pinnace <> filik
pinnace <> iki 
pinnace <> sanda
pinnacle <> doruk
pinnacle <> sivri
pinnacle <> tepe
pinnacle <> zirve
pinnate <> ince
pinnate <> sapın
pinner <> Pinne
pinnigrade <> yüzge
pinning <> iğnel
pinniped <> yüzge
pinnock <> Pinno
pinnule <> hedef
pinny <> önlük
pinny <> bebek
pinochle <> bezik
pinocle <> bezik
pinocytosis <> pinos
pinon <> çam
pinon <> çam 
pinpoint <> iğne
pinpoint <> nokta
pinpoint <> tam 
pinpoint <> yerin
pinpointed <> kesin
pinpointing <> sapta
pinpoints <> sapta
pinprick <> iğne
pinprick <> iğnel
pinprick <> laf 
pinprick <> sinir
pins <> bacak
pins <> pimle
pint <> büyük
pint <> pint
pint <> sıvı
pintailed <> Pinta
pintle <> eksen
pintle <> iğne
pintle <> mil
pintle <> pim
pinto <> benek
pints <> pint
pinups <> Pinup
pinwheel <> fırıl
pinworm <> kıl
pinworms <> kıl
piny <> çam 
piny <> çamlı
piolets <> Piole
pioneer <> çığır
pioneer <> önaya
pioneer <> öncü
pioneer <> öncül
pioneer <> önde
pioneer <> önder
pioneer <> kılav
pioneered <> öncül
pioneering <> öncü
pioneers <> öncül
pions <> pion
pious <> dinda
pious <> göste
pious <> sahte
pious <> saygı
pip <> ölmek
pip <> bip
pip <> bip 
pip <> dert
pip <> dilal
pip <> işare
pip <> karşı
pip <> oybir
pip <> rütbe
pip <> radar
pip <> sıkın
pip <> tomur
pip <> ufak
pip <> vurma
pip <> yaral
pip <> yenme
pipas <> Pipas
pipe <> ıslık
pipe <> şarkı
pipe <> şerit
pipe <> baca
pipe <> boru
pipe <> cıvıl
pipe <> düdük
pipe <> dev 
pipe <> hopâr
pipe <> ince
pipe <> kaval
pipe <> kuş 
pipe <> nefes
pipe <> pipo
pipe <> sutaş
pipeclay <> deri
pipeclay <> ince
pipeclay <> kille
pipeclay <> lülec
piped <> borul
pipedream <> Piped
pipeline <> boru
pipelined <> boruh
pipelines <> boru
piper <> gayda
piper <> kaval
piperaceae <> Piper
piperacillin <> piper
piperazine <> piper
piperidine <> piper
pipers <> Piper
pipes <> borul
pipes <> gayda
pipet <> pipet
pipette <> pipet
pipetted <> pipet
pipettes <> pipet
pipetting <> pipet
pipework <> boru
piping <> çalın
piping <> çok
piping <> üfley
piping <> şerit
piping <> boru
piping <> borul
piping <> cırla
piping <> fitil
piping <> huzur
piping <> kaval
piping <> kulak
pipings <> boru
pipit <> incir
pipkin <> güveç
pipkin <> küçük
pippin <> harik
pippin <> tohum
pippins <> Pippi
pips <> tırtı
pipsqueak <> küçük
pipsqueak <> kendi
pipy <> çekir
piquancy <> çeken
piquancy <> acılı
piquancy <> ilgin
piquancy <> keski
piquant <> cazip
piquant <> iştah
piquant <> keski
piquant <> merak
piquant <> yakıc
pique <> çekme
pique <> gücen
pique <> incit
pique <> kırgı
pique <> kırma
pique <> merak
pique <> pike
piqued <> kırıl
piquet <> bir 
piquet <> piket
piracetam <> piras
piracies <> ulaşa
piracy <> izins
piracy <> korsa
pirana <> Piran
piranha <> piran
piranhas <> piran
pirate <> izins
pirate <> korsa
pirate <> talan
pirate <> yağma
pirate <> yasad
pirated <> korsa
pirates <> korsa
piratical <> korsa
pirie <> Pirie
piries <> Pirie
pirls <> PIRLS
pirogue <> Pirog
pirouette <> parma
pirouette <> tek
pirouette <> tek 
piroxicam <> pirok
pirs <> PBİ'l
piscary <> balık
piscatology <> bilim
piscator <> Pisca
piscatorial <> balık
pisciculture <> balık
pisciculturist <> balık
piscina <> balık
piscina <> havuz
piscine <> balığ
piscine <> balık
piscine <> havuz
piscines <> Pisci
piscivorous <> balık
pisco <> Pisco
pise <> Pise
pish <> öğk
pish <> öf
pish <> of
pish <> püf
pisiform <> bezel
pismire <> karın
pisolite <> Pizol
piss <> çiş
piss <> çiş 
piss <> işeme
piss <> sidik
pissed <> sarho
pisser <> Pisse
pisses <> sinir
pistache <> Pista
pistachio <> şamfı
pistachio <> antep
pistachio <> fıstı
pistachios <> antep
pistacia <> Pista
piste <> pist
pistes <> pist
pistil <> dişil
pistil <> pisti
pistillate <> dişil
pistillate <> pisti
pistol <> atıcı
pistol <> nişan
pistol <> taban
pistolet <> Pisto
pistolets <> lira
pistols <> taban
piston <> pisto
pistons <> pisto
pit <> çekir
pit <> çopur
pit <> çukur
pit <> iz 
pit <> kuyu
pit <> maden
pit <> meyve
pit <> orkes
pit <> oyuk
pit <> parte
pita <> pide
pitas <> pide
pitch <> çakma
pitch <> aşama
pitch <> akort
pitch <> alan
pitch <> atmak
pitch <> basam
pitch <> düşme
pitch <> derec
pitch <> eğim
pitch <> eğiml
pitch <> göz 
pitch <> işpor
pitch <> kur 
pitch <> kurma
pitch <> perde
pitch <> saha
pitch <> sende
pitch <> sokak
pitch <> sunma
pitch <> taş 
pitch <> teste
pitch <> tezgâ
pitch <> vida
pitch <> yükle
pitch <> yalpa
pitch <> yerle
pitch <> yokuş
pitch <> zift
pitch <> ziftl
pitchblende <> katra
pitchblende <> radyu
pitched <> perde
pitcher <> atıcı
pitcher <> ibrik
pitcher <> sürah
pitcher <> testi
pitchers <> sürah
pitches <> sahal
pitchfork <> diren
pitchfork <> dirge
pitchfork <> diyap
pitchfork <> sürme
pitchfork <> sokma
pitchfork <> zorla
pitchforks <> yaba
pitching <> yunus
pitchman <> işpor
pitchman <> seyya
pitchy <> karan
pitchy <> kasve
pitchy <> zift
piteous <> acıkl
piteous <> acına
piteous <> zaval
pitfall <> görün
pitfall <> tuzak
pitfalls <> tuzak
pith <> öz
pith <> enerj
pith <> esas
pith <> güç
pith <> ilik
pith <> kuvve
pith <> ruh
pithead <> maden
pithecanthropus <> Java
pithecanthropus <> insan
pithiness <> özlül
pithiness <> güçlü
pithless <> özsüz
pithless <> içeri
pithless <> zayıf
pithoi <> pitos
pithy <> özlü
pithy <> güçlü
pithy <> içeri
pithy <> kısa
pitiable <> acına
pitiable <> değer
pitiable <> zaval
pitied <> acıdı
pitiful <> acına
pitiful <> merha
pitiful <> zaval
pitifully <> acına
pitiless <> acıma
pitiless <> merha
pitiless <> taş 
pitilessly <> acıma
pitilessness <> acıma
pitman <> maden
pits <> çukur
pitta <> pide
pittance <> çok 
pittance <> az 
pittance <> bağış
pittas <> Pitta
pitted <> çiçek
pitted <> çopur
pitted <> çukur
pitted <> karın
pitted <> oyuk
pitter <> Pitte
pitting <> karın
pitting <> pasla
pituitary <> balga
pituitary <> hipof
pity <> acıma
pity <> acına
pity <> merha
pity <> yazık
pitying <> acıya
pitying <> merha
pityingly <> acıya
pityingly <> merha
pityriasis <> pitir
pityrosporum <> pitir
pivot <> çark
pivot <> bağlı
pivot <> dönme
pivot <> dayan
pivot <> eksen
pivot <> en 
pivot <> mil
pivot <> oyun
pivot <> püf 
pivot <> pivot
pivot <> reze
pivotal <> asıl
pivotal <> eksen
pivotal <> esas
pivotal <> odak
pivoted <> pivot
pivoting <> Döner
pivots <> mille
pixel <> görün
pixel <> pixel
pixels <> pikse
pixie <> peri
pixilated <> çatla
pixilated <> şaşkı
pixilated <> kaçık
pixilated <> sarho
pixy <> peri
pizza <> pizza
pizzas <> pizza
pizzeria <> pizza
pizzerias <> pizza
pizzicato <> parma
pizzicato <> pizzi
pizzle <> erkek
pizzle <> hayva
placability <> kolay
placable <> affed
placable <> kolay
placard <> afiş
placard <> afişl
placards <> afişl
placate <> gönlü
placate <> sakin
placate <> yatış
placating <> yatış
placatory <> sakin
placatory <> teski
placatory <> yatış
place <> ısmar
place <> basam
place <> ev
place <> görev
place <> hane
place <> iş
place <> koyma
place <> mahal
place <> makam
place <> mekân
place <> mevki
place <> oturt
place <> sıra
place <> sorum
place <> statü
place <> verme
place <> yatır
place <> yazdı
place <> yer
place <> yerin
place <> yerle
placeability <> yerle
placeable <> yerle
placebo <> ilaçm
placebo <> plase
placebos <> plase
placed <> yerle
placeholder <> tutuc
placeholders <> tutuc
placeman <> atana
placement <> ısmar
placement <> atama
placement <> koyma
placement <> sıral
placement <> sipar
placement <> yatır
placement <> yerle
placements <> yerle
placenta <> eş
placenta <> etene
placenta <> plase
placentae <> plase
placental <> plase
placentals <> plase
placentas <> plase
placentation <> plase
placer <> alüvy
placer <> nehir
placer <> nehri
places <> yerle
placet <> kabul
placet <> place
placeth <> koyar
placid <> durgu
placid <> kendi
placid <> sakin
placidity <> durgu
placidity <> sükun
placing <> yerle
placket <> etek
plackets <> plake
placoid <> plako
placoids <> Plako
plafond <> resim
plafond <> tavan
plage <> kumsa
plage <> plaj
plages <> Plage
plagiarised <> aşırm
plagiarism <> eser
plagiarism <> intih
plagiarist <> eser
plagiarize <> çalın
plagiarize <> eser
plagiarize <> izins
plagiarized <> aşırm
plagiary <> çalın
plagiary <> eser
plagiary <> izins
plagiocephaly <> plagi
plagioclase <> plaji
plagioclases <> Plaji
plague <> belâ
plague <> belâs
plague <> bezdi
plague <> cezal
plague <> dert
plague <> felâk
plague <> veba
plagued <> rahat
plaguers <> Plagu
plagues <> veba
plaguesome <> belal
plaguesome <> rahat
plaguily <> belâl
plaguy <> baş 
plaguy <> belâl
plaice <> yaldı
plaid <> ekose
plaid <> karel
plaids <> İskoç
plain <> çirki
plain <> açık
plain <> dürüs
plain <> düz
plain <> düzlü
plain <> desen
plain <> engeb
plain <> göste
plain <> net
plain <> ova
plain <> süssü
plain <> sade
plain <> su 
plain <> yalın
plainclothes <> sivil
plainer <> sade
plainly <> açıkç
plainness <> çirki
plainness <> açıkl
plainness <> düzlü
plainness <> göste
plainness <> sadel
plainness <> yalın
plains <> çayır
plains <> düzlü
plains <> otlak
plains <> ovala
plainsman <> ovalı
plainsong <> Plain
plainspoken <> açık
plainspoken <> dobra
plainspoken <> lafın
plainspoken <> patav
plaint <> şikây
plaint <> suçla
plaint <> yakın
plaintext <> düz
plaintexts <> şifre
plaintiff <> şikây
plaintiff <> davac
plaintiffs <> Davac
plaintive <> ağlam
plaintive <> dertl
plaintive <> sızla
plaintive <> yaslı
plaintively <> keder
plaintiveness <> dertl
plaintiveness <> keder
plaints <> şikay
plait <> örgü
plait <> örmek
plait <> kıvrı
plait <> pli
plait <> pli 
plait <> plise
plaited <> kıvrı
plaited <> plili
plaiter <> PLAIT
plaiting <> örme
plaiting <> plise
plaits <> örgü
plan <> kroki
plan <> niyet
plan <> planı
plan <> plan
plan <> planl
plan <> proje
plan <> tasar
plan <> tasla
planar <> düzle
planarity <> düzle
planch <> altlı
planches <> yüzey
planchet <> sikke
plane <> çınar
plane <> dümdü
plane <> düz
plane <> düzel
plane <> düzey
plane <> düzle
plane <> kanat
plane <> maden
plane <> plany
plane <> rende
plane <> süzül
plane <> seviy
plane <> uçak
plane <> uçmak
plane <> yüzey
plane <> yassı
planed <> rende
planer <> plany
planers <> plany
planes <> uçakl
planet <> gezeg
planet <> plane
planetarium <> gökev
planetarium <> plane
planetariums <> Plane
planetary <> dünya
planetary <> gezeg
planetary <> yıldı
planetoid <> aster
planetoid <> küçük
planetoid <> plane
planetology <> Plane
planets <> gezeg
plangent <> inilt
plangent <> inley
plangent <> titre
planimeter <> düzle
planimeter <> plani
planimetric <> plani
planimetrically <> plani
planimetry <> düzle
planing <> havad
planing <> kayar
planing <> planö
planing <> rende
planish <> döver
planish <> düzel
planish <> presl
planish <> silin
planisphere <> düzle
planitis <> plani
plank <> öneml
plank <> döşem
plank <> kalas
plank <> payan
plank <> tahta
planking <> ahşap
planking <> döşem
planking <> kalas
planks <> plaka
plankton <> plank
planktonic <> plank
planktons <> plank
planless <> plans
planless <> progr
planned <> planl
planned <> tasar
planner <> planc
planner <> planl
planner <> tasar
planners <> planl
planning <> düzen
planning <> planc
planning <> planl
planning <> tasar
plannings <> planl
plans <> planl
plant <> çarpm
plant <> ağaç
plant <> ağaçl
plant <> aşıla
plant <> adam
plant <> bırak
plant <> bitki
plant <> demir
plant <> dikme
plant <> dolan
plant <> ekmek
plant <> fabri
plant <> fidan
plant <> gizle
plant <> hile
plant <> işlet
plant <> ihbar
plant <> indir
plant <> kök 
plant <> koyma
plant <> kurma
plant <> malze
plant <> sakla
plant <> tesis
plant <> vurma
plant <> yükle
plant <> yapış
plant <> yeşil
plant <> yuttu
plantage <> Plant
plantain <> bir 
plantain <> sinir
plantains <> plant
plantar <> plant
plantar <> taban
plantation <> ekili
plantation <> fidan
plantation <> plant
plantation <> sömür
plantation <> tarla
plantations <> plant
planted <> ekili
planter <> çiftl
planter <> ekici
planter <> fidan
planter <> sömür
planter <> tohum
planters <> yetiş
plantigrade <> düzta
plantigrade <> taban
planting <> dikme
planting <> ekim
planting <> ekme
plantings <> dikim
plantlet <> küçük
plantlets <> Bitki
plantlike <> bitki
plantocracy <> çiftç
plantocracy <> topra
plants <> bitki
planxty <> Planx
plap <> PLAP
plaque <> plaka
plaque <> tabel
plaque <> vücut
plaques <> plakl
plaquette <> küçük
plaquette <> tabel
plaquettes <> plake
plash <> çağıl
plash <> çamur
plash <> şırıl
plash <> şapır
plash <> şap
plash <> foş
plash <> foşur
plash <> gürül
plash <> su 
plash <> suya
plashing <> şırıl
plashy <> çamur
plashy <> şırıl
plashy <> sulak
plasm <> plazm
plasm <> yeşil
plasma <> plazm
plasma <> yeşil
plasmacytoma <> plazm
plasmacytosis <> plazm
plasmapheresis <> plazm
plasmas <> plazm
plasmat <> Plasm
plasmatic <> plazm
plasmic <> plazm
plasmid <> plazm
plasmids <> plazm
plasmin <> plazm
plasminogen <> plazm
plasmodium <> Plasm
plasmolysis <> Plazm
plasmons <> plazm
plaster <> alçı
plaster <> düzle
plaster <> harç
plaster <> plast
plaster <> sıva
plaster <> sıvam
plaster <> yakı
plaster <> yara
plasterboard <> alçı
plasterboard <> karto
plasterboards <> alçı
plastered <> sıval
plasterer <> sıvac
plasterers <> harç
plastering <> sıvam
plasters <> sıval
plasterwork <> alçı
plastery <> alçıl
plastery <> sıva
plastic <> biçim
plastic <> estet
plastic <> naylo
plastic <> plast
plastic <> sündü
plastic <> yoğur
plastical <> plast
plastically <> plast
plasticine <> mumlu
plasticine <> plast
plasticised <> plast
plasticiser <> akışk
plasticisers <> plast
plasticising <> Plast
plasticity <> şekil
plasticity <> esnek
plasticity <> plast
plasticity <> yoğru
plasticization <> plast
plasticize <> sündü
plasticize <> yoğur
plasticized <> Plast
plasticizer <> plast
plasticizer <> yumuş
plasticizers <> plast
plasticizing <> akışk
plastics <> plast
plastids <> plast
plastilina <> Plast
plastisols <> plast
plastron <> göğüs
plastron <> plast
plat <> örgü
plat <> arazi
plat <> arsa
plat <> kıvrı
plat <> parse
plat <> saç 
platan <> Plata
platanes <> Plata
platanus <> Çınar
plate <> şık 
plate <> şilt
plate <> altın
plate <> anot
plate <> baskı
plate <> elekt
plate <> fotoğ
plate <> gümüş
plate <> isim
plate <> kapla
plate <> klişe
plate <> levha
plate <> plaka
plate <> plake
plate <> prote
plate <> tabak
plate <> takma
plate <> tam 
plate <> yapay
plate <> zırhl
plateau <> plato
plateau <> süslü
plateau <> yayla
plateaued <> plato
plateaus <> yayla
plateaux <> plato
plated <> kaplı
plated <> kapla
plateful <> tabak
platel <> Plate
platelayer <> demir
platelayer <> ray 
platelet <> plake
platelet <> tromb
platelets <> tromb
platelike <> tabak
platemaking <> klişe
platen <> baskı
platen <> dakti
platen <> merda
platens <> Tabla
plater <> kapla
plates <> ayak
plates <> plaka
platform <> apart
platform <> düzlü
platform <> parti
platform <> platf
platform <> plato
platform <> podyu
platform <> rampa
platform <> sahan
platform <> taraç
platform <> tartı
platform <> yayla
platforms <> platf
platies <> plati
plating <> kapla
plating <> kupa
platings <> kapla
platinic <> plati
platinize <> plati
platinum <> plati
platitude <> basma
platitude <> bayağ
platitude <> beyli
platitudinarian <> basma
platitudinarian <> boşbo
platitudinize <> basma
platitudinous <> basma
platitudinous <> yavan
platonic <> Eflât
platonic <> gerçe
platonic <> plato
platonic <> zarar
platoon <> asker
platoon <> ekip
platoon <> takım
platoon <> tim
platoons <> müfre
platt <> Platt
platte <> Platt
platter <> plak
platter <> tahta
platters <> plaka
platts <> Platt
platy <> yassı
platyhelminths <> platy
platypus <> gagal
platypus <> ornit
platyrhine <> yassı
platys <> Platy
plaudit <> alkış
plaudits <> alkış
plausibility <> akla
plausibility <> makul
plausibility <> olası
plausible <> akla
plausible <> makul
plausible <> mantı
plausible <> olası
plausible <> yüze
plausibly <> makul
plausive <> tasdi
play <> çalma
play <> bahis
play <> canla
play <> eğlen
play <> göste
play <> harek
play <> kımıl
play <> kumar
play <> numar
play <> oynaş
play <> oynam
play <> oyun
play <> piyes
play <> rol 
play <> tiyat
play <> turne
play <> tutma
playability <> oynan
playable <> çalın
playable <> oynan
playable <> sahne
playact <> oynam
playact <> rol 
playas <> zampa
playback <> bantt
playback <> playb
playbacks <> oynat
playbill <> tiyat
playbills <> Playb
playbook <> senar
playbook <> tiyat
playboy <> eğlen
playboy <> playb
playboys <> Playb
played <> oynan
player <> çalan
player <> çalar
player <> kumar
player <> oyunc
player <> playe
players <> oyunc
playfellow <> oyun
playfield <> Playf
playful <> şakac
playful <> oynak
playful <> oyunc
playfully <> şakac
playfulness <> şakac
playfulness <> maska
playfulness <> oyunc
playgirl <> eğlen
playgoer <> tiyat
playground <> okul
playground <> oyun
playgrounds <> Oyun
playgroup <> oyun
playgroups <> Oyun
playhouse <> oyun
playhouse <> tiyat
playhouses <> oyun
playing <> çalma
playing <> oynam
playlet <> kısa
playlist <> müzik
playlists <> çalma
playmaker <> oyun
playmate <> oyun
playmates <> Oyun
playoffs <> playo
playpen <> çocuk
playroom <> oyun
playrooms <> oyun
plays <> çalış
playsets <> Plays
playsuit <> oyun
plaything <> eğlen
plaything <> oyunc
playthings <> oyunc
playtime <> oyun
playtime <> tenef
playwright <> oyun
playwright <> tiyat
playwrighting <> Oyun
playwrights <> yazar
playwriters <> senar
playwriting <> oyun
plaza <> şehir
plaza <> plaza
plazas <> plaza
plea <> bahan
plea <> dava
plea <> mazer
plea <> rica
plea <> savun
plea <> talep
plea <> yalva
plead <> açıkl
plead <> avuka
plead <> bahan
plead <> dava
plead <> dilem
plead <> duyur
plead <> müdaf
plead <> mazer
plead <> rica
plead <> savun
plead <> yalva
pleaded <> yalva
pleader <> avuka
pleader <> dava
pleading <> adına
pleading <> dava
pleading <> iddia
pleading <> ileri
pleading <> rica
pleading <> yalva
pleadingly <> yalva
pleadings <> savun
pleads <> yalva
pleasant <> şirin
pleasant <> güzel
pleasant <> hoş
pleasant <> keyif
pleasant <> sevim
pleasant <> tatlı
pleasantest <> sevim
pleasantly <> bülbü
pleasantly <> hoşça
pleasantness <> hoşa
pleasantness <> hoşlu
pleasantries <> Memnu
pleasantry <> şaka
pleasantry <> şakac
pleasantry <> neşe
please <> buyur
please <> hoşnu
please <> hoşun
please <> keyif
please <> lütfe
please <> memnu
please <> rica
please <> tenez
pleased <> hoşnu
pleased <> keyif
pleased <> memnu
pleaser <> zevkt
pleases <> mutlu
pleaseth <> diled
pleasing <> hoş
pleasing <> hoşa
pleasing <> memnu
pleasingly <> Memnu
pleasurable <> hoş
pleasurable <> hoşa
pleasurable <> zevkl
pleasurably <> keyif
pleasure <> haz
pleasure <> irade
pleasure <> istek
pleasure <> keyif
pleasure <> memnu
pleasure <> sevin
pleasure <> zevk
pleasured <> mutlu
pleasures <> zevkl
pleasuring <> Pleas
pleat <> kırma
pleat <> katla
pleat <> pli
pleat <> pli 
pleat <> plise
pleated <> büzgü
pleated <> katla
pleating <> plise
pleats <> pilel
pleb <> PLEB
plebe <> deniz
plebeian <> bayağ
plebeian <> halk
plebeian <> plep
plebiscite <> halk
plebiscite <> halko
plebiscite <> refer
plectrophenax <> Plect
plectrum <> mızra
plectrum <> pena
pledge <> şeref
pledge <> aşkın
pledge <> kefal
pledge <> rehin
pledge <> söz
pledge <> söz 
pledge <> sözlü
pledge <> sağlı
pledge <> taahh
pledge <> temin
pledge <> tutu
pledge <> vâât
pledgeable <> rehin
pledged <> sözü
pledgee <> rehin
pledger <> rehin
pledges <> sözü
pledging <> vaadi
pledgor <> rehin
pleiad <> Ülker
pleiades <> Ülker
pleiades <> üstün
pleiotropic <> pleio
plenary <> bütün
plenary <> genel
plenary <> sınır
plenary <> tam
plenipotentiaries <> tam
plenipotentiary <> mutlâ
plenipotentiary <> tam
plenipotentiary <> tam 
plenitude <> çoklu
plenitude <> bütün
plenitude <> berek
plenitude <> bollu
plenitude <> tamlı
plenteous <> çok
plenteous <> berek
plenteous <> bol
plenteousness <> berek
plenteousness <> bollu
plentiful <> çok
plentiful <> berek
plentiful <> bol
plentifully <> bol
plentifulness <> çoklu
plentifulness <> berek
plentifulness <> bollu
plenty <> çok
plenty <> çoklu
plenty <> berek
plenty <> bir 
plenty <> bol
plenty <> bol 
plenty <> bollu
plenty <> gayet
plenty <> pek 
plenty <> tamam
plenum <> bir 
plenum <> genel
plenum <> herke
plenum <> plenu
pleomorphic <> pleom
pleomorphism <> pleom
pleonasm <> gereğ
pleonasm <> lafı
plesiosaurus <> Plesi
pless <> Pless
plete <> önced
plethora <> çoklu
plethora <> bollu
plethora <> kan 
plethoric <> çok 
plethoric <> aşırı
plethoric <> kan 
plethysmograph <> Pleti
plethysmography <> pleti
pleura <> akciğ
pleura <> göğüs
pleura <> plevr
pleurae <> plevr
pleural <> plevr
pleurectomy <> plöre
pleurisy <> akciğ
pleurisy <> plöre
pleurisy <> zatül
pleuritic <> plöre
pleuritis <> plöri
pleurodesis <> plöro
pleuroperitoneal <> plöro
pleuropneumonia <> zatür
pleuropulmonary <> plöro
pleuroscopy <> Plöro
plexiform <> pleks
plexiglass <> plast
plexopathy <> pleks
plexor <> muaye
plexor <> perkü
plexus <> şebek
plexus <> ağ
plexus <> pleks
plexus <> sinir
plexuses <> pleks
pleyts <> PLEYT
pliability <> bükül
pliability <> esnek
pliability <> uysal
pliable <> bükül
pliable <> esnek
pliable <> katla
pliable <> mülay
pliable <> yumuş
pliancy <> bükül
pliancy <> esnek
pliancy <> uysal
pliant <> bükül
pliant <> esnek
pliant <> katla
pliant <> uysal
pliant <> yumuş
plica <> deri
plica <> kat 
plicae <> plika
plication <> kat 
plication <> katla
plication <> katme
plication <> plika
plications <> yonla
pliers <> kıska
pliers <> karga
pliers <> kerpe
pliers <> pens
plight <> bağlı
plight <> durum
plight <> güven
plight <> hal
plight <> söz
plight <> söz 
plight <> vââdd
plight <> vâât
plimsoll <> azami
plimsolls <> bez
plimsolls <> bez 
plimsolls <> lasti
pling <> Pling
plink <> Plink
plinth <> heyke
plinth <> süpür
plinth <> sütun
plinths <> Süpür
ploce <> Ploce
plod <> ağır
plod <> zahme
plodder <> gayre
plodding <> çok 
plodding <> ağır
plodding <> hanta
plodding <> zahme
plodding <> zorla
ploidy <> ploid
plongee <> plong
plonk <> çarpm
plonk <> bam 
plonk <> düşme
plonk <> güm 
plonk <> gümle
plonk <> kötü
plonk <> küt 
plonk <> kalit
plonk <> patla
plonk <> tam 
plonk <> ucuz
plonk <> vurma
plop <> cup
plop <> cup 
plop <> lop
plosion <> patla
plosive <> patla
plot <> arazi
plot <> arsa
plot <> entri
plot <> fesat
plot <> grafi
plot <> hedef
plot <> kompl
plot <> kroki
plot <> kumpa
plot <> olayl
plot <> parse
plot <> plânı
plot <> plân
plot <> plan
plot <> radar
plot <> suikâ
plot <> tema
plot <> yerin
plots <> arazi
plotted <> çizil
plotter <> çizic
plotter <> entri
plotter <> kışkı
plotter <> kompl
plotter <> plân
plotters <> çizic
plotting <> kompl
plough <> çizme
plough <> güçlü
plough <> oluk
plough <> pullu
plough <> sınıf
plough <> saban
plough <> topra
plough <> yarıp
plough <> yarma
ploughed <> sürül
ploughing <> çiftç
ploughland <> işlen
ploughland <> sürül
ploughman <> çiftç
ploughman <> köylü
ploughman <> saban
ploughs <> pullu
ploughshare <> pullu
ploughshare <> saban
ploughshares <> plows
plover <> yağmu
plovers <> yağmu
plow <> çizme
plow <> güçlü
plow <> oluk
plow <> pullu
plow <> sınıf
plow <> saban
plow <> topra
plow <> yarıp
plow <> yarma
plowed <> sürül
plowing <> çiftç
plowland <> işlen
plowland <> sürül
plowman <> çiftç
plowman <> köylü
plowman <> saban
plows <> pullu
plowshare <> pullu
plowshare <> saban
ploy <> dalav
ploy <> giriş
ploy <> hile
ploy <> iş
ploy <> sefer
ployment <> ci
pluck <> çekme
pluck <> ayıkl
pluck <> cesar
pluck <> göt
pluck <> kopar
pluck <> sürük
pluck <> sınıf
pluck <> sakat
pluck <> soyma
pluck <> talan
pluck <> topla
pluck <> yürek
pluck <> yağma
pluck <> yolma
plucked <> kopar
pluckest <> kurta
pluckiness <> cesur
pluckiness <> yiğit
plucking <> kopar
plucky <> cesur
plucky <> yürek
plucky <> yiğit
plug <> çiğne
plug <> ateş
plug <> buji
plug <> dolgu
plug <> fiş
plug <> harıl
plug <> priz
plug <> reklâ
plug <> sahte
plug <> satıl
plug <> sifon
plug <> silin
plug <> tıkaç
plug <> tıkam
plug <> tıpa
plug <> tıpal
plug <> vurma
plug <> vuruş
plug <> yaşlı
plug <> yangı
plug <> yumru
pluggable <> takıl
plugged <> tıkal
pluggers <> tıkay
plugging <> tıkam
plugin <> eklen
plugins <> eklen
plugs <> fişle
plugugly <> gangs
plugugly <> haydu
plum <> ballı
plum <> bekle
plum <> can 
plum <> en 
plum <> erik
plum <> ikram
plum <> kuşüz
plumage <> kuşun
plumage <> tüyle
plumb <> çekül
plumb <> ölçme
plumb <> şakul
plumb <> adama
plumb <> düşey
plumb <> derin
plumb <> dikey
plumb <> dikin
plumb <> doğru
plumb <> gayet
plumb <> iskan
plumb <> kurşu
plumb <> su 
plumb <> tam
plumb <> tam 
plumbago <> dişot
plumbago <> grafi
plumbago <> kurşu
plumbeous <> kurşu
plumber <> lehim
plumber <> su 
plumber <> tenek
plumber <> tesis
plumbers <> tesis
plumbic <> kurşu
plumbiferous <> kurşu
plumbing <> iskan
plumbing <> kurşu
plumbing <> lehim
plumbing <> su
plumbing <> su 
plumbings <> boru
plumbism <> kurşu
plume <> ödül
plume <> bulut
plume <> kuştü
plume <> nişan
plume <> tüy
plume <> tüyle
plumed <> kuştü
plumed <> tüylü
plumeless <> sorgu
plumeless <> tüysü
plumery <> tüyle
plumes <> tüyle
pluming <> vitri
plummer <> Plumm
plummet <> çekül
plummet <> ağırl
plummet <> dalma
plummet <> dimdi
plummet <> iskan
plummet <> tesvi
plummet <> yük
plummet <> zoka
plummeted <> düştü
plummeting <> düşen
plummy <> erik
plummy <> erikl
plummy <> güzel
plummy <> tok
plummy <> yapma
plumose <> tüylü
plumose <> tüysü
plump <> şişma
plump <> açıkç
plump <> açık
plump <> birde
plump <> cumbu
plump <> düşme
plump <> dobra
plump <> dolgu
plump <> etine
plump <> etli
plump <> gümbü
plump <> küt
plump <> küt 
plump <> patır
plump <> pat
plump <> pat 
plump <> patav
plump <> semir
plump <> tıkna
plump <> tombu
plumper <> buruş
plumper <> oy
plumper <> yalan
plumpers <> Plump
plumping <> dolgu
plumpish <> tıkna
plumpness <> tombu
plumps <> dolgu
plums <> erik
plumtree <> Plumt
plumy <> tüy 
plumy <> tüylü
plumy <> tüysü
plunder <> çalma
plunder <> çapul
plunder <> avant
plunder <> ganim
plunder <> soyma
plunder <> talan
plunder <> yağma
plundered <> talan
plunderer <> çapul
plunderer <> soygu
plunderer <> yağma
plunderers <> yağma
plundering <> yağma
plunders <> yağma
plunge <> altüs
plunge <> atılm
plunge <> büyük
plunge <> batır
plunge <> batma
plunge <> düşme
plunge <> dalış
plunge <> daldı
plunge <> dalma
plunge <> darma
plunge <> ileri
plunge <> riskl
plunge <> sapla
plunged <> daldı
plunger <> büyük
plunger <> dalgı
plunger <> dalma
plunger <> kumar
plunger <> spekü
plunger <> tulum
plunges <> daldı
plunging <> dalan
plunk <> çarpm
plunk <> düşme
plunk <> dan 
plunk <> güm 
plunk <> gümle
plunk <> küt 
plunk <> patla
plunk <> tam
plunk <> tam 
plunk <> vurma
pluperfect <> öncek
pluperfect <> geçmi
plural <> çoğul
plural <> çoklu
pluralism <> çoğul
pluralism <> birde
pluralisms <> çoğul
pluralist <> çoğul
pluralist <> plura
pluralistic <> çoğul
plurality <> çoğul
plurality <> çoğun
plurality <> çoklu
plurality <> birde
plurality <> ekser
pluralize <> çoğul
pluralize <> birde
plurals <> çoğul
pluripotent <> Pluri
plus <> artı
plus <> ayrıc
plus <> bir 
plus <> daha
plus <> fazla
plus <> ilave
plus <> pozit
plusage <> ek
plusage <> ek 
plusage <> ilave
pluses <> artıl
plush <> konfo
plush <> lüks
plush <> peluş
plushed <> Plush
plushes <> peluş
plushy <> konfo
plushy <> lüks
plushy <> peluş
plussage <> ek
plussage <> ek 
plussage <> ilave
plusses <> artıl
pluto <> Plüto
pluto <> Pluto
pluto <> cehen
plutocracy <> pluto
plutocracy <> zengi
plutocrat <> pluto
plutocrat <> zengi
pluton <> plüto
plutonic <> plüto
plutonic <> yerin
plutonism <> plüto
plutonium <> pluto
plutons <> plüto
pluvial <> yağmu
pluviograph <> yağış
pluviometer <> yağış
pluviometer <> yağmu
pluvious <> yağmu
ply <> bunal
ply <> dayam
ply <> durma
ply <> eğili
ply <> eğmek
ply <> işlet
ply <> icra
ply <> kat
ply <> katme
ply <> kulla
ply <> plise
ply <> sıkış
ply <> tabak
ply <> yapma
plying <> dolaş
plyometric <> Pliom
plyometrics <> pliom
plywood <> kontr
plywoods <> kontr
pneumatic <> şişir
pneumatic <> hava
pneumatic <> haval
pneumatical <> Pnöma
pneumatically <> pnöma
pneumatics <> hava
pneumatics <> pnöma
pneumatization <> pnöma
pneumatocele <> pnöma
pneumatoceles <> pnöma
pneumatolysis <> Pnöma
pneumatolytic <> pnöma
pneumatosis <> pnöma
pneumaturia <> pnöma
pneumocephalus <> pnömo
pneumococcal <> Pnömo
pneumococci <> pnömo
pneumococcus <> Pnömo
pneumoconiosis <> Pnömo
pneumocystis <> Pneum
pneumocytes <> pnömo
pneumology <> Göğüs
pneumomediastinum <> pnömo
pneumonectomies <> pnömo
pneumonectomy <> pnömo
pneumonia <> akciğ
pneumonia <> zatür
pneumonias <> pnömo
pneumonic <> zatür
pneumonitis <> pnömo
pneumopericardium <> pnömo
pneumotachograph <> pnömo
pneumothoraces <> pnömo
pneumothorax <> pnömo
poa <> POA
poach <> çılbı
poach <> çiğne
poach <> ağart
poach <> izins
poach <> kaçak
poach <> kapma
poach <> kayna
poach <> sport
poach <> topra
poach <> vıcık
poach <> yasak
poach <> yumur
poached <> sıcak
poacher <> çılbı
poacher <> kaçak
poacher <> yasak
poachers <> pişir
poaching <> kaçak
poas <> POAŞ
pocan <> Pocan
pochard <> elmab
pochette <> el 
pochette <> poşet
pochette <> torba
pochettes <> poşet
pock <> çiçek
pock <> kabar
pocket <> çembe
pocket <> üstün
pocket <> bastı
pocket <> belli
pocket <> cebe
pocket <> cep
pocket <> deliğ
pocket <> gizle
pocket <> hava
pocket <> hazme
pocket <> iç 
pocket <> kese
pocket <> kovuk
pocket <> maddi
pocket <> minya
pocket <> oyuk
pocket <> siney
pocket <> torba
pocket <> veto
pocketable <> cebe
pocketbooks <> Pocke
pocketed <> cebe
pocketful <> Pocke
pocketing <> cebe
pocketknife <> çakı
pocketknives <> çakı
pockets <> ceple
pockets <> gözal
pockets <> torba
pocking <> Pocki
pockmark <> çiçek
pocky <> Pocky
poco <> az
poco <> yavaş
pocock <> Pococ
pod <> balin
pod <> fok 
pod <> göbek
pod <> ipekb
pod <> kabuğ
pod <> kabuk
pod <> karın
pod <> koza
pod <> kuş 
pod <> pod
pod <> tohum
podagra <> damla
podagra <> gut
podagra <> nikri
podded <> bakla
podded <> kabuk
poddy <> elle
podesta <> Podes
podge <> çorba
podgy <> bodur
podgy <> tıkna
podgy <> tombi
podiatric <> Podia
podiatrist <> ayak
podiatry <> ayak
podiatry <> pedik
podiceps <> Podic
podium <> platf
podium <> podyu
podiums <> podyu
podocarpus <> Podoc
podocyte <> podos
podzolic <> podzo
poecilia <> Poeci
poem <> şiir
poem <> manzu
poems <> şiirl
poet <> şair
poet <> duygu
poet <> ozan
poet <> roman
poetaster <> şair
poetess <> şair
poetess <> kadın
poetic <> şaira
poetic <> şiir
poetic <> şiirs
poetic <> roman
poetical <> şaira
poetical <> şiir
poetical <> şiirs
poetical <> roman
poetically <> şiirs
poetics <> şiir
poetize <> şiir
poetize <> şiire
poetize <> şiirl
poetry <> şiir
poetry <> şiirl
poetry <> nazım
poets <> şairl
pogostemon <> Pogos
pogrom <> kıyım
pogrom <> katli
pogrom <> planl
pogroms <> pogro
poignancy <> acılı
poignancy <> dokun
poignancy <> keski
poignant <> acı
poignant <> delic
poignant <> dokun
poignant <> etkil
poignant <> keski
poignant <> yakıc
poignantly <> acı 
poignantly <> dokun
poignantly <> etkil
poignantly <> keski
poikilitic <> poiki
poikilocytosis <> poiki
poinciana <> Poinc
poinsettia <> Poins
point <> çıkma
point <> çevir
point <> özell
point <> amaç
point <> an
point <> ana 
point <> anlam
point <> bitir
point <> doğru
point <> etki
point <> göste
point <> husus
point <> işare
point <> incel
point <> konu
point <> mesel
point <> neden
point <> nokta
point <> oyma
point <> puan
point <> sayı
point <> sivri
point <> uç
point <> uç 
point <> vurgu
pointed <> anlam
pointed <> dokun
pointed <> iğnel
pointed <> isabe
pointed <> kesin
pointed <> keski
pointed <> sert
pointed <> sivri
pointed <> uçlu
pointed <> yerin
pointedly <> iğnel
pointedness <> anlam
pointedness <> dokun
pointedness <> etkil
pointedness <> iğnel
pointedness <> keski
pointedness <> sivri
pointer <> anlam
pointer <> av 
pointer <> büyük
pointer <> göste
pointer <> iğne
pointer <> iğnel
pointer <> işare
pointer <> ibre
pointer <> ima
pointer <> kinay
pointer <> zağar
pointers <> işare
pointillism <> Nokta
pointing <> göste
pointing <> işare
pointing <> nokta
pointless <> amaçs
pointless <> anlam
pointless <> boş
pointless <> manâs
pointless <> puans
pointless <> saçma
pointless <> uçsuz
pointless <> yarar
pointlessness <> anlam
points <> demir
points <> makas
points <> puan
pointsman <> kavşa
pointsman <> makas
pointwise <> nokta
pointy <> sivri
poise <> asılı
poise <> denge
poise <> dik 
poise <> duruş
poise <> havad
poise <> kaldı
poise <> kendi
poise <> temki
poised <> hazır
poising <> zehir
poison <> ağı
poison <> aşı
poison <> içki
poison <> zehir
poisoned <> zehir
poisoner <> kötü
poisoner <> zehir
poisoning <> zehir
poisonings <> zehir
poisonless <> zehir
poisonous <> fesat
poisonous <> kötü
poisonous <> zehir
poisons <> zehir
pokal <> Pokal
poke <> çuval
poke <> ağırk
poke <> araşt
poke <> arama
poke <> dürtü
poke <> dürtm
poke <> itele
poke <> karış
poke <> kurca
poke <> mıymı
poke <> sokma
poke <> torba
poke <> uyuşu
poked <> dürtt
poker <> ateş
poker <> ocak
poker <> poker
pokerface <> Poker
pokers <> poker
pokey <> pokus
poking <> alay
poky <> önems
poky <> adi
poky <> cansı
poky <> dar
poky <> küçük
poky <> kılık
poky <> sıkıc
poky <> ufacı
poky <> uyuşu
polar <> Kutup
polar <> kutup
polar <> tam 
polar <> ucay
polar <> yol 
polar <> zıt
polarimeter <> polar
polarimeters <> Polar
polarimetric <> polar
polarimetry <> polar
polarisation <> kutup
polarisation <> polar
polarise <> kutup
polarise <> polar
polarised <> Polar
polarises <> kutup
polarising <> polar
polarities <> polar
polarity <> kutup
polarity <> polar
polarity <> yoğun
polarizability <> Polar
polarizable <> polar
polarization <> kutup
polarization <> polar
polarizations <> kutup
polarize <> kutup
polarize <> polar
polarized <> Polar
polarizer <> kutup
polarizer <> polar
polarizers <> polar
polarizing <> polar
polarographic <> polar
polarography <> polar
polarons <> polar
polars <> polar
polder <> deniz
pole <> Polon
pole <> bayra
pole <> beş 
pole <> direk
pole <> gönde
pole <> karşı
pole <> kutup
pole <> leh
pole <> sırık
pole <> uç
pole <> yelke
pole <> zıt 
poleax <> deniz
poleax <> kasap
poleax <> uzun
poleaxe <> deniz
poleaxe <> kasap
poleaxe <> uzun
polecat <> kokar
polecat <> sansa
poled <> kutup
polemic <> fikir
polemic <> ihtil
polemic <> inanç
polemic <> polem
polemic <> tartı
polemic <> zıtla
polemical <> polem
polemically <> Tartı
polemicists <> polem
polemicizing <> polem
polemics <> fikir
polemics <> inanç
polemics <> polem
poles <> kutup
police <> güven
police <> garni
police <> inzib
police <> kontr
police <> nöbet
police <> polis
police <> yönet
police <> zabıt
policeman <> asker
policeman <> polis
policeman <> zabıt
policemen <> polis
policers <> Polit
polices <> polit
policewoman <> kadın
policewoman <> polis
policies <> polit
policing <> polis
policlinic <> polik
policlinics <> polik
policy <> önlem
policy <> harek
policy <> poliç
policy <> polit
policy <> sigor
policy <> siyas
policy <> tedbi
policyholder <> poliç
policyholders <> sigor
policymaker <> Polit
policymakers <> polit
policymaking <> polit
polio <> çocuk
poliomyelitis <> çocuk
poliomyelitis <> polyo
polioviruses <> Polio
polish <> Polon
polish <> boya
polish <> boyam
polish <> cila
polish <> cilal
polish <> düzel
polish <> incel
polish <> kibar
polish <> lehçe
polish <> leh
polish <> nezak
polish <> parla
polish <> perda
polish <> terbi
polishable <> cilal
polished <> boyan
polished <> cilal
polished <> göste
polished <> kibar
polished <> nazik
polished <> parla
polished <> yontu
polisher <> cila
polisher <> cilac
polisher <> parla
polisher <> perda
polisher <> verni
polishers <> Parla
polishes <> parla
polishing <> cila
polishing <> cilal
polishing <> parla
polishing <> perda
politburo <> komün
polite <> ince
polite <> kibar
polite <> nazik
polite <> terbi
politely <> kibar
politely <> nazik
politely <> nezak
politeness <> edep
politeness <> incel
politeness <> nazik
politeness <> nezak
politeness <> terbi
polites <> Polit
politest <> nazik
politic <> çıkar
politic <> ihtiy
politic <> kurna
politic <> polit
politic <> siyas
politic <> tedbi
political <> devle
political <> hüküm
political <> polit
political <> siyas
politically <> çıkar
politically <> iyi 
politically <> kurna
politically <> polit
politician <> çıkar
politician <> devle
politician <> polit
politicians <> siyas
politicisation <> siyas
politicise <> polit
politicised <> polit
politicising <> polit
politicization <> siyas
politicizations <> polit
politicize <> polit
politicized <> polit
politicizing <> polit
politicking <> siyas
politico <> çıkar
politico <> devle
politico <> siyas
politicos <> polit
politics <> çıkar
politics <> entri
politics <> polit
politics <> siyas
polities <> polit
polity <> devle
polity <> hüküm
polity <> kurum
polives <> Poliv
polk <> Polk
polka <> Polon
polka <> polka
poll <> anket
poll <> boynu
poll <> budam
poll <> halkı
poll <> kafa
poll <> kamuo
poll <> kelle
poll <> kesme
poll <> kişi
poll <> oy 
poll <> oylar
poll <> seçim
poll <> seçme
poll <> tepes
pollack <> morin
pollard <> boynu
pollard <> budam
pollard <> budan
pollard <> undan
pollbook <> seçme
polled <> boynu
pollen <> çiçek
pollen <> polen
pollens <> polen
poller <> Polle
pollex <> Polle
pollicis <> polli
pollinate <> polen
pollinate <> tozla
pollinated <> tozla
pollinating <> tozla
pollination <> tozla
pollinator <> tozla
pollinators <> polin
polling <> oy 
polling <> seçim
polliniferous <> polen
pollinizer <> tozla
pollists <> anket
pollman <> Pollm
pollock <> morin
polls <> anket
polls <> seçim
pollster <> anket
pollster <> seçim
pollsters <> anket
pollutant <> çevre
pollutant <> kirle
pollutants <> kirle
pollute <> çevre
pollute <> bozma
pollute <> karal
pollute <> kirle
pollute <> namus
polluted <> kirli
polluter <> kirle
polluters <> kirle
pollutes <> kirle
polluting <> kirle
pollution <> çevre
pollution <> bozul
pollution <> kirle
pollution <> pisli
pollutions <> kirle
pollutive <> kirle
polly <> papağ
pollyanna <> iyims
pollyanna <> polya
pollywog <> Polly
polo <> polo
polonaise <> polon
polonaises <> polon
polonium <> polon
polony <> az
polony <> az 
polos <> Polos
pols <> polit
polt <> Polt
poltergeist <> afaca
poltergeist <> yaram
poltroon <> ödlek
poltroon <> korka
poltroon <> namer
poltroon <> taban
poltroonery <> korka
poltroonery <> namer
poly <> çoklu
polyacetylene <> polia
polyacid <> polia
polyacrilamide <> polia
polyacrylamide <> polia
polyacrylonitrile <> polia
polyalcohols <> polia
polyamide <> polia
polyamides <> polia
polyamine <> polia
polyamines <> polia
polyamino <> polia
polyandry <> çok
polyandry <> çok 
polyangiitis <> Polia
polyanion <> polia
polyanthus <> çuhaç
polyarchy <> Polia
polyarteritis <> polia
polyarthritis <> polia
polyarticular <> polia
polyatomic <> çok
polyatomic <> çok 
polybasic <> polib
polybrominated <> polib
polybutylene <> polib
polycarbonate <> polik
polycarbonates <> polik
polycarboxylate <> polik
polycarboxylates <> polik
polycation <> polik
polycentric <> çok
polychaetes <> polyc
polychlorinated <> polik
polychloroprene <> polik
polychondritis <> polik
polychromatic <> çok
polychromatic <> çok 
polychrome <> çok
polychrome <> çok 
polyclinic <> polik
polyclinics <> polik
polyclonal <> polik
polyclonally <> polik
polycondensation <> polik
polycrystal <> polik
polycrystalline <> polik
polycrystals <> krist
polycyclic <> polis
polycystic <> polik
polycythaemia <> polis
polycythemia <> polis
polycythemias <> polis
polycythemic <> polis
polydactylism <> polid
polydactyly <> polid
polydioxanone <> polid
polydipsia <> polid
polydisperse <> polid
polydispersities <> molek
polydispersity <> polid
polyelectrolyte <> polie
polyelectrolytes <> polie
polyembryony <> polie
polyenes <> polie
polyester <> polye
polyesters <> polye
polyether <> polie
polyethers <> polie
polyethylene <> polie
polyethylenes <> polie
polyfoam <> Polyf
polygamist <> çok
polygamist <> çok 
polygamous <> çok
polygamous <> çok 
polygamy <> çok
polygamy <> çok 
polygamy <> polig
polygene <> Çok
polygenetic <> polij
polygenic <> polig
polyglandular <> polig
polyglot <> çok
polyglot <> çok 
polyglycerol <> polig
polyglycol <> polig
polyglycolic <> Polig
polyglycols <> polig
polygon <> çok 
polygon <> çokge
polygon <> polig
polygonal <> çok
polygonal <> çok 
polygons <> çokge
polygonum <> Polyg
polygram <> Polyg
polygraph <> çoğal
polygraph <> polig
polygraph <> yalan
polygraphic <> polig
polygraphy <> Polig
polygyny <> çok 
polygyny <> polij
polyhedral <> çok
polyhedral <> çok 
polyhedron <> çok
polyhedron <> çok 
polyhedrons <> Çokyü
polyhydramnios <> polih
polyhydric <> polih
polyhydroxy <> polih
polyimide <> polii
polyimides <> polii
polyisobutylene <> polii
polyisocyanate <> polii
polyisoprene <> polii
polylactic <> polil
polylines <> polyl
polymath <> çok 
polymath <> bilge
polymer <> polim
polymerase <> polim
polymerases <> polim
polymere <> polim
polymeric <> polim
polymerisation <> polim
polymerise <> polim
polymerised <> polim
polymerises <> polim
polymerising <> polim
polymerism <> polim
polymerization <> polim
polymerizations <> polim
polymerize <> polim
polymerized <> polim
polymerizes <> polim
polymerizing <> polim
polymers <> polim
polymetamorphic <> polim
polymethyl <> polim
polymodal <> polim
polymorph <> polim
polymorphic <> polim
polymorphism <> polim
polymorphisms <> polim
polymorphonuclear <> polim
polymorphous <> çok
polymorphous <> çok 
polymorphous <> değiş
polymorphs <> polim
polymyositis <> polim
polymyxa <> Polym
polymyxin <> polim
polyneuritis <> polin
polyneuropathy <> polin
polynomial <> çok 
polynomial <> polin
polynomials <> polin
polynuclear <> polin
polynucleotide <> polin
polyol <> polio
polyolefin <> polio
polyolefins <> polio
polyols <> polio
polyostotic <> polio
polyp <> ahtap
polyp <> basit
polyp <> polip
polype <> basit
polype <> polip
polypectomy <> polip
polypeptide <> polip
polypeptides <> polip
polyphagous <> Polif
polypharmacy <> polif
polyphase <> çok
polyphase <> çok 
polyphasic <> polif
polyphemus <> Polyp
polyphenol <> polif
polyphenolic <> polif
polyphenols <> polif
polyphonic <> çok 
polyphonic <> polif
polyphonies <> polif
polyphony <> çok 
polyphony <> polif
polyphosphate <> polif
polyphosphates <> polif
polyploid <> polip
polyploids <> polip
polyploidy <> polip
polypod <> çokay
polypod <> kırka
polypoid <> polip
polyposis <> polip
polypropylene <> polip
polypropylenes <> polip
polyps <> polip
polypus <> polip
polyradiculoneuropathy <> polin
polyrhythmic <> ritim
polysaccharide <> polis
polysaccharides <> polis
polysemy <> çok
polysemy <> çok 
polyserositis <> polis
polysiloxane <> polis
polysomnogram <> polis
polysomnography <> polis
polysorbate <> polis
polysorbates <> polis
polysplenia <> polis
polystyrene <> ısı 
polystyrene <> polis
polystyrenes <> polis
polysulfide <> Polis
polysulfides <> Polis
polysulphide <> polis
polysyllabic <> çok
polysyllabic <> çok 
polysyllable <> çok
polysyllable <> çok 
polysynthetic <> polis
polytechnic <> çeşit
polytechnic <> çok 
polytechnic <> polit
polytechnic <> tekni
polytechnical <> Polit
polytechnics <> tekni
polytene <> polit
polyterpenes <> polit
polytetrafluoroethylene <> polit
polytheism <> çokta
polytheism <> polit
polytheist <> çok
polytheistic <> çok
polythene <> polie
polytherapy <> polit
polytomous <> düzey
polytope <> polit
polytrophic <> polit
polytype <> polit
polyunsaturated <> çoklu
polyurethane <> poliü
polyurethanes <> poliü
polyuria <> poliü
polyvalent <> çok
polyvalent <> çok 
polyvinyl <> poliv
polyvinylidene <> poliv
polyvinylpyrrolidone <> poliv
polyzoon <> suda
pom <> İngil
pomace <> ezme
pomace <> meyve
pomade <> merhe
pomade <> pomat
pomades <> içeri
pomander <> delik
pomander <> koku
pomatum <> merhe
pomatum <> pomat
pome <> Yumuş
pomegranate <> nar
pomegranates <> nar
pomelo <> greyf
pomeroy <> Pomer
pomiculture <> meyve
pommel <> eyer
pommel <> kılıç
pommel <> topuz
pommel <> yumru
pommie <> İngil
pommy <> İngil
pomological <> pomol
pomologist <> meyve
pomology <> meyve
pomona <> Pomon
pomp <> şataf
pomp <> debde
pomp <> görke
pomp <> ihtiş
pomp <> tanta
pompadour <> Pompa
pompano <> palam
pompey <> Pompe
pompey <> Ports
pomping <> pompa
pompom <> Ponpo
pompon <> ponpo
pompon <> topar
pompon <> yıldı
pomposity <> azame
pomposity <> görke
pomposity <> göste
pomposity <> kendi
pompous <> şataf
pompous <> şişir
pompous <> azame
pompous <> cafca
pompous <> görke
pompous <> kendi
pompous <> tanta
pomps <> pompa
ponce <> kadın
ponce <> muhab
ponce <> pezev
poncho <> panço
poncing <> pezev
pond <> gölcü
pond <> gölet
pond <> havuz
ponder <> ölçüp
ponder <> düşün
ponder <> iyice
ponder <> kafa
ponderability <> ölçül
ponderability <> tartı
ponderable <> tartı
pondered <> düşün
ponderings <> acaba
ponderosity <> ağırl
ponderous <> ağır
ponderous <> hanta
ponderous <> harek
ponderous <> sıkıc
ponders <> düşün
ponds <> gölet
pone <> mısır
pone <> oyuna
ponent <> Ponen
pong <> doğaç
pong <> gürül
pong <> pis 
pong <> pong
ponga <> Ponga
pongee <> ipek
pongo <> Pongo
poniard <> hançe
ponies <> midil
ponk <> Ponk
pontal <> Ponta
pontes <> Ponte
pontianak <> Ponti
pontic <> Pontu
pontics <> gövde
pontifex <> Ponti
pontiff <> başpi
pontiff <> başra
pontiff <> dini
pontiff <> papa
pontiff <> ruhan
pontifical <> kibir
pontifical <> kurum
pontifical <> papal
pontifical <> papay
pontificate <> ahkâm
pontificate <> başka
pontificate <> başpi
pontificate <> papal
pontificate <> tumtu
pontify <> ahkâm
pontify <> başka
pontify <> papal
pontify <> tumtu
pontine <> ponti
pontons <> Ponto
pontoon <> şaman
pontoon <> duba
pontoon <> tomba
pontoon <> yirmi
pontoons <> dubal
ponty <> Ponty
pony <> küçük
pony <> kitap
pony <> likör
pony <> midil
pony <> yirmi
ponytail <> at
ponytail <> at 
pooch <> it
pooch <> köpek
poodle <> kaniş
poodles <> kaniş
poof <> eşcin
poof <> homos
poof <> nonoş
poof <> top
pooh <> öf
pooh <> of
pooh <> püf
pooja <> Pooja
pook <> Pook
pool <> bilar
pool <> birle
pool <> birli
pool <> fon
pool <> fon 
pool <> gölcü
pool <> gölet
pool <> havuz
pool <> kârı
pool <> karte
pool <> ortay
pool <> para
pool <> petro
pool <> pot
pool <> tröst
pooled <> havuz
pooling <> havuz
poolroom <> bilar
poolroom <> oyun
pools <> havuz
poolside <> havuz
poon <> Poon
poontang <> Poont
poop <> boru
poop <> gaz 
poop <> kıç
poop <> osurm
poop <> pupa
poop <> pupad
poop <> yorgu
poop <> yorma
pooped <> bitki
pooped <> yorgu
poor <> çorak
poor <> az
poor <> düşkü
poor <> fakir
poor <> fena
poor <> garip
poor <> kötü
poor <> naçiz
poor <> periş
poor <> sefil
poor <> verim
poor <> yoksu
poor <> zaval
poor <> zayıf
poorer <> yoksu
poorest <> yoksu
poorhouse <> düşkü
poorhouse <> darül
poorhouse <> yoksu
poorly <> fena
poorly <> hasta
poorly <> kötü
poorly <> keyif
poorly <> olums
poorly <> rahat
poorly <> yeter
poorness <> fakir
poorness <> verim
poorness <> yeter
poorness <> yoksu
poors <> Poors
poort <> Poort
pop <> çıtçı
pop <> çabuc
pop <> ansız
pop <> ateş
pop <> ateşl
pop <> baba
pop <> babal
pop <> birde
pop <> dan
pop <> güm
pop <> içece
pop <> küt
pop <> pat
pop <> pat 
pop <> patla
pop <> popül
pop <> pop
pop <> pop 
pop <> rehin
pop <> sokuv
pop <> taban
popcorn <> patla
popcorn <> popco
pope <> papa
popedom <> papal
popery <> katol
popery <> papac
popes <> papa
popgun <> manta
popinjay <> papağ
popinjay <> züppe
popish <> katol
poplar <> kavak
poplars <> kavak
poplin <> popli
poppa <> Poppa
popped <> attı
popper <> çıtçı
popper <> mısır
poppers <> Poppe
poppet <> dikme
poppet <> küçük
poppet <> kukla
poppet <> torna
poppet <> ufak
poppies <> gelin
popping <> haşha
poppy <> afyon
poppy <> gelin
poppy <> haşha
poppycock <> boş 
poppycock <> saçma
poppyseed <> haşha
pops <> çıkar
pops <> babal
pops <> moruk
popsicle <> buzlu
popsie <> Popsi
popsy <> cici
popsy <> kız 
populace <> avam
populace <> ayakt
populace <> halk
popular <> halk
popular <> halka
popular <> popül
popular <> sevil
popular <> tutul
populares <> Popül
popularisation <> popül
popularise <> basit
popularise <> halka
popularise <> tutul
popularised <> popül
popularising <> popul
popularities <> popül
popularity <> popül
popularity <> rağbe
popularity <> tutul
popularize <> basit
popularize <> halka
popularize <> tutul
popularized <> popül
popularly <> halk
populate <> doldu
populate <> insan
populate <> nüfus
populate <> yerle
populated <> doldu
populates <> doldu
populating <> doldu
population <> nüfus
populations <> nüfus
populism <> halkç
populist <> popül
populistic <> popül
populists <> popül
populous <> kalab
populous <> yoğun
populousness <> kalab
populousness <> nüfus
populus <> Popul
popups <> pop-u
porbeagle <> dev
porbeagle <> dev 
porcelain <> porse
porcelains <> porse
porcelaneous <> porse
porcellaneous <> porse
porch <> sundu
porch <> taraç
porch <> veran
porches <> revak
porcine <> domuz
porcupine <> iğnel
porcupine <> kirpi
porcupine <> okluk
porcupines <> Kirpi
pore <> düşün
pore <> dalma
pore <> dikka
pore <> gözün
pore <> gözen
pore <> iyice
pore <> konsa
pored <> gözen
porencephalic <> poren
pores <> gözen
porges <> Porge
porgie <> Porgi
porgy <> Porgy
porifera <> Porif
poriferans <> porif
poriferous <> gözen
pork <> ödene
pork <> domuz
porkers <> Porke
porky <> şişko
porky <> kirpi
porky <> okluk
porky <> semiz
porky <> tombu
porn <> porno
porno <> porno
pornographer <> Porno
pornographers <> porno
pornographic <> açık
pornographic <> müste
pornographic <> porno
pornography <> porno
porny <> Porny
porokeratosis <> porok
porosis <> osteo
porosities <> gözen
porosity <> gözen
porous <> delik
porous <> gözen
porous <> geçir
porously <> gözen
porphyre <> porfi
porphyres <> porfi
porphyria <> porfi
porphyrias <> porfi
porphyries <> porfi
porphyrin <> porfi
porphyrins <> Porfi
porphyrite <> porfi
porphyrites <> porfi
porphyritic <> porfi
porphyromonas <> Porph
porphyry <> porfi
porphyry <> somak
porpoise <> domuz
porpoise <> yunus
porpoises <> domuz
porridge <> hapse
porridge <> yulaf
porringer <> çorba
port <> buhar
port <> delik
port <> duruş
port <> gaz 
port <> gemin
port <> giriş
port <> haval
port <> iskel
port <> kale
port <> liman
port <> lomba
port <> lombo
port <> porto
port <> sığın
port <> tavır
portability <> taşın
portable <> katla
portable <> porta
portable <> seyya
portable <> taşın
portables <> porta
portably <> taşın
portage <> nakli
portage <> navlu
portage <> porta
portage <> taşım
portal <> büyük
portal <> kapı
portal <> porta
portals <> porta
portamento <> Porta
portance <> önemi
portas <> Porta
portative <> porta
portcullis <> demir
portcullis <> kale
ported <> portl
portend <> delal
portend <> işare
portend <> kötüy
portent <> delal
portent <> kötül
portent <> kötüy
portent <> kehan
portentous <> kötü
portentous <> muciz
portentous <> olağa
portentous <> uğurs
portents <> ibret
porter <> hamal
porter <> kapıc
porter <> siyah
porterage <> hamal
portering <> taşıy
porters <> hamal
portfire <> ateşl
portfire <> fünye
portfire <> fitil
portfolio <> bakan
portfolio <> belge
portfolio <> evrak
portfolio <> portf
portfolio <> tahvi
portfolios <> portf
porthole <> buhar
porthole <> gaz 
porthole <> gemi
porthole <> lomba
porthole <> lombo
portholes <> lumbo
porthos <> Porth
portico <> kemer
portico <> sütun
porticoes <> revak
porticos <> Revak
porting <> Porti
portion <> çeyiz
portion <> ayırm
portion <> bölüş
portion <> bölüm
portion <> bölme
portion <> hisse
portion <> kısım
portion <> kısme
portion <> mikta
portion <> miras
portion <> parça
portion <> pay
portion <> porsi
portioned <> Alaka
portioning <> porsi
portions <> porsi
portly <> şişma
portly <> iri
portly <> iri 
portly <> yapıl
portman <> Portm
portmanteau <> ceket
portmanteau <> iki 
portobello <> Porto
portos <> Porto
portosystemic <> porto
portrait <> betim
portrait <> portr
portrait <> tasvi
portrait <> vesik
portraitist <> portr
portraitists <> portr
portraits <> portr
portraiture <> betim
portraiture <> portr
portraiture <> tanım
portraiture <> tasvi
portray <> canla
portray <> oynam
portray <> portr
portray <> tanım
portray <> tasvi
portrayal <> betim
portrayal <> tanım
portrayal <> tasvi
portrayed <> tasvi
portraying <> tasvi
portrays <> tasvi
portreeve <> şehir
portress <> hamal
portress <> kapıc
ports <> portl
portside <> iskel
portulaca <> semiz
posada <> Posad
posadas <> Posad
pose <> durma
pose <> duruş
pose <> kurum
pose <> poz
pose <> poz 
pose <> sorma
pose <> soru
pose <> tasla
pose <> tavır
pose <> yapma
poseable <> Posea
posed <> poz
poser <> şaşır
poser <> model
poser <> numar
poser <> poz 
poser <> zor 
poses <> pozla
poseur <> numar
poseur <> yapma
posey <> Posey
posh <> şık
posh <> göste
posh <> haval
posh <> lüks
posies <> Posie
posing <> poz
posit <> farze
posit <> varsa
posit <> yerin
posit <> yerle
posited <> oturt
position <> duruş
position <> durum
position <> fikir
position <> görüş
position <> görev
position <> konum
position <> koyma
position <> mevki
position <> pozis
position <> sav
position <> statü
position <> yer
position <> yerin
position <> yerle
positionable <> konum
positional <> durum
positional <> pozis
positioned <> konum
positioner <> pozis
positioners <> pozis
positioning <> konum
positions <> pozis
positive <> artı
positive <> belir
positive <> dogma
positive <> emin
positive <> inatç
positive <> kesin
positive <> kuşku
positive <> müspe
positive <> mutlâ
positive <> oluml
positive <> pozit
positive <> tam
positively <> emin
positively <> kesin
positively <> mutlâ
positively <> oluml
positively <> pozit
positively <> tam 
positiveness <> güven
positiveness <> inanç
positiveness <> kesin
positiveness <> oluml
positiveness <> pozit
positives <> pozit
positivism <> olguc
positivism <> pozit
positivist <> pozit
positivistic <> pozit
positivists <> pozit
positivities <> pozit
positivity <> pozit
positon <> duruş
positon <> durum
positon <> fikir
positon <> görüş
positon <> görev
positon <> konum
positon <> koyma
positon <> mevki
positon <> pozis
positon <> sav
positon <> statü
positon <> yer
positon <> yerin
positon <> yerle
positron <> artı
positron <> pozit
positrons <> Pozit
posology <> ilaç
posse <> birli
posse <> heyet
posse <> takım
posses <> parça
possess <> egeme
possess <> elind
possess <> hakim
possess <> kurca
possess <> sahip
possess <> tutma
possessed <> çılgı
possessed <> cinli
possessed <> deli
possessed <> peril
possessed <> sahip
possesses <> sahip
possessing <> sahip
possession <> cin 
possession <> cinne
possession <> hakim
possession <> iyeli
possession <> kafay
possession <> mülk
possession <> sahib
possession <> sahip
possession <> sapla
possession <> tasar
possession <> varlı
possessionless <> Posse
possessions <> mülk
possessions <> mal
possessions <> serve
possessions <> varlı
possessive <> -in h
possessive <> hükme
possessive <> iyeli
possessive <> sahip
possessiveness <> sahip
possessives <> iyeli
possessor <> hakim
possessor <> mal
possessor <> mal 
possessor <> malik
possessor <> sahip
possessory <> sahip
possibilists <> Olabi
possibilities <> olana
possibility <> ihtim
possibility <> imkân
possibility <> olana
possibility <> olası
possible <> akla
possible <> mümkü
possible <> makul
possible <> olana
possible <> olası
possible <> rekor
possiblity <> olası
possibly <> belki
possibly <> mümkü
possibly <> olabi
possum <> kesel
possum <> oposs
post <> Mesaj
post <> afişe
post <> aktar
post <> asmak
post <> atama
post <> aydın
post <> bilgi
post <> dikme
post <> direk
post <> görev
post <> garni
post <> geçir
post <> iş
post <> ilan
post <> küçük
post <> kışla
post <> karak
post <> kazık
post <> kolon
post <> kurye
post <> mektu
post <> nöbet
post <> nokta
post <> posta
post <> sütun
post <> tayin
post <> yapış
post <> yer
post <> yerle
postable <> ilebi
postabortion <> düşük
postadolescent <> posta
postage <> posta
postal <> kartp
postal <> posta
postals <> Posta
postamputation <> ampüt
postauricular <> posta
postaxial <> posta
postbox <> Postb
postburn <> yanık
postbus <> Postb
postcapillary <> postk
postcapitalist <> postk
postcard <> kart
postcard <> kartp
postcardiotomy <> postk
postcards <> kartp
postcentral <> prese
postcholecystectomy <> postk
postclassical <> Grek
postcode <> posta
postcodes <> posta
postcoital <> postk
postcolonial <> Sömür
postconcussion <> postt
postdate <> tarih
postdoc <> dokto
postdoctoral <> dokto
postdural <> Dural
posted <> yayın
postel <> Poste
postencephalitic <> poste
postentry <> ek 
postentry <> geç
postentry <> geç 
poster <> afiş
poster <> duvar
poster <> poste
posterior <> arka
posterior <> arkad
posterior <> geri
posterior <> gerid
posterior <> kıç
posterior <> kaba
posterior <> popo
posterior <> sonra
posteriori <> sonsa
posteriorly <> poste
posterity <> gelec
posterity <> nesil
posterity <> soy
posterized <> poste
postern <> arka
postern <> yan
postern <> yan 
posters <> poste
postexercise <> egzer
postexposure <> temas
postganglionic <> postg
postgrad <> Lisan
postgraduate <> ünive
postgraduate <> dokto
postgraduate <> lisan
postgraduate <> yükse
postharvest <> hasat
posthaste <> çabuc
posthaste <> acele
posthaste <> alela
posthaste <> apar
postheat <> Marş
posthemiplegic <> Posth
postholes <> dikme
posthumous <> ölümü
posthumous <> öldük
posthumous <> babas
posthumously <> ölümü
postiche <> posti
postiche <> takma
postiche <> yapma
postictal <> posti
postilion <> posta
postilion <> posti
postillion <> posta
postillion <> posti
postindustrial <> sanay
postinfarction <> posti
postinfectious <> posti
posting <> atama
posting <> gönde
posting <> ivedi
postings <> İlanl
postinjection <> enjek
postischemic <> posti
postman <> posta
postmark <> damga
postmark <> posta
postmarked <> posta
postmarketing <> pazar
postmarks <> damga
postmastectomy <> Maste
postmaster <> posta
postmature <> postm
postmaturity <> Postm
postmen <> posta
postmeningitic <> menen
postmenopausal <> postm
postmenopause <> menop
postmenstrual <> postm
postmeridian <> öğled
postmistress <> posta
postmitotic <> postm
postmodernism <> postm
postmodernists <> postm
postmodernity <> Postm
postnasal <> postn
postnatally <> postn
postoffices <> posta
postoperative <> ameli
postoperatively <> posto
postpaid <> Fatur
postpartal <> Doğum
postparturient <> postp
postpone <> ertel
postpone <> gecik
postpone <> sonra
postpone <> tecil
postponed <> ertel
postponement <> ertel
postponement <> gecik
postponement <> geri
postponement <> sonun
postponement <> tecil
postponement <> tehir
postponements <> ertel
postpones <> ertel
postponing <> ertel
postposition <> edat
postposition <> ilgeç
postposition <> sonun
postposition <> takı
postpositions <> edatl
postpositive <> edat
postpositive <> ilgeç
postpositive <> sona
postprandial <> yemek
postprandially <> yemek
postprocess <> işlem
postprocessor <> Postp
postproduction <> olara
posts <> Mesaj
postscript <> dipno
postscript <> ek
postscript <> ek 
postscript <> not
postseason <> MLS
postsecondary <> lise
poststructuralism <> posty
postsurgical <> Cerra
postsynaptic <> posts
posttest <> sonte
posttests <> art
posttherapy <> terap
postthrombotic <> post-
posttranscriptional <> postt
posttransfusion <> postt
posttranslational <> postt
posttraumatic <> postt
posttreatment <> sonra
postulant <> aday
postulant <> namze
postulant <> papaz
postulate <> şart
postulate <> doğru
postulate <> esas
postulate <> ispat
postulate <> koyut
postulate <> postu
postulate <> seçme
postulate <> talep
postulated <> öne
postulates <> postü
posture <> duruş
posture <> durum
posture <> hal
posture <> poz
posture <> poz 
posture <> tasla
posture <> tavır
posture <> vaziy
posture <> yapma
postures <> duruş
posturing <> postü
posturography <> postü
postwar <> savaş
posy <> çiçek
posy <> buket
posy <> kısa
posy <> veciz
pot <> çömle
pot <> çanak
pot <> bilar
pot <> cebe
pot <> cezve
pot <> demli
pot <> esrar
pot <> kap
pot <> konse
pot <> kupa
pot <> lazım
pot <> ortay
pot <> pot
pot <> pota
pot <> rasge
pot <> saksı
pot <> testi
pot <> topra
pot <> yemek
potable <> içece
potable <> içile
potable <> meşru
potage <> çorba
potamic <> ırmak
potamic <> akars
potamic <> nehir
potamogeton <> Potam
potamology <> nehir
potash <> potas
potassic <> potas
potassium <> potas
potation <> alem
potation <> içki
potation <> içme
potations <> alem
potations <> içkil
potato <> baş
potato <> dolar
potato <> kafa
potato <> patat
potatoes <> patat
potatos <> patat
potbelly <> göbek
potboiler <> para
potboy <> bar
potboy <> bar 
potch <> Potch
pote <> Pote
poteen <> kaçak
potencies <> poten
potency <> cinse
potency <> etki
potency <> güç
potency <> iktid
potency <> kuvve
potency <> potan
potent <> cinse
potent <> etkil
potent <> güçlü
potent <> ikna
potent <> iktid
potent <> inand
potent <> kuvve
potent <> nüfuz
potent <> potan
potentate <> hüküm
potentate <> nüfuz
potentates <> hüküm
potential <> açığa
potential <> güç
potential <> geril
potential <> gizli
potential <> iktid
potential <> olası
potential <> potan
potential <> yeter
potentialities <> potan
potentiality <> ihtim
potentiality <> imkân
potentiality <> olana
potentiality <> olası
potentially <> Potan
potentials <> potan
potentiate <> potan
potentiated <> potan
potentiates <> potan
potentiating <> potan
potentiation <> poten
potentiometer <> potan
potentiometers <> potan
potentiometric <> potan
potentiometry <> potan
potently <> kuvve
potes <> Potes
pothead <> esrar
potheads <> Pothe
potheen <> kaçak
pother <> üzmek
pother <> şamat
pother <> başın
pother <> curcu
pother <> dert
pother <> gürül
pother <> karış
pother <> toz 
potherb <> yeşil
pothole <> kaya
pothole <> yol
pothole <> yol 
potholer <> mağar
potholes <> çukur
pothook <> s
pothook <> s 
pothos <> Potho
pothouse <> ucuz
pothunter <> ödül
pothunter <> hava
potion <> bir 
potion <> iksir
potion <> zehir
potions <> iksir
potluck <> Potlu
potpourri <> derle
potpourri <> karış
potpourri <> kurut
potpourri <> potpu
potpourri <> seçme
pots <> tence
potshard <> seram
potshards <> seram
potsherd <> çömle
potsherds <> seram
pott <> Pott
pottage <> çorba
pottage <> sulu
potted <> Saksı
potter <> çömle
potter <> oyala
potter <> sinek
potter <> ufak
potter <> vakit
potteries <> çanak
pottering <> Potte
potters <> çömle
pottery <> çömle
pottery <> çanak
pottery <> topra
potting <> çömle
potting <> konse
potting <> saksı
pottinger <> Potti
potts <> Potts
potty <> çatla
potty <> önems
potty <> basit
potty <> deli
potty <> lazım
potty <> otura
pouch <> cebe
pouch <> gözal
pouch <> kese
pouch <> torba
pouch <> yutma
pouched <> kesel
pouches <> torba
pouching <> torba
pouf <> bukle
pouf <> elbis
pouf <> lüle
pouf <> nonoş
pouf <> puf
pouf <> top
pouffe <> bukle
pouffe <> elbis
pouffe <> lüle
pouffe <> nonoş
pouffe <> puf
pouffe <> top
pouffes <> puf
poulard <> Poula
poulp <> Poulp
poult <> palaz
poult <> piliç
poulter <> Poult
poulterer <> tavuk
poultice <> lapa
poultice <> yara
poultries <> Kümes
poultry <> kümes
poultryman <> tavuk
pounce <> üstün
pounce <> atılm
pounce <> dalıv
pounce <> hamle
pounce <> mürek
pounce <> pençe
pounce <> saldı
pounce <> toz 
pound <> çarpm
pound <> ağıl
pound <> ağıla
pound <> dövme
pound <> darbe
pound <> ezmek
pound <> hapis
pound <> havan
pound <> küt 
pound <> libre
pound <> pound
pound <> sahip
pound <> sterl
pound <> topa
pound <> vurma
pound <> yumru
pound <> zor 
poundage <> libre
poundage <> sahip
poundage <> sterl
pounder <> libre
pounding <> dövme
pounding <> vurma
pounds <> pound
pour <> üşüşm
pour <> şidde
pour <> akış
pour <> akıtm
pour <> akma
pour <> akmak
pour <> boşal
pour <> dökül
pour <> dökme
pour <> yığıl
pour <> yağdı
pour <> yağma
pourable <> dökül
pourable <> döküm
pourboire <> bahşi
pourboire <> tip
poured <> döktü
pouring <> aşırı
pouring <> boşal
pouring <> döküm
pouring <> dökme
pouring <> sel 
pours <> dökül
poussin <> Pouss
pout <> darıl
pout <> dudak
pout <> kafas
pout <> mezgi
pout <> somur
pout <> surat
pouter <> kafas
pouter <> kursa
pouter <> somur
pouting <> somur
pouts <> küsmü
poverty <> düşkü
poverty <> eksik
poverty <> fakir
poverty <> paras
poverty <> sefal
poverty <> yeter
poverty <> yoklu
poverty <> yoksu
povidone <> povid
powder <> barut
powder <> pudra
powder <> toz
powder <> toz 
powdered <> toz
powderhorn <> Powde
powdering <> toz
powdering <> toz 
powderized <> Toz
powdermills <> Powde
powders <> tozla
powdery <> toz 
powdery <> tozlu
power <> çalış
power <> üs
power <> derma
power <> elekt
power <> enerj
power <> güç
power <> güç 
power <> iktid
power <> kuvve
power <> otori
power <> takât
power <> yeten
power <> yetki
powerboat <> deniz
powerboat <> motor
powerboats <> tekne
powered <> deste
powerful <> çok 
powerful <> etkil
powerful <> güçlü
powerful <> kuvve
powerful <> nüfuz
powerful <> yetki
powerfully <> güçlü
powerfulness <> güçlü
powerhouse <> dinam
powerhouse <> elekt
powerhouse <> en 
powerhouse <> enerj
powerhouse <> etkin
powerhouse <> forve
powerhouses <> güçlü
powering <> güç
powerless <> aciz
powerless <> elind
powerless <> güçsü
powerless <> yeter
powerlessness <> güçsü
powerlifting <> Power
powerplay <> Power
powers <> güçle
powertrains <> power
pows <> POWs
powter <> Powte
powwow <> büyüc
powwow <> görüş
powwow <> kızıl
powwow <> müzak
powwow <> topla
pox <> çiçek
pox <> freng
poxviridae <> Poxvi
poxy <> POXY
poynting <> Poynt
poze <> Poze
pozzolan <> puzol
pozzolana <> lav
pozzolanic <> puzol
pozzolans <> puzol
pozzuolana <> lav
practicability <> kulla
practicability <> prati
practicable <> elver
practicable <> geçil
practicable <> kulla
practicable <> uygul
practicable <> yapıl
practical <> becer
practical <> el 
practical <> elver
practical <> gerçe
practical <> iş 
practical <> kulla
practical <> nesne
practical <> objek
practical <> prati
practical <> uygul
practicalities <> prati
practicality <> kulla
practicality <> prati
practicality <> uygul
practically <> gerçe
practically <> hemen
practically <> nered
practically <> prati
practically <> uygul
practicals <> Prati
practice <> çalış
practice <> ısınm
practice <> adet
practice <> alışk
practice <> alışt
practice <> denem
practice <> deney
practice <> dolap
practice <> eğiti
practice <> egzer
practice <> entri
practice <> etmek
practice <> gerçe
practice <> hile
practice <> idman
practice <> prati
practice <> tatbi
practice <> tekni
practice <> usul
practice <> uygul
practice <> yönte
practice <> yapma
practiced <> çalış
practiced <> deney
practiced <> tecrü
practiced <> uygul
practiced <> yeten
practicers <> uygul
practices <> uygul
practicians <> uygul
practicing <> prati
practicum <> uygul
practise <> çalış
practise <> ısınm
practise <> adet
practise <> alışk
practise <> alışt
practise <> denem
practise <> deney
practise <> dolap
practise <> eğiti
practise <> egzer
practise <> entri
practise <> etmek
practise <> gerçe
practise <> hile
practise <> idman
practise <> prati
practise <> tatbi
practise <> tekni
practise <> usul
practise <> uygul
practise <> yönte
practise <> yapma
practised <> çalış
practised <> deney
practised <> tecrü
practised <> uygul
practised <> yeten
practiser <> uygul
practisers <> uygul
practises <> uygul
practising <> prati
practitioner <> prati
practitioner <> uygul
practitioners <> uygul
prad <> Prad
praesidium <> İcra
praetorians <> Praet
prag <> Prag
pragmatic <> öğret
pragmatic <> bilgi
pragmatic <> dogma
pragmatic <> eğiti
pragmatic <> fayda
pragmatic <> her 
pragmatic <> işgüz
pragmatic <> pragm
pragmatic <> uygul
pragmatical <> öğret
pragmatical <> bilgi
pragmatical <> dogma
pragmatical <> eğiti
pragmatical <> fayda
pragmatical <> her 
pragmatical <> işgüz
pragmatical <> pragm
pragmatically <> pragm
pragmaticism <> pragm
pragmatics <> edimb
pragmatism <> bilgi
pragmatism <> fayda
pragmatism <> işgüz
pragmatism <> pragm
pragmatism <> ukâla
pragmatism <> uygul
pragmatist <> bilgi
pragmatist <> fayda
pragmatist <> işgüz
pragmatist <> pragm
pragmatist <> uygul
pragmatists <> pragm
pragmatize <> gerçe
pragmatize <> mantı
pragmatize <> rasyo
prairie <> çayır
prairie <> geniş
prairie <> kır
praise <> övgü
praise <> övme
praise <> övmek
praise <> şükre
praise <> methe
praised <> övdü
praises <> övgü
praiseworthy <> övülm
praiseworthy <> takdi
praising <> övme
prajna <> Prajn
praline <> ceviz
praline <> prali
pralines <> prali
pram <> çocuk
pram <> Norve
prams <> bebek
prana <> Prana
prance <> haval
prance <> hopla
prance <> kasıl
prance <> zıpla
prandial <> yemek
prang <> büyük
prang <> bomba
prang <> haşat
prang <> hava
prang <> müthi
prang <> uçaks
prank <> şeyta
prank <> donat
prank <> eşek
prank <> giydi
prank <> hava
prank <> muzip
prank <> süsle
prank <> yaram
prankish <> muzip
prankish <> oyunc
prankish <> yaram
pranks <> şakal
prankster <> Prank
pranksters <> şakla
prao <> Prao
praseodymium <> prase
prat <> göt
prat <> kıç
prate <> boş
prate <> boş 
prate <> dem 
prate <> gevez
prater <> gevez
pratic <> Prati
pratincole <> batak
pratique <> prati
prats <> Prats
prattle <> çene
prattle <> çocuk
prattle <> gevez
prattler <> çeneb
prattler <> gevez
prattling <> gevez
prawn <> büyük
prawn <> deniz
prawn <> iri 
prawns <> karid
praxes <> vuruş
praxis <> çalış
praxis <> adet
praxis <> alışk
praxis <> prati
praxis <> uygul
praxiteles <> Praxi
pray <> af 
pray <> dua
pray <> dua 
pray <> ibade
pray <> namaz
pray <> rica
pray <> yalva
prayed <> dua
prayer <> dilek
prayer <> dua
prayer <> duacı
prayer <> ibade
prayer <> namaz
prayer <> rica
prayer <> yalva
prayerful <> dinda
prayerful <> dini
prayerful <> dualı
prayerful <> ibade
prayerfully <> dua
prayerless <> dua 
prayerless <> duası
prayerless <> ibade
prayers <> ibade
prayers <> namaz
praying <> dua
praying <> dua 
praying <> ibade
praying <> namaz
praying <> yalva
prayings <> dua
prays <> dua
praziquantel <> prazi
pre <> Önced
preach <> öğüt
preach <> tavsi
preach <> telki
preach <> vaaz
preached <> vaaz
preacher <> hatip
preacher <> vaiz
preachers <> vaizl
preaches <> vaaz
preachify <> sıkıc
preaching <> öğüt
preaching <> vaaz
preachy <> vaaz
preaddressed <> önced
preadolescent <> ergen
preamble <> önsöz
preamble <> başla
preamble <> giriş
preamplifiers <> pream
preamps <> pream
preanesthetic <> prean
preapproved <> önced
prearrange <> ön
prearrange <> ön 
prearrange <> önced
prearranged <> önced
prearranged <> danış
preassembled <> önced
preassigned <> önced
preassure <> Basın
preauricular <> preau
prebend <> kated
prebend <> papaz
prebendary <> kated
prebiotic <> prebi
prebirth <> Doğum
prebuild <> önced
prebuilt <> hazır
precalculate <> önced
precalculated <> önced
precancerous <> preka
precapillary <> preka
precarious <> şüphe
precarious <> belir
precarious <> güven
precarious <> istik
precarious <> karar
precarious <> riskl
precarious <> tutar
precariously <> tehli
precariousness <> kırıl
precast <> preka
precaution <> önlem
precaution <> ihtiy
precaution <> tedbi
precautionary <> ihtiy
precautionary <> tedbi
precautionary <> uyarı
precautions <> önlem
precautious <> temki
precede <> önünd
precede <> önüne
precede <> önce
precede <> önde
precede <> üstün
preceded <> önünd
precedence <> önce
precedence <> öncel
precedence <> üstün
precedent <> örneğ
precedent <> örnek
precedent <> benze
precedent <> eşine
precedent <> geçmi
precedented <> örneğ
precedented <> benze
precedented <> eşi 
precedents <> emsal
precedes <> önce
preceding <> önce
preceding <> öncek
precensor <> sansü
precentor <> kilis
precentral <> prese
precept <> emir
precept <> kaide
precept <> kural
precept <> mahke
precept <> talim
precept <> yönet
preceptive <> öğret
preceptive <> kural
preceptor <> öğret
preceptor <> hoca
preceptorial <> öğret
preceptress <> öğret
preceptress <> kadın
precepts <> emirl
precession <> devin
precieux <> Değer
precinct <> çevre
precinct <> bölge
precinct <> polis
precinct <> seçim
precincts <> çevre
precincts <> civar
precincts <> yöre
preciosity <> özent
preciosity <> aşırı
preciosity <> süslü
preciosity <> yapma
precious <> çok
precious <> aşırı
precious <> aziz
precious <> büyük
precious <> can
precious <> değer
precious <> fazla
precious <> kıyme
precious <> pahal
precious <> sevgi
precious <> tamam
precious <> yapma
preciously <> nadid
preciousness <> özent
preciousness <> aşırı
preciousness <> değer
preciousness <> pahal
precipice <> sarp
precipice <> uçuru
precipice <> yar
precipices <> uçuru
precipitable <> yağış
precipitance <> acele
precipitance <> telaş
precipitancy <> acele
precipitancy <> telaş
precipitant <> çökel
precipitant <> acele
precipitants <> presi
precipitate <> çökel
precipitate <> aşağı
precipitate <> acele
precipitate <> atmak
precipitate <> düşür
precipitate <> hızla
precipitate <> yükse
precipitate <> yoğun
precipitated <> çöktü
precipitately <> acele
precipitateness <> acele
precipitateness <> telaş
precipitates <> presi
precipitating <> Hizla
precipitation <> çökel
precipitation <> aşağı
precipitation <> acele
precipitation <> düşme
precipitation <> telaş
precipitation <> yağış
precipitations <> yağış
precipitative <> acele
precipitator <> çöktü
precipitators <> çöktü
precipitin <> presi
precipitous <> çabuk
precipitous <> acele
precipitous <> dik
precipitous <> hızlı
precipitous <> sarp
precipitous <> uçuru
precipitously <> dik
precis <> özet
precis <> özetl
precise <> açık
precise <> belir
precise <> belli
precise <> dakik
precise <> kesin
precise <> kusur
precise <> tam
precisely <> çok 
precisely <> açık
precisely <> belli
precisely <> doğru
precisely <> elbet
precisely <> kesin
precisely <> kusur
precisely <> tam
precisely <> tamam
preciseness <> açıkl
preciseness <> dakik
preciseness <> doğru
preciseness <> kesin
preciseness <> tamlı
precision <> dakik
precision <> doğru
precision <> hassa
precision <> ince
precision <> kesin
precision <> tamlı
precisions <> Preci
precleaning <> ön
preclearance <> ön
preclinical <> prekl
preclude <> önüne
preclude <> önlem
preclude <> alıko
preclude <> engel
precluded <> engel
precludes <> engel
precluding <> engel
preclusion <> önlem
preclusion <> alıko
preclusion <> engel
preclusion <> menet
preclusive <> önley
preclusive <> alıko
preclusive <> engel
precoce <> Preco
precocious <> büyüm
precocious <> bacak
precocious <> erken
precocious <> vakti
precociousness <> erken
precocity <> erken
precognition <> ön 
precognition <> önced
precognition <> önsez
precognition <> sezme
preconceive <> önyar
preconceive <> peşin
preconceived <> önyar
preconception <> önyar
preconception <> peşin
preconceptions <> önyar
preconcert <> önced
preconcerted <> önced
precondition <> ön
precondition <> ön 
precondition <> önced
precondition <> katıl
precondition <> yeral
preconditioning <> önkoş
preconditions <> önkoş
preconfiguration <> ön 
preconize <> adını
preconize <> ilan
preconscious <> bilin
preconstruction <> Önces
precontracted <> kastı
precook <> önced
precooked <> önced
precool <> önced
precooling <> ön
precordial <> preko
precuring <> ön
precursor <> öncü
precursor <> öncek
precursor <> haber
precursor <> müjde
precursors <> öncül
precursory <> ön
precursory <> önced
precursory <> müjde
predaceous <> yırtı
predacious <> yırtı
predate <> önce
predate <> erken
predate <> eski
predate <> geçmi
predates <> önced
predating <> önces
predation <> yırtı
predator <> yırtı
predators <> yırtı
predatory <> yırtı
predatory <> yağma
predecease <> önce
predecease <> daha
predecessor <> öncek
predecessor <> öncel
predecessor <> ata
predecessor <> cet
predecessor <> selef
predecessors <> Öncek
predefine <> önced
predefined <> Önced
predefines <> TV'ni
predesigned <> Önced
predestinate <> alınd
predestinate <> alnın
predestinate <> kısme
predestinate <> kader
predestinate <> nasip
predestinate <> takdi
predestination <> Allah
predestination <> alın
predestination <> kısme
predestination <> kader
predestination <> takdi
predestination <> yazgı
predestinator <> Sosya
predestine <> alnın
predestine <> kader
predestine <> nasip
predestine <> takdi
predestined <> önced
predestined <> kader
predetermination <> önced
predetermine <> önced
predetermined <> önced
predetermines <> önced
prediabetes <> Predi
prediabetic <> predi
predicable <> iddia
predicament <> çıkma
predicament <> kötü
predicament <> kateg
predicament <> tatsı
predicant <> vaiz
predicate <> belir
predicate <> beyan
predicate <> dayan
predicate <> doğru
predicate <> yükle
predicated <> esas
predicates <> yükle
predication <> hüküm
predication <> yükle
predicative <> doğru
predicative <> yükle
predicatory <> vaiz
predict <> önced
predict <> kehan
predict <> tahmi
predictability <> öngör
predictable <> önced
predictable <> tahmi
predictably <> tahmi
predicted <> tahmi
predicting <> tahmi
prediction <> önced
prediction <> kehan
prediction <> tahmi
predictions <> tahmi
predictive <> predi
predictor <> haber
predictor <> kâhin
predictor <> uçaks
predictors <> belir
predictory <> kesti
predicts <> tahmi
predilection <> terci
predilection <> yeğ 
predilection <> yeğle
predilections <> terci
predischarge <> tabur
predispose <> önced
predispose <> uygun
predispose <> yatkı
predisposed <> yatkı
predisposes <> yatkı
predisposing <> predi
predisposition <> eğili
predisposition <> yatkı
prednisolone <> predn
prednisone <> predn
predominance <> çoğun
predominance <> üstün
predominance <> ağır
predominance <> hakim
predominant <> üstün
predominant <> ağır
predominant <> baskı
predominant <> hakim
predominantly <> ağırl
predominate <> çoğun
predominate <> üstün
predominate <> ağır
predominate <> baskı
predominate <> hakim
predominated <> baskı
predominately <> baskı
predominates <> hakim
predominating <> ağırl
predrilled <> önced
predrying <> Ön ku
predy <> perdy
predynastic <> Haned
preeclampsia <> preek
preeclamptic <> Preek
preejection <> preej
preeminent <> önde
preempted <> kılın
preemption <> önalı
preemptive <> başka
preemptive <> baraj
preemptive <> preem
preemptively <> Preem
preempts <> Preem
preen <> gaga
preen <> kendi
preen <> tüyle
preening <> gagas
preexcitation <> preek
preexisting <> önced
prefab <> prefa
prefabricate <> önced
prefabricated <> parça
prefabricated <> prefa
prefabrication <> prefa
prefabs <> prefa
preface <> önsöz
preface <> giriş
prefaces <> ÖNSÖZ
prefect <> sınıf
prefect <> vali
prefect <> yükse
prefects <> valil
prefectural <> valil
prefer <> öncel
prefer <> arzet
prefer <> atama
prefer <> ileri
prefer <> sunma
prefer <> tayin
prefer <> terci
prefer <> yeğle
preferability <> terci
preferable <> daha
preferable <> terci
preferably <> terci
preference <> öncel
preference <> imtiy
preference <> rüçha
preference <> terci
preference <> yeğ 
preference <> yeğle
preferences <> terci
preferential <> öncel
preferential <> ayrıc
preferential <> imtiy
preferential <> terci
preferentially <> terci
preferment <> arz
preferment <> atama
preferment <> sunma
preferment <> tayin
preferment <> terfi
preferment <> yükse
preferrable <> terci
preferred <> öncel
preferred <> gözde
preferred <> terci
preferring <> terci
prefers <> terci
prefetcher <> Prefe
prefetching <> önalı
prefiguration <> önced
prefiguration <> delâl
prefigure <> önced
prefigure <> delâl
prefill <> ÖN DO
prefilled <> doldu
prefilter <> Ön
prefilters <> ön
prefinancing <> prefi
prefix <> önüne
prefix <> önek
prefix <> başın
prefix <> ismin
prefixed <> önekl
prefixes <> önek
prefixing <> önek
preflight <> ön 
preflighting <> ön 
preformatted <> biçim
preformed <> şekil
preforms <> prefo
pregalvanized <> Prega
preggers <> gebe
preggers <> hamil
pregnable <> zapto
pregnancies <> gebel
pregnancy <> anlam
pregnancy <> gebe
pregnancy <> gebel
pregnancy <> hamil
pregnant <> anlam
pregnant <> gebe
pregnant <> hamil
pregnant <> manâl
pregnant <> verim
pregnant <> yarat
pregnants <> gebel
prehardened <> sertl
preharvest <> hasat
preheat <> önced
preheated <> Önced
preheater <> Ön Is
preheating <> ön
prehensile <> kavra
prehensile <> tutma
prehension <> anlam
prehension <> kavra
prehension <> tutma
prehensive <> kapsa
prehistoric <> prehi
prehistoric <> tarih
prehistorical <> prehi
prehistorical <> tarih
prehistory <> tarih
prehnite <> prehn
preignition <> ateşl
preignition <> erken
preimplantation <> preim
preincrement <> Arttı
preincrementing <> Ön ar
preinduction <> indük
preinfarction <> infar
preinstalled <> önced
preinstalling <> ön 
prejudge <> önced
prejudge <> önyar
prejudge <> peşin
prejudgement <> önyar
prejudgement <> peşin
prejudgement <> yargı
prejudgements <> Önyar
prejudges <> önyar
prejudgment <> önyar
prejudgment <> peşin
prejudgment <> yargı
prejudgments <> önyar
prejudice <> önyar
prejudice <> etki
prejudice <> peşin
prejudice <> sakın
prejudice <> zarar
prejudiced <> önyar
prejudiced <> etki
prejudiced <> peşin
prejudiced <> taraf
prejudices <> önyar
prejudicial <> önyar
prejudicial <> sakın
prejudicial <> zarar
prejudicing <> önyar
prelacy <> pisko
prelate <> başra
prelate <> yükse
prelect <> ders
prelect <> konfe
prelection <> ders
prelection <> konfe
prelector <> öğret
prelector <> hoca
prelector <> konfe
prelector <> okutm
prelim <> ön 
prelim <> yeter
preliminaries <> eleme
preliminary <> ön
preliminary <> ön 
preliminary <> başla
preliminary <> ilk
prelims <> başlı
prelude <> başla
prelude <> giriş
prelude <> prelü
preludes <> prelü
preludium <> Prelu
premalignant <> prema
premarital <> evlil
premarketing <> Piyas
premarriage <> Evlil
premature <> erken
premature <> mevsi
premature <> prema
premature <> vakit
premature <> zaman
prematurely <> zaman
prematureness <> erken
prematureness <> zaman
prematures <> prema
prematurity <> erken
prematurity <> prema
prematurity <> zaman
premeal <> yemek
premed <> Preme
premedical <> tıp 
premedicated <> preme
premedication <> preme
premedieval <> ortaç
premeditate <> önced
premeditate <> planl
premeditate <> tasar
premeditated <> kasıt
premeditatedly <> önced
premeditation <> önced
premeditation <> kasıt
premeditation <> taamm
premenopausal <> preme
premenopause <> preme
premenstrual <> preme
premia <> priml
premier <> baş
premier <> başba
premier <> birin
premier <> ilk
premiere <> baş 
premiere <> gala
premiere <> galas
premiere <> prima
premiered <> prömi
premieres <> gala
premiers <> başba
premiership <> başba
premise <> öncül
premise <> önced
premise <> önerm
premises <> çevre
premises <> ana 
premises <> arazi
premises <> mülk
premises <> taşın
premises <> tesis
premises <> yer
premiss <> öncül
premisses <> öncül
premium <> çırak
premium <> ödül
premium <> getir
premium <> ikram
premium <> kâr p
premium <> prim
premiums <> prim
premixed <> premi
premixes <> premi
premodern <> moder
premolar <> küçük
premolars <> premo
premonition <> önsez
premonition <> içine
premonition <> uyarm
premonitions <> Premo
premonitory <> haber
premonitory <> uyarı
prenatal <> doğum
prenatally <> prena
prenotification <> ön
prentice <> çırak
prentice <> acemi
preoccupancy <> önced
preoccupancy <> daha
preoccupancy <> taraf
preoccupation <> önce
preoccupation <> önced
preoccupation <> endiş
preoccupation <> kafas
preoccupation <> kaygı
preoccupation <> taraf
preoccupations <> meşgu
preoccupied <> dalgı
preoccupied <> endiş
preoccupied <> kafas
preoccupy <> önce
preoccupy <> düşün
preoccupy <> endiş
preoccupy <> kafas
preoccupy <> zihni
preoccupying <> meşgu
preocular <> Preoc
preoperational <> Önces
preoperative <> preop
preoperatively <> preop
preordain <> önced
preordained <> önced
preovulatory <> preov
preoxygenation <> preok
prep <> özel
prep <> ev 
prep <> hazır
prepack <> önced
prepackage <> önced
prepackaged <> önced
prepackages <> ambal
prepackaging <> Hazır
prepacked <> önced
prepaid <> önced
preparation <> akort
preparation <> basur
preparation <> giriş
preparation <> hazır
preparations <> müsta
preparative <> hazır
preparator <> hazır
preparatory <> hazır
prepare <> düzme
prepare <> hazır
prepared <> hazır
preparedness <> hazır
preparer <> hazır
preparers <> hazır
prepares <> hazır
preparing <> hazır
prepay <> ön
prepay <> ön 
prepay <> önced
prepay <> peşin
prepaying <> ön
prepayment <> önced
prepayment <> peşin
prepayments <> ön 
prepending <> öncel
prepense <> önced
prepense <> kasıt
prepense <> tasar
preplaced <> prepa
preplanned <> önced
preplanning <> ön
preponderance <> çoğun
preponderance <> üstün
preponderance <> ağır
preponderance <> baskı
preponderance <> sayıc
preponderant <> üstün
preponderant <> ağır
preponderant <> baskı
preponderantly <> ağırl
preponderate <> üstün
preponderate <> ağır
preponderate <> baskı
preposition <> edat
preposition <> ilgeç
prepositional <> edat
prepositional <> edats
prepositioned <> konum
prepositions <> edatl
prepossess <> çekme
prepossess <> aklın
prepossess <> cezbe
prepossess <> etkil
prepossess <> kafas
prepossessing <> çekic
prepossessing <> alıml
prepossessing <> cazib
prepossession <> önyar
prepossession <> aklın
prepossession <> etki
prepossession <> kafay
prepossession <> taraf
preposterous <> akıl
preposterous <> akıls
preposterous <> mantı
prepotency <> baskı
prepotency <> güçlü
prepotency <> genet
prepotent <> baskı
prepotent <> etkin
prepotent <> güçlü
prepotent <> genet
preppy <> Bölüm
preprandial <> prepr
prepregs <> Prepr
preprint <> ön
preprint <> ön 
preprint <> prova
preprinted <> basıl
preprints <> Ön
preprocessed <> önişl
preprocessing <> önişl
preprocessor <> önişl
preproduction <> üreti
preprogrammed <> önced
preprosthetic <> prepr
preps <> Hazır
prepubescent <> ergen
prepuce <> penis
prepuce <> sünne
prepunched <> delik
preputial <> Sünne
prepyloric <> prepi
prequalification <> Ön ye
prerecorded <> önced
prerelease <> yayın
prerequisite <> önced
prerequisite <> önkoş
prerequisites <> önkoş
prerogative <> ayrıc
prerogative <> imtiy
prerogative <> kabil
prerogative <> yeten
prerogatives <> imtiy
presa <> Presa
presacral <> presa
presage <> önced
presage <> önsez
presage <> alâme
presage <> içine
presage <> kehan
presage <> malum
presales <> satış
presbyacusis <> presb
presbycusis <> presb
presbyopia <> presb
presbyopia <> yaşla
presbyopic <> presb
presbyopic <> yaşla
presbyter <> kilis
presbyter <> pisko
presbytery <> papaz
presbytery <> presb
preschool <> anaok
preschool <> okul
preschooler <> okul
preschoolers <> okulö
preschools <> anaok
prescience <> öngör
prescience <> önsez
prescience <> gelec
prescience <> ileri
prescient <> önsez
prescient <> gelec
prescient <> ileri
prescribe <> buyur
prescribe <> emret
prescribe <> ilaç
prescribe <> reçet
prescribe <> zaman
prescribed <> reçet
prescriber <> reçet
prescribers <> reçet
prescribes <> reçet
prescribing <> reçet
prescription <> emir
prescription <> ilaç
prescription <> reçet
prescription <> yöner
prescription <> zaman
prescriptions <> reçet
prescriptive <> öngör
prescriptive <> emred
prescriptive <> yapıl
prescriptive <> yerle
prescriptive <> zaman
prescriptively <> kural
preseason <> Prese
preselect <> Önced
preselected <> vurgu
preselection <> ön 
preselection <> kaba
preselections <> Ön se
presell <> Prese
presence <> ön
presence <> hazır
presence <> huzur
presence <> proto
presence <> tavır
presence <> varlı
presence <> varol
presence <> yapı
presences <> varlı
presenile <> prese
present <> çıkar
present <> şimdi
present <> şu 
present <> adı 
present <> aday
present <> armağ
present <> arzet
present <> belge
present <> bu
present <> bulun
present <> doğru
present <> halih
present <> hazır
present <> hediy
present <> ibraz
present <> ileri
present <> mevcu
present <> nişan
present <> ortay
present <> sahne
present <> sunma
present <> takdi
present <> tanıt
present <> verme
presentable <> şık 
presentable <> düzgü
presentable <> insan
presentable <> preze
presentable <> takdi
presentation <> aday
presentation <> armağ
presentation <> arz
presentation <> göste
presentation <> hediy
presentation <> ibraz
presentation <> kavra
presentation <> sahne
presentation <> sergi
presentation <> sunma
presentation <> sunuş
presentation <> takdi
presentation <> tanıt
presentation <> tavsi
presentations <> sunum
presentday <> günüm
presented <> sundu
presenter <> spike
presenter <> sunuc
presenters <> sunum
presentient <> önced
presentient <> önsez
presentiment <> önsez
presentiment <> içine
presentiment <> malum
presenting <> sunul
presenting <> takdi
presently <> şimdi
presently <> Halen
presently <> az 
presently <> biraz
presently <> hemen
presentment <> jüri
presentment <> oyun
presentment <> sahne
presentment <> senet
presentment <> sergi
presentment <> sunuş
presentment <> temsi
presents <> sunar
preservability <> korun
preservable <> konse
preservable <> korun
preservable <> sakla
preservation <> konse
preservation <> korum
preservation <> korun
preservation <> muhaf
preservation <> sakla
preservationism <> muhaf
preservationists <> korum
preservations <> resto
preservative <> bozul
preservative <> koruy
preservative <> preze
preservative <> sakla
preservatives <> koruy
preserve <> konse
preserve <> korum
preserve <> muhaf
preserve <> reçel
preserved <> korun
preserver <> konse
preserver <> koruc
preserver <> koruy
preserves <> konse
preserves <> korur
preserves <> reçel
preservice <> önces
preserving <> koruy
preset <> önced
presets <> hazır
presetting <> ön
preshrink <> önced
preshrink <> dokum
preside <> başka
preside <> yönet
presided <> başka
presidencies <> başka
presidency <> başka
presidency <> cumhu
president <> başka
president <> cumhu
president <> devle
president <> genel
president <> rektö
presidential <> başka
presidents <> başka
presidentship <> başka
presides <> başka
presiding <> başka
presidio <> Presi
presidium <> başba
presidium <> daimi
prespecified <> önced
press <> ütüle
press <> acele
press <> acil
press <> basın
press <> baskı
press <> basma
press <> cende
press <> izdih
press <> kalab
press <> matba
press <> menge
press <> pres
press <> presl
press <> sıkış
press <> sıkac
press <> sıkma
press <> toplu
press <> zorla
pressboard <> sunta
pressed <> ütüle
pressed <> presl
pressed <> sıkış
presser <> ütücü
presser <> baskı
presser <> matba
presser <> pres
presser <> presc
pressers <> Presl
presses <> presl
pressing <> ısrar
pressing <> acele
pressing <> acil
pressing <> baskı
pressing <> basma
pressing <> ivedi
pressing <> plak
pressing <> presl
pressing <> sıkış
pressing <> sıkma
pressing <> zımba
pressings <> Press
pressive <> Depre
pressly <> Press
pressman <> basım
pressman <> basın
pressman <> gazet
pressman <> matba
pressmark <> kitap
pressmen <> basın
pressroom <> basın
pressure <> basın
pressure <> baskı
pressure <> darlı
pressure <> pres
pressure <> sıkış
pressure <> sıkın
pressure <> tazyi
pressure <> zorla
pressured <> basın
pressureless <> basın
pressures <> basın
pressuring <> baskı
pressurisation <> Basın
pressurise <> âkıla
pressurise <> basın
pressurise <> baskı
pressurise <> sıkma
pressurised <> basın
pressurising <> basın
pressurization <> basın
pressurize <> âkıla
pressurize <> basın
pressurize <> baskı
pressurize <> sıkma
pressurized <> basın
pressurizing <> basın
presswork <> basıl
presswork <> basım
presswork <> matba
prest <> perst
prested <> Prest
prester <> Prest
prestidigitation <> el
prestidigitation <> el 
prestidigitation <> hokka
prestidigitator <> hokka
prestige <> ün
prestige <> itiba
prestige <> nüfuz
prestige <> prest
prestige <> saygı
prestigious <> ünlü
prestigious <> prest
prestigious <> saygı
prestigious <> tanın
presto <> çabuk
presto <> hızlı
prestress <> önger
prestressed <> önger
prestressing <> önger
presumable <> farze
presumable <> ihtim
presumable <> tahmi
presumably <> büyük
presumably <> galib
presumably <> herha
presumably <> muhte
presume <> farze
presume <> haddi
presume <> ihtim
presume <> tahmi
presume <> varsa
presumed <> tahmi
presumedly <> büyük
presumedly <> galib
presumedly <> herha
presumedly <> muhte
presumes <> varsa
presuming <> cüret
presuming <> haddi
presuming <> küsta
presuming <> kendi
presumption <> cüret
presumption <> farze
presumption <> haddi
presumption <> ihtim
presumption <> küsta
presumption <> karin
presumption <> olası
presumption <> tahmi
presumption <> varsa
presumption <> zan
presumptions <> karin
presumptive <> olası
presumptively <> karin
presumptuous <> cüret
presumptuous <> haddi
presumptuous <> küsta
presumptuous <> kendi
presuppose <> önced
presuppose <> başta
presupposed <> varsa
presupposes <> öngör
presupposing <> varsa
presupposition <> önced
presupposition <> tahmi
presurgical <> cerra
presymptomatic <> prese
presynaptic <> presi
pretax <> vergi
preteen <> on-on
pretence <> bahan
pretence <> hile
pretence <> iddia
pretence <> numar
pretence <> yalan
pretend <> Rol
pretend <> bahan
pretend <> hak 
pretend <> numar
pretend <> yalan
pretend <> yapar
pretended <> numar
pretended <> sahte
pretended <> yapma
pretender <> hak 
pretender <> istey
pretender <> tahta
pretender <> talip
pretenders <> hak
pretends <> miş
pretense <> bahan
pretense <> hile
pretense <> iddia
pretense <> numar
pretense <> yalan
pretenses <> prete
pretension <> göste
pretension <> iddia
pretension <> sav
pretension <> yükse
pretensioned <> geril
pretensioning <> Germe
pretensions <> iddia
pretention <> préte
pretentious <> göste
pretentious <> iddia
pretentious <> kendi
pretentious <> yükse
pretentiousness <> göste
preterit <> geçmi
preterite <> geçmi
preterites <> geçmi
preterms <> prema
preternatural <> anorm
preternatural <> doğaü
preternatural <> olağa
pretest <> öntes
pretested <> önced
pretesting <> ön
pretests <> ön
pretext <> bahan
pretext <> kulp
pretexts <> bahan
pretracheal <> pretr
pretreat <> önced
pretreated <> ön
pretreating <> önced
pretreatment <> Tedav
pretreatments <> sikis
pretrial <> ön 
prettier <> güzel
prettiest <> güzel
prettify <> aşırı
prettify <> güzel
prettify <> hoşla
prettily <> güzel
prettily <> hoş
prettily <> sevim
prettiness <> güzel
pretty <> çok
pretty <> bayağ
pretty <> cici
pretty <> epeyc
pretty <> güzel
pretty <> hayli
pretty <> hoş
pretty <> olduk
pretty <> sevim
pretty <> zarif
prettyprinting <> prett
pretzel <> pretz
pretzel <> tuzlu
pretzels <> tuzlu
prevail <> etkil
prevail <> galip
prevail <> hüküm
prevail <> yürür
prevail <> yaygı
prevail <> yenme
prevailed <> galip
prevailing <> cari
prevailing <> egeme
prevailing <> galip
prevailing <> geçer
prevailing <> genel
prevailing <> yaygı
prevails <> hakim
prevalence <> egeme
prevalence <> yaygı
prevalences <> preva
prevalent <> genel
prevalent <> hüküm
prevalent <> mevcu
prevalent <> yaygı
prevalently <> yaygı
prevaricate <> kaçam
prevaricate <> yalan
prevarication <> kaçam
prevarication <> yalan
prevaricator <> yalan
prevent <> önüne
prevent <> önden
prevent <> önlem
prevent <> engel
prevent <> menet
prevent <> yol 
preventability <> Önlen
preventable <> önlen
preventative <> önley
prevented <> engel
preventer <> önley
preventers <> önley
preventest <> PreVe
preventing <> önlen
prevention <> önlem
prevention <> önley
prevention <> engel
prevention <> korun
preventions <> önlem
preventive <> önlem
preventive <> önley
preventive <> koruy
preventives <> önley
prevents <> önler
previable <> previ
preview <> önizl
preview <> gala
previewed <> Önizl
previewer <> önizl
previewing <> önizl
previews <> önizl
previous <> öncek
previous <> eski
previous <> evvel
previous <> geçmi
previous <> sabık
previous <> zaman
previously <> önce
previously <> önced
previously <> bunda
previously <> evvel
prevision <> öngör
prevocational <> mesle
prevotella <> Prevo
prevue <> film
prewar <> savaş
prewash <> ön
prewashing <> ön
prewired <> Kablo
prewriting <> Yazım
prewritten <> önced
prex <> Prex
prey <> av
prey <> kurba
prey <> yağma
prey <> yem
preying <> yırtı
preys <> duala
priapism <> priap
price <> bedel
price <> değer
price <> eder
price <> fiyat
price <> paha
price <> para
priced <> fiyat
priceless <> çok 
priceless <> bir 
priceless <> matra
priceless <> paha
pricer <> Price
prices <> fiyat
pricey <> pahal
pricing <> fiyat
prick <> çük
prick <> delik
prick <> delin
prick <> delme
prick <> diken
prick <> dikme
prick <> iğne
prick <> iğnel
prick <> kalle
prick <> kamış
prick <> liste
prick <> penis
prick <> sızı
prick <> vicda
prick <> vurma
prick <> yaral
pricker <> delen
pricker <> delic
pricker <> diken
pricket <> boynu
pricket <> iki
pricket <> iki 
pricking <> iğnel
prickle <> batır
prickle <> diken
prickle <> iğnel
prickle <> karın
prickle <> sivri
prickles <> gıcık
prickly <> çabuk
prickly <> asabi
prickly <> diken
prickly <> huysu
prickly <> iğne
prickly <> karın
pricks <> azabı
pricy <> pahal
pride <> övünç
pride <> şeref
pride <> ağalı
pride <> aslan
pride <> azame
pride <> en 
pride <> göste
pride <> gurur
pride <> haysi
pride <> iftih
pride <> ihtiş
pride <> izzet
pride <> kıvan
pride <> kendi
pride <> kibir
pride <> onur
pride <> tafra
prideful <> gurur
prides <> gurur
priest <> keşiş
priest <> papaz
priest <> rahip
priestcraft <> papaz
priestess <> rahib
priestesses <> rahib
priesthood <> papaz
priesthood <> rahip
priesthoods <> rahip
priestly <> papaz
priests <> rahip
prig <> aşırm
prig <> bilgi
prig <> doğru
prig <> fazil
prig <> kendi
prig <> ukalâ
prig <> yürüt
priggish <> bilgi
priggish <> kendi
priggish <> ukalâ
prills <> zerre
prilocaine <> prilo
prim <> çok 
prim <> aşırı
prim <> kural
prim <> resmi
primacy <> öncel
primacy <> üstün
primacy <> başpi
primage <> ek
primage <> ek 
primal <> baş
primal <> ilk
primal <> ilkel
primality <> asall
primaquine <> prima
primaries <> prime
primarily <> öncel
primarily <> aslın
primarily <> başlı
primarily <> ilk 
primary <> ana
primary <> ana 
primary <> baş
primary <> başlı
primary <> birin
primary <> en 
primary <> ilk
primary <> temel
primary <> uçucu
primas <> Prima
primate <> başpi
primates <> maymu
primates <> prima
primatologist <> prima
prime <> ağızo
prime <> ana 
prime <> asal
prime <> astar
prime <> baş
prime <> başlı
prime <> başla
prime <> birin
prime <> en 
prime <> gençl
prime <> hayat
prime <> içiri
prime <> ilk
prime <> ilk 
prime <> mükem
prime <> olgun
prime <> söyle
prime <> savun
prime <> tulum
primed <> astar
primer <> ağızo
primer <> alfab
primer <> astar
primer <> ateşl
primer <> dua 
primer <> el 
primer <> falya
primer <> ilk 
primer <> kapsü
primer <> püskü
primers <> astar
primes <> asal
primeval <> ilk 
primeval <> ilkel
primidone <> primi
primigravidas <> primi
priming <> çalış
priming <> ağızo
priming <> astar
priming <> ateşl
priming <> macun
priming <> yoğun
primings <> gurub
primipara <> primi
primiparous <> primi
primitive <> basit
primitive <> ilk
primitive <> ilk 
primitive <> ilkel
primitive <> kök 
primitive <> primi
primitive <> yapma
primitively <> ilkel
primitiveness <> basit
primitiveness <> ilkel
primitives <> ilkel
primitivism <> ilkel
primitivism <> primi
primitivity <> ilkel
primness <> aşırı
primness <> resmi
primogenitor <> ilk 
primogeniture <> en 
primordia <> tasla
primordial <> başla
primordial <> en 
primordial <> ilk
primordial <> ilkel
primordium <> tasla
primos <> PRIMO
primp <> kendi
primp <> saçla
primp <> taran
primrose <> çuhaç
primrose <> yaban
primula <> çuhaç
primulaceae <> Primu
prince <> şehza
prince <> hüküm
prince <> prens
princedom <> prens
princedoms <> prens
princeling <> genç
princeling <> küçük
princely <> şahan
princely <> hatır
princely <> prens
princely <> soylu
princess <> prens
princesses <> prens
principal <> şef
principal <> ana
principal <> anama
principal <> anapa
principal <> asıl
principal <> baş
principal <> başka
principal <> belli
principal <> düell
principal <> esas
principal <> fail
principal <> müvek
principal <> okul
principal <> serma
principal <> temel
principalities <> Beyli
principality <> eyale
principality <> prens
principally <> öncel
principally <> özell
principally <> asıl
principally <> başlı
principals <> müdür
principi <> Princ
principia <> Princ
principial <> , Tem
principle <> ana
principle <> esas
principle <> ilke
principle <> köken
principle <> kaide
principle <> kayna
principle <> prens
principle <> tamam
principled <> prens
principles <> ilkel
prink <> giydi
prink <> giyin
prink <> süsle
print <> basıl
print <> baskı
print <> basma
print <> damga
print <> dergi
print <> desen
print <> empri
print <> işlem
print <> iz
print <> kalıp
print <> matba
print <> nüsha
print <> tab
print <> yayın
printable <> basıl
printable <> baskı
printed <> basıl
printed <> matbu
printer <> matba
printer <> print
printer <> yayın
printer <> yazıc
printers <> yazıc
printery <> basım
printery <> matba
printhead <> kafas
printheads <> kafal
printing <> baskı
printing <> basma
printing <> tab
printing <> tab 
printings <> baskı
printless <> baskı
printmaker <> grafi
printmaking <> baskı
printmakings <> Baskı
printout <> çıktı
printout <> print
printout <> yazıc
printouts <> çıktı
prints <> baskı
printworks <> Print
prions <> prion
prior <> önce
prior <> öncek
prior <> öncel
prior <> dini
prior <> eski
prior <> kıdem
prior <> manas
prior <> sabık
prior <> tarik
prioress <> manas
priori <> önsel
priorities <> öncel
prioritisation <> öncel
prioritisations <> öncel
prioritise <> öncel
prioritised <> öncel
prioritises <> öncel
prioritising <> öncel
prioritization <> öncel
prioritizations <> öncel
prioritize <> öncel
prioritized <> öncel
prioritizes <> öncel
prioritizing <> öncel
priority <> öncel
priority <> kıdem
priority <> rüçha
priorization <> öncel
priors <> önsel
priory <> manas
prise <> çok 
prise <> ödül
prise <> ödüle
prise <> değer
prise <> ganim
prise <> ikram
prise <> kaldı
prise <> mükâf
prise <> madal
prise <> maniv
prise <> su 
prise <> takdi
prise <> tam
prised <> değer
prising <> prizi
prism <> prizm
prismatic <> prizm
prismatical <> prizm
prismoidal <> prizm
prisms <> prizm
prison <> cezae
prison <> delik
prison <> hapis
prison <> hapse
prison <> kodes
prisoned <> esir
prisoner <> esir
prisoner <> hüküm
prisoner <> mahpu
prisoner <> tutsa
prisoner <> tutuk
prisoners <> mahku
prisoning <> mahku
prisons <> cezae
prissy <> aşırı
prissy <> fazil
prissy <> iffet
prissy <> kılı
pristine <> öncek
pristine <> bozul
pristine <> eski
pristine <> eskid
pristine <> ilk
pristine <> saf
privacy <> özel
privacy <> dokun
privacy <> gizli
privacy <> kişiy
privacy <> mahre
privacy <> yalnı
privatdozent <> priva
private <> Özel
private <> özel
private <> şahsi
private <> er
private <> gizli
private <> halka
private <> has
private <> kişis
private <> kişiy
private <> müsta
private <> mahre
private <> yalnı
privateer <> düşma
privateer <> hüküm
privateer <> korsa
privately <> özel
privates <> edep
privates <> erler
privates <> mahre
privation <> ihtiy
privation <> mahru
privation <> yoklu
privation <> yoksu
privatisation <> özell
privatisations <> özell
privatise <> özell
privatised <> özell
privatising <> özell
privative <> mahru
privative <> olums
privative <> yoksu
privatization <> özell
privatizations <> özell
privatize <> özell
privatized <> özell
privatizing <> özell
privet <> kurtb
privilege <> özel
privilege <> ayrıc
privilege <> dokun
privilege <> imtiy
privilege <> rüçha
privileged <> öncel
privileged <> ayrıc
privileged <> imtiy
privileged <> muaf
privileged <> seçki
privileges <> ayrıc
privileging <> ayrıc
privilegio <> Privi
privity <> özel
privity <> gizli
privity <> kişis
privity <> kişiy
privity <> ortak
privy <> özel
privy <> gizli
privy <> kapal
privy <> korun
privy <> mahre
privy <> ortak
privy <> saklı
privy <> tuval
prize <> çok 
prize <> ödül
prize <> ödüle
prize <> değer
prize <> ganim
prize <> ikram
prize <> kaldı
prize <> mükâf
prize <> madal
prize <> maniv
prize <> su 
prize <> takdi
prize <> tam
prized <> değer
prizefighter <> ödül
prizes <> ödüll
prizewinner <> Ödülü
pro <> fahiş
pro <> için
pro <> lehin
pro <> lehte
pro <> orosp
pro <> profe
pro <> taraf
proaches <> yakla
proactive <> proak
proactively <> proak
proanthocyanidin <> proan
probabilistic <> olası
probabilistically <> olası
probabilities <> olası
probability <> ihtim
probability <> olası
probable <> akla
probable <> mümkü
probable <> makul
probable <> muhte
probable <> olası
probably <> belki
probably <> galib
probably <> muhte
probably <> olası
proband <> Proba
probands <> proba
probate <> vasiy
probation <> denem
probation <> göz 
probation <> staj
probational <> Sınam
probationary <> denem
probationer <> göz 
probationer <> gözet
probationer <> stajy
probations <> dene
probative <> delil
probative <> ispat
probative <> kanıt
probe <> araşt
probe <> deşme
probe <> derin
probe <> iskan
probe <> mil
probe <> sonda
probe <> soruş
probenecid <> probe
prober <> Probe
probers <> Probe
probes <> probl
probing <> sonda
probiotic <> probi
probiotics <> probi
probit <> istat
probity <> dürüs
probity <> doğru
probity <> namus
problem <> bilin
problem <> mesel
problem <> muamm
problem <> probl
problem <> sorun
problematic <> şüphe
problematic <> kuşku
problematic <> sorun
problematical <> şüphe
problematical <> kuşku
problematical <> sorun
problematically <> kuşku
problematically <> sorun
problematics <> sorun
problematize <> sorun
problematized <> sorun
problematizes <> sorun
problematizing <> sorun
problems <> sorun
proboscidea <> Probo
proboscidean <> Probo
proboscis <> fil 
proboscis <> hortu
proboscis <> uzun
proboscises <> hortu
procainamide <> proka
procaine <> proka
procarbazine <> proka
procarcinogens <> proka
procaryotes <> Proka
procaryotic <> proka
procedural <> prose
procedural <> yargı
procedurally <> prose
procedure <> işlem
procedure <> muame
procedure <> prose
procedure <> usul
procedure <> yönte
procedure <> yargı
procedures <> prose
proceed <> dava
proceed <> davra
proceed <> devam
proceed <> dokto
proceed <> giriş
proceed <> ilerl
proceeded <> devam
proceeding <> davra
proceeding <> harek
proceeding <> işlem
proceeding <> muame
proceeding <> yönte
proceedings <> dava
proceedings <> kovuş
proceedings <> takib
proceedings <> tutan
proceeds <> gelir
proceeds <> getir
proceeds <> kazan
process <> çıkın
process <> özel
process <> aşama
process <> alaya
process <> dava
process <> gidiş
process <> işlem
process <> süreç
process <> usul
process <> yönle
process <> yönte
processability <> işlen
processable <> işlen
processed <> işlen
processes <> süreç
processibility <> işlen
processing <> işlem
processing <> imal
processing <> sıral
processing <> yönle
procession <> alay
procession <> geçit
procession <> kafil
procession <> tören
processional <> alay
processional <> alaya
processional <> ayind
processional <> toplu
processionary <> Kese
processions <> alayı
processor <> işlem
processor <> işley
processor <> tamam
processors <> işlem
proclaim <> beyan
proclaim <> bildi
proclaim <> duyur
proclaim <> ilan
proclaimed <> dekla
proclaimed <> ilan
proclaimers <> Procl
proclaiming <> ilan
proclaims <> ilan
proclamation <> beyan
proclamation <> bildi
proclamation <> duyur
proclamation <> ilan
proclamations <> bildi
proclivity <> eğili
proclivity <> meyil
proclivity <> yatkı
procollagen <> proko
proconsul <> genel
proconsul <> vali
proconsulate <> genel
proconsulate <> valil
procrastinate <> ağırd
procrastinate <> ertel
procrastinate <> gecik
procrastinate <> oyala
procrastination <> ağırd
procrastination <> ertel
procrastination <> gecik
procrastination <> oyala
procrastinator <> Procr
procreant <> doğur
procreant <> verim
procreate <> üretm
procreate <> doğur
procreate <> yarat
procreation <> üretm
procreation <> doğur
procreation <> meyda
procreative <> üretk
procreative <> doğur
procreative <> verim
procreative <> yarat
procreator <> ürete
procreator <> doğur
procreator <> yarat
procrustean <> zorba
procrustean <> zorla
proctitis <> prokt
proctocolectomy <> prokt
proctocolitis <> prokt
proctological <> prokt
proctology <> Prokt
proctor <> dava
proctor <> disip
proctors <> gözet
proctoscope <> prokt
proctoscopy <> prokt
procurable <> bulun
procurable <> sağla
procuration <> aracı
procuration <> sağla
procuration <> tedar
procuration <> vekâl
procure <> üretm
procure <> bulma
procure <> elde
procure <> neden
procure <> pezev
procure <> sağla
procure <> temin
procured <> tedar
procurement <> üreti
procurement <> bulma
procurement <> tedar
procurement <> temin
procurements <> alıml
procurer <> bulan
procurer <> kadın
procurer <> muhab
procurer <> pezev
procurer <> sağla
procures <> temin
procuress <> kadın
procuress <> mama
procuring <> bulma
procuring <> muhab
procuring <> pezev
procuring <> sağla
procuring <> temin
procyanidin <> prosi
procyanidins <> prosi
procyon <> Procy
procyonidae <> Procy
prod <> çivil
prod <> özend
prod <> üvend
prod <> biz
prod <> dürtm
prod <> eşya
prod <> kışkı
prod <> teşvi
prodding <> bu
prodigal <> çok
prodigal <> bol
prodigal <> müsri
prodigal <> savur
prodigal <> tutum
prodigality <> bollu
prodigality <> israf
prodigality <> savur
prodigalize <> hesap
prodigalize <> israf
prodigalize <> saçıp
prodigals <> aşırı
prodigious <> şaşıl
prodigious <> harik
prodigious <> kocam
prodigious <> müthi
prodigious <> olağa
prodigiously <> müthi
prodigy <> dahi
prodigy <> harik
prodigy <> muciz
prodigy <> olağa
prodrome <> prodr
prodromes <> haber
prodromos <> Prodr
prodrug <> önila
produce <> ürün
produce <> üretm
produce <> göste
produce <> mahsu
produce <> neden
produce <> ortay
produce <> sahne
produce <> sonuç
produce <> verme
produce <> yönet
produce <> yapma
produce <> yayın
produce <> yetiş
produced <> üreti
producer <> üreti
producer <> prodü
producer <> yönet
producer <> yapım
producer <> yetiş
producers <> üreti
produces <> üreti
producibility <> üreti
producible <> üreti
producible <> sahne
producible <> yapıl
producing <> ürete
producing <> üretk
producing <> üretm
producing <> verim
product <> çarpı
product <> ürün
product <> mahsu
product <> meyve
product <> sonuç
producted <> üreti
producting <> üreti
production <> üreti
production <> üretm
production <> eser
production <> imal
production <> yapım
production <> yapıt
productional <> üreti
productions <> yapım
productive <> üretk
productive <> berek
productive <> kârlı
productive <> kazan
productive <> verim
productive <> yarat
productively <> verim
productivities <> verim
productivity <> kâr g
productivity <> prodü
productivity <> verim
productivity <> yarat
products <> Ürünl
proem <> önsöz
proem <> başla
proem <> giriş
prof <> profe
profanation <> kutsa
profane <> dinle
profane <> dinsi
profane <> kâfir
profane <> laik
profane <> putpe
profanes <> şeref
profanities <> küfür
profanity <> ağzı
profanity <> küfür
profanity <> kaba
profanity <> kutsa
profess <> öğret
profess <> açıkç
profess <> icra
profess <> iddia
profess <> itira
profess <> profe
profess <> yapma
professed <> açıkç
professed <> açık
professed <> iddia
professed <> itira
professed <> sözde
professedly <> açıkç
professedly <> açıkt
professedly <> güya
professedly <> iddia
professedly <> itira
professedly <> sözde
professes <> itira
profession <> açıkl
profession <> beyan
profession <> iş
profession <> inanc
profession <> kelim
profession <> mesle
profession <> sanat
profession <> uğraş
profession <> uzman
profession <> yemin
professional <> aziml
professional <> fikir
professional <> karar
professional <> müteh
professional <> mesle
professional <> para
professional <> profe
professional <> uzman
professionalisation <> Profe
professionalised <> profe
professionalism <> profe
professionalization <> profe
professionalize <> profe
professionalized <> profe
professionally <> profe
professionals <> profe
professions <> mesle
professor <> itira
professor <> profe
professorial <> profe
professoriate <> profe
professors <> profe
professorship <> kürsü
professorship <> profe
professorships <> profe
proffer <> öneri
proffer <> önerm
proffer <> sunma
proffer <> tekli
proffered <> Sunul
proficiencies <> yeter
proficiency <> ehliy
proficiency <> ustal
proficiency <> yeter
proficient <> ehliy
proficient <> usta
proficient <> uzman
proficient <> yeter
proficiently <> ileri
profile <> özgeç
profile <> Profi
profile <> biyog
profile <> kesit
profile <> profi
profile <> yüzün
profiled <> profi
profiles <> profi
profiling <> profi
profilometer <> profi
profit <> çıkar
profit <> fayda
profit <> getir
profit <> kâr
profit <> kâr e
profit <> kâr g
profit <> kazan
profit <> menfa
profit <> yaram
profit <> yarar
profitability <> karlı
profitable <> fayda
profitable <> kârlı
profitable <> kazan
profitable <> yarar
profitableness <> fayda
profitableness <> kârlı
profitably <> karlı
profited <> kâr
profiteer <> çıkar
profiteer <> fırsa
profiteer <> voliy
profiteer <> vurgu
profiteering <> vurgu
profiteers <> vurgu
profiterole <> profi
profiteroles <> profi
profiting <> kar
profitless <> fayda
profitless <> kârsı
profitless <> yarar
profitmaximizing <> kâr
profits <> kar
profitted <> fayda
profligacy <> çapkı
profligacy <> hovar
profligacy <> sefah
profligate <> çapkı
profligate <> ahlak
profligate <> edeps
profligate <> hovar
profligate <> müsri
profligate <> savur
profound <> çok 
profound <> şidde
profound <> adama
profound <> bilge
profound <> derin
profound <> içe 
profound <> içine
profoundly <> derin
profoundness <> derin
profoundness <> hikme
profundity <> derin
profundity <> hikme
profuse <> çok
profuse <> bol
profuse <> cömer
profuse <> eli 
profuse <> müsri
profuse <> savur
profusely <> bol
profusely <> bol 
profusely <> bolca
profuseness <> bollu
profusion <> berek
profusion <> bollu
profusion <> israf
profusion <> savur
prog <> dava
prog <> disip
prog <> prog
prog <> yiyec
progenies <> dölle
progenitive <> ürün
progenitor <> önce
progenitor <> ata
progenitor <> cet
progenitor <> dede
progenitor <> oriji
progenitors <> atala
progenitress <> büyük
progenitress <> nine
progeniture <> döl
progeniture <> meyda
progeny <> ürün
progeny <> döl
progeny <> evlat
progeny <> kuşak
progeny <> soy
progestational <> proge
progesterone <> proge
progesterones <> proge
progestins <> proge
progestogen <> Proge
progestogens <> proge
prognathism <> progn
prognathous <> sivri
prognose <> progn
prognoses <> öngör
prognosis <> hasta
prognosis <> progn
prognostic <> belir
prognostic <> işare
prognostic <> kehan
prognostic <> progn
prognostic <> sonuc
prognosticate <> önced
prognosticate <> belir
prognosticate <> kehan
prognosticate <> tahmi
prognostication <> alâme
prognostication <> belir
prognostication <> işare
prognostication <> kehan
prognostication <> tahmi
prognosticators <> progn
prograde <> progr
program <> göste
program <> plan
program <> planl
program <> progr
program <> yapım
program <> yazıl
programable <> progr
programed <> progr
programing <> progr
programma <> progr
programmability <> progr
programmable <> progr
programmatic <> progr
programmatically <> progr
programme <> göste
programme <> plan
programme <> planl
programme <> progr
programme <> yapım
programme <> yazıl
programmed <> progr
programmer <> progr
programmer <> yazıl
programmers <> progr
programmes <> progr
programming <> progr
programs <> progr
progress <> devam
progress <> devle
progress <> geliş
progress <> ileri
progress <> ilerl
progress <> kalkı
progress <> resmi
progress <> yükse
progressed <> ilerl
progresses <> ilerl
progressing <> ilerl
progression <> devam
progression <> dizi
progression <> geçiş
progression <> ilerl
progression <> sıra
progressionist <> ileri
progressions <> ilerl
progressist <> ileri
progressive <> derec
progressive <> devam
progressive <> geliş
progressive <> ileri
progressive <> ilerl
progressive <> kadem
progressively <> artan
progressively <> derec
progressively <> devam
progressively <> ilerl
progressiveness <> ileri
progressives <> ileri
progressivism <> ileri
progressivity <> aşama
progs <> Progs
prohibit <> önüne
prohibit <> önlem
prohibit <> engel
prohibit <> menet
prohibit <> olana
prohibit <> yasak
prohibited <> yasak
prohibiting <> yasak
prohibition <> içki
prohibition <> yasak
prohibitionist <> içki
prohibitions <> yasak
prohibitive <> engel
prohibitive <> fahiş
prohibitive <> yanın
prohibitive <> yasak
prohibitory <> engel
prohibitory <> fahiş
prohibitory <> yanın
prohibitory <> yasak
prohibits <> yasak
prohormone <> proho
project <> çıkık
project <> çıkın
project <> atmak
project <> fırla
project <> iz 
project <> plan
project <> planl
project <> proje
project <> tasar
project <> yansı
projected <> Yansı
projectile <> atıcı
projectile <> atma
projectile <> fırla
projectile <> itici
projectile <> kurşu
projectile <> mermi
projectile <> roket
projectiles <> mermi
projecting <> proje
projection <> çıkın
projection <> atış
projection <> fırla
projection <> göste
projection <> izdüş
projection <> planl
projection <> proje
projection <> tasar
projection <> yansı
projectionist <> göste
projectionist <> proje
projectionist <> sinem
projections <> proje
projective <> yansı
projectively <> proje
projector <> fırla
projector <> film
projector <> planl
projector <> proje
projector <> sinem
projectors <> proje
projects <> proje
prokaryote <> Proka
prokaryotes <> proka
prokaryotic <> proka
prokes <> Proke
prolactin <> prola
prolapse <> kayma
prolapse <> organ
prolapse <> sarkm
prolapse <> yerin
prolapsed <> prola
prolapses <> prola
prolapsing <> prola
prolapsus <> organ
prolapsus <> sarkm
prolate <> yayık
prolate <> yayva
prolative <> uzata
prolative <> yayan
prole <> emekç
prole <> işçi
prole <> prole
prolegomena <> önsöz
prolepses <> meyda
prolepsis <> erken
proleptic <> ileri
proletarian <> emekç
proletarian <> işçi
proletarian <> prole
proletarians <> prole
proletariat <> emekç
proletariat <> işçi
proletariat <> prole
proletariate <> emekç
proletariate <> işçi
proletariate <> prole
proletariats <> işçi
proletary <> Prole
prolicide <> çoçuğ
prolicide <> bebek
prolidase <> proli
proliferate <> çoğal
proliferate <> üreme
proliferate <> tomur
proliferated <> çoğal
proliferating <> çoğal
proliferation <> çabuk
proliferation <> çoğal
proliferation <> üreme
proliferation <> tomur
proliferations <> proli
proliferative <> proli
proliferous <> üreme
prolific <> çabuk
prolific <> üretk
prolific <> doğur
prolific <> verim
prolificacy <> berek
prolificacy <> bollu
prolificacy <> verim
prolificness <> berek
prolificness <> bollu
prolificness <> verim
proline <> proli
prolix <> bitme
prolix <> sözü
prolix <> sonu
prolix <> uzun
prolixity <> söz 
proll <> Pröll
prolog <> önsöz
prolog <> başla
prolog <> giriş
prolog <> prolo
prologue <> önsöz
prologue <> başla
prologue <> giriş
prologue <> prolo
prologuize <> önsöz
prologuize <> giriş
prolong <> sürdü
prolong <> temdi
prolong <> uzatm
prolongable <> uzatı
prolongated <> uzamı
prolongation <> temdi
prolongation <> uzama
prolongation <> uzatı
prolongation <> uzatm
prolongations <> uzama
prolonged <> uzatı
prolonged <> uzatm
prolonged <> uzun
prolonges <> uzatm
prolonging <> uzata
prolongs <> uzatı
prolymphocytic <> prole
prom <> ayakt
prom <> balo
prom <> gezin
prom <> okul
prom <> plaj
promastigotes <> proma
promenade <> gezdi
promenade <> gezi
promenade <> gezin
promenade <> gezme
promenade <> mesir
promenade <> okul
promenaded <> Gezdi
promenades <> gezin
prometal <> Prome
prometaphase <> prome
promethazine <> prome
prominence <> çıkın
prominence <> öne 
prominence <> önem
prominence <> ün
prominence <> şöhre
prominence <> burun
prominence <> tümse
prominences <> çıkın
prominent <> çıkık
prominent <> önde
prominent <> öneml
prominent <> ünlü
prominent <> belir
prominent <> belli
prominent <> fırla
prominent <> göze
prominent <> seçki
prominently <> belir
promiscuity <> önüne
promiscuity <> geliş
promiscuity <> herke
promiscuity <> karış
promiscuous <> önüne
promiscuous <> ayırı
promiscuous <> geliş
promiscuous <> herke
promiscuous <> karış
promiscuous <> karma
promiscuous <> rasge
promiscuous <> seçic
promise <> benze
promise <> söz
promise <> söz 
promise <> temin
promise <> umut
promise <> umutl
promise <> vâât
promised <> söz
promisee <> söz
promisee <> söz 
promisee <> vââdd
promises <> vaat
promising <> ümit
promising <> gelec
promising <> umut
promising <> yeten
promisingly <> vaat
promisor <> söz
promisor <> söz 
promisor <> vâât
promissory <> emre
promissory <> taahh
promissory <> vâât
promo <> promo
promo <> reklâ
promontory <> çıkın
promontory <> burun
promontory <> dağlı
promos <> tanıt
promote <> önaya
promote <> düzen
promote <> deste
promote <> kurma
promote <> organ
promote <> sınıf
promote <> terfi
promote <> yükse
promoted <> terfi
promoter <> önaya
promoter <> düzen
promoter <> deste
promoter <> eleba
promoter <> giriş
promoter <> kuruc
promoter <> menej
promoter <> organ
promoter <> teşvi
promoters <> rehbe
promotes <> teşvi
promoting <> teşvi
promotion <> artır
promotion <> kurma
promotion <> mevki
promotion <> piyon
promotion <> promo
promotion <> rütbe
promotion <> reklâ
promotion <> sınıf
promotion <> tanıt
promotion <> terfi
promotion <> yükse
promotional <> Promo
promotional <> kurma
promotional <> kurul
promotional <> reklâ
promotional <> terfi
promotional <> yükse
promotions <> promo
promotive <> teşvi
prompt <> çabuk
prompt <> dakik
prompt <> harek
prompt <> hazır
prompt <> hemen
prompt <> istem
prompt <> nakit
prompt <> suflö
prompt <> sufle
prompt <> tık 
prompt <> tam
prompt <> teşvi
prompt <> tez
prompt <> vade
prompt <> yönle
prompted <> İsten
prompter <> önaya
prompter <> suflö
prompter <> tahri
prompter <> teşvi
prompting <> ilham
prompting <> sorma
prompting <> telki
promptitude <> çabuk
promptitude <> dakik
promptitude <> hızlı
promptitude <> sürat
promptly <> acile
promptly <> derha
promptly <> tez
promptness <> çabuk
promptness <> dakik
promptness <> hızlı
promptness <> sürat
prompts <> istem
proms <> PEHA
promulgate <> resme
promulgate <> yayın
promulgate <> yayma
promulgated <> ilan
promulgation <> ilan
promulgation <> resmi
promulgation <> yayın
promulgation <> yayma
promulgations <> duyur
promyelocytic <> promi
pronation <> prona
prone <> başaş
prone <> eğiml
prone <> meyil
prone <> yüzük
prone <> yatkı
prone <> yokuş
proneness <> eğili
proneness <> eğilm
proneness <> eğiml
proneness <> meyil
proneness <> yüzük
pronest <> ProNe
prong <> çatal
prong <> boynu
prong <> sivri
prong <> yaba
pronged <> çatal
pronominal <> adıl
pronominal <> zamir
pronoun <> adıl
pronoun <> zamir
pronounce <> bildi
pronounce <> duyur
pronounce <> fikri
pronounce <> ilan
pronounce <> ileri
pronounce <> söyle
pronounce <> telâf
pronounce <> telaf
pronounced <> bariz
pronounced <> belir
pronounced <> kesin
pronouncement <> beyan
pronouncement <> karar
pronouncement <> resmi
pronouncements <> genel
pronounces <> telaf
pronouncing <> telaf
pronouns <> zamir
pronto <> çabuk
pronto <> derha
pronto <> hemen
pronunciamiento <> muhtı
pronunciation <> söyle
pronunciation <> telâf
pronunciation <> telaf
pronunciations <> telaf
proof <> alkol
proof <> dayan
proof <> delil
proof <> denem
proof <> emin
proof <> geçir
proof <> ispat
proof <> kanıt
proof <> prova
proof <> sağla
proof <> senet
proofer <> prova
proofing <> geçir
proofing <> prova
proofness <> geçir
proofread <> prova
proofreader <> düzel
proofreader <> musah
proofreaders <> prova
proofreading <> düzel
proofs <> delil
prop <> atın
prop <> dayak
prop <> dayam
prop <> dayan
prop <> deste
prop <> payan
prop <> perva
prop <> sahne
prop <> yasla
propafenone <> propa
propaganda <> propa
propagandas <> propa
propagandising <> propa
propagandist <> propa
propagandistic <> propa
propagandists <> propa
propagandize <> propa
propagandized <> propa
propagandizing <> propa
propagate <> çoğal
propagate <> üreme
propagate <> üretm
propagate <> bulaş
propagate <> propa
propagate <> yavru
propagate <> yayma
propagated <> yayıl
propagates <> yayar
propagating <> yayıl
propagation <> çoğal
propagation <> üreme
propagation <> yavru
propagation <> yayıl
propagation <> yayma
propagations <> çoğal
propagator <> ürete
propagator <> üreye
propagator <> bulaş
propagator <> propa
propagator <> yayan
propane <> propa
propanediol <> propa
proparacaine <> propa
propargyl <> propa
propel <> ileri
propel <> itmek
propel <> sevke
propellant <> itici
propellant <> uzay
propellants <> Prope
propelled <> itmel
propellent <> itici
propeller <> perva
propellers <> perva
propelling <> iten
propelling <> itici
propellor <> perva
propene <> prope
propensities <> eğili
propensity <> eğili
propensity <> istek
propensity <> meyil
proper <> özel
proper <> adama
proper <> doğru
proper <> gerçe
proper <> iyice
proper <> münas
proper <> tam
proper <> terbi
proper <> uygun
proper <> yerin
properly <> adama
properly <> düzgü
properly <> doğru
properly <> haklı
properly <> iyice
properly <> tamam
properly <> uygun
propers <> PROPE
propertied <> varlı
propertied <> zengi
properties <> özell
properties <> sahne
property <> özell
property <> eşya
property <> emlâk
property <> mülk
property <> mal
property <> nitel
property <> sahne
property <> serve
property <> varlı
prophase <> profa
prophecies <> kehan
prophecy <> kehan
prophecy <> tahmi
prophesied <> kehan
prophesy <> önced
prophesy <> gelec
prophesy <> kehan
prophesy <> vahiy
prophesying <> peyga
prophet <> Hazre
prophet <> kâhin
prophet <> peyga
prophet <> resul
prophetess <> peyga
prophetesses <> kahin
prophethood <> Peyga
prophetic <> kâhin
prophetic <> kehan
prophetic <> peyga
prophetical <> kâhin
prophetical <> kehan
prophetical <> peyga
prophetically <> kehan
prophetism <> peyga
prophets <> peyga
prophy <> profi
prophylactic <> önley
prophylactic <> koruy
prophylactically <> profi
prophylaxis <> hasta
prophylaxis <> korun
propidium <> propi
propinquity <> akrab
propinquity <> benze
propinquity <> yakın
propionate <> propi
propionates <> propi
propionibacterium <> Propi
propionic <> propi
propionyl <> propi
propiophenone <> propi
propitiate <> gönlü
propitiate <> yatış
propitiation <> kefar
propitiation <> teski
propitiation <> yatış
propitiatory <> yatış
propitious <> bağış
propitious <> elver
propitious <> hayır
propitious <> müsai
propitious <> merha
propitious <> uğurl
propitious <> uygun
propitiously <> propi
propitiously <> uygun
propitiousness <> uygun
propjet <> turbo
proplast <> Propl
proponent <> önere
proponent <> taraf
proponent <> tekli
proponent <> yanlı
proponents <> savun
proportion <> ayarl
proportion <> mikta
proportion <> nicel
proportion <> nispe
proportion <> oran
proportion <> oranl
proportion <> orant
proportion <> pay
proportion <> simet
proportion <> uyum
proportional <> nispi
proportional <> orana
proportional <> oranl
proportional <> orant
proportional <> uygun
proportionality <> orant
proportionally <> orant
proportionate <> orant
proportionately <> orant
proportioned <> orant
proportioner <> oranl
proportioners <> oranl
proportioning <> oranl
proportions <> oranl
proposal <> önerg
proposal <> öneri
proposal <> önerm
proposal <> evlen
proposal <> plan
proposal <> tasar
proposal <> tasav
proposal <> tekli
proposals <> öneri
propose <> önerm
propose <> evlen
propose <> getir
propose <> içmek
propose <> ileri
propose <> niyet
propose <> sorma
propose <> tasar
propose <> tekli
proposed <> Öneri
proposer <> önere
proposer <> tekli
proposes <> önerd
proposing <> tekli
proposition <> öneri
proposition <> önerm
proposition <> cümle
proposition <> iş 
proposition <> ifade
proposition <> mesel
proposition <> plan
proposition <> sav
proposition <> sorun
proposition <> tekli
proposition <> uygun
propositional <> önerm
propositions <> önerm
propound <> önerm
propound <> arzet
propound <> ileri
propound <> onaya
propound <> ortay
propound <> tekli
propounded <> ortay
propping <> yasla
proprietaries <> Serbe
proprietary <> özel
proprietary <> şahsi
proprietary <> hisse
proprietary <> kişiy
proprietary <> mülki
proprietary <> müsec
proprietary <> mal 
proprietary <> tesci
proprieties <> adap
proprieties <> görgü
proprietor <> mülk
proprietor <> mal
proprietor <> mal 
proprietor <> sahip
proprietors <> sahip
proprietorship <> mülki
proprietress <> mülk
proprietress <> mal 
propriety <> adetl
propriety <> uygun
propriety <> yerin
proprioception <> propr
proprioceptive <> propr
props <> bacak
props <> deste
props <> sahne
proptosis <> propt
propulse <> itici
propulsion <> ileri
propulsion <> itme
propulsion <> yürüt
propulsive <> itici
propulsive <> yürüt
propyl <> propi
propylaeum <> Propy
propylene <> propi
propylite <> Pirop
propylparaben <> propi
prorate <> eşit
prorated <> hesap
prorogation <> ara 
prorogation <> tatil
prorogue <> ara 
prorogue <> tatil
pros <> Profe
pros <> lehte
prosaic <> şiirs
prosaic <> bayağ
prosaic <> düzya
prosaic <> sırad
prosaic <> yavan
proscenium <> perde
proscenium <> sahne
proscribe <> sürgü
proscribe <> yasak
proscribe <> yasal
proscribed <> yasak
proscribes <> yasak
proscription <> sürgü
proscription <> sürme
proscription <> yasak
proscription <> yasal
proscriptive <> yasak
prose <> çevir
prose <> şiirs
prose <> can 
prose <> düzya
prose <> nesir
prose <> sıkıc
prose <> yavan
prosecutable <> kesin
prosecute <> dava
prosecute <> devam
prosecute <> ilerl
prosecute <> kovuş
prosecute <> sürdü
prosecute <> savcı
prosecute <> takip
prosecute <> yürüt
prosecute <> yasal
prosecuted <> dava
prosecutes <> yargı
prosecuting <> davac
prosecution <> dava
prosecution <> devam
prosecution <> ilerl
prosecution <> kovuş
prosecution <> sürdü
prosecution <> takip
prosecutions <> kovuş
prosecutor <> davac
prosecutor <> savcı
prosecutorial <> savcı
prosecutors <> savcı
proselyte <> dönme
proselyte <> din
proselyte <> din 
proselyte <> inanç
proselytising <> misyo
proselytism <> din 
proselytism <> dini
proselytize <> din 
proselytize <> dinin
proselytize <> kendi
proselytizing <> misyo
prosencephalic <> prose
prosencephalon <> prose
proser <> Prose
prosiness <> sıkıc
prosiness <> yavan
prosodic <> proso
prosody <> ölçü
prosody <> vezin
prospect <> ümit
prospect <> arama
prospect <> bekle
prospect <> görün
prospect <> ihtim
prospect <> maden
prospect <> manza
prospect <> muhte
prospect <> olası
prospect <> umut
prospected <> öngör
prospecting <> prosp
prospection <> prosp
prospective <> gelec
prospective <> müsta
prospective <> muhte
prospective <> olası
prospectively <> prosp
prospector <> maden
prospectors <> Araşt
prospects <> umutl
prospectus <> proje
prospectus <> prosp
prospectus <> tanıt
prospectus <> tarif
prospectuses <> prosp
prosper <> başar
prosper <> geliş
prosper <> iyi 
prosper <> yolun
prosper <> zengi
prospered <> zengi
prosperity <> başar
prosperity <> bollu
prosperity <> gönen
prosperity <> refah
prosperity <> zengi
prosperous <> şansl
prosperous <> başar
prosperous <> elver
prosperous <> kazan
prosperous <> refah
prosperous <> uygun
prosperous <> yolun
prosperous <> zengi
prospers <> Prosp
prost <> Prost
prostacyclin <> prost
prostaglandins <> prost
prostanoids <> prost
prostata <> Prost
prostate <> prost
prostatectomy <> prost
prostates <> prost
prostatic <> prost
prostatism <> prost
prostatitis <> prost
prostheses <> prote
prosthesis <> önses
prosthesis <> öntür
prosthesis <> prote
prosthesis <> takma
prosthetic <> prote
prosthetics <> prote
prosthetist <> prote
prosthetists <> prote
prosthodontic <> prote
prosthodontics <> prote
prosthodontics <> takma
prosthodontists <> Prost
prostitute <> fahiş
prostitute <> kötü
prostitute <> orosp
prostituted <> rezil
prostitutes <> Fahiş
prostituting <> fahiş
prostitution <> fahiş
prostitution <> fuhuş
prostitution <> orosp
prostrate <> ayağı
prostrate <> bitki
prostrate <> halsi
prostrate <> periş
prostrate <> yüzük
prostrate <> yere
prostrate <> yorma
prostrated <> secde
prostrates <> yere
prostrating <> secde
prostration <> bezgi
prostration <> bitki
prostration <> halsi
prostration <> secde
prostration <> yere
prostration <> yerle
prostrations <> secde
prostyle <> prost
prosy <> bıktı
prosy <> sıkıc
prosy <> yavan
protagonism <> önder
protagonist <> önaya
protagonist <> eleba
protagonist <> kahra
protagonists <> kahra
protamin <> Prota
protamine <> prota
protanopia <> prota
protea <> Prote
protean <> dönek
protean <> değiş
proteas <> Prote
protease <> prote
proteases <> prote
proteasome <> prote
protect <> gözet
protect <> himay
protect <> kayır
protect <> korum
protect <> muhaf
protect <> sahip
protect <> savun
protectable <> korun
protectant <> Koruy
protectants <> Koruy
protected <> korum
protected <> korun
protected <> muhaf
protecting <> koruy
protecting <> sahip
protection <> önlem
protection <> haraç
protection <> himay
protection <> kayır
protection <> korum
protection <> korun
protection <> muhaf
protection <> tedbi
protectionism <> ithal
protectionism <> korum
protectionism <> yerli
protectionist <> ithal
protectionist <> korum
protectionists <> korum
protections <> korum
protective <> korum
protective <> koruy
protective <> sahip
protectively <> korun
protectiveness <> koruy
protectives <> koruy
protector <> hami
protector <> koruy
protector <> kral
protectorate <> büyük
protectorate <> hamil
protectorate <> kral
protectorates <> prote
protectors <> koruy
protectress <> kadın
protectress <> koruy
protects <> korur
protege <> kayır
protege <> korun
proteges <> kollu
protein <> prote
proteinaceous <> prote
proteinase <> prote
proteinases <> prote
proteinoids <> prote
proteinosis <> prote
proteins <> prote
proteinuria <> prote
proteoglycan <> prote
proteoglycans <> prote
proteolysis <> prote
proteolytic <> prote
proteose <> prote
protest <> iddia
protest <> ihtar
protest <> itira
protest <> karşı
protest <> prote
protest <> redde
protest <> temin
protestant <> Prote
protestants <> Prote
protestation <> iddia
protestation <> itira
protestation <> prote
protestations <> itira
protested <> prote
protester <> göste
protester <> itira
protester <> prote
protesters <> Prote
protesting <> karşı
protesting <> prote
protestor <> mızık
protestors <> Prote
protests <> prote
proteus <> değiş
proteus <> mağar
protheses <> prote
prothesis <> önses
prothesis <> prote
prothesis <> takma
prothrombin <> protr
protista <> tek 
protists <> proti
protium <> bayağ
protium <> proti
protocatechuic <> proto
protocol <> proto
protocol <> resmi
protocol <> tutan
protocolled <> göre
protocols <> proto
protoculture <> Proto
protogeometric <> Proto
protohistoric <> Proto
protolith <> ilkse
protoliths <> ilkse
proton <> proto
protonated <> proto
protonating <> proto
protonation <> proto
protonic <> proto
protons <> proto
protopapas <> Proto
protophyte <> tek 
protoplasm <> ilk 
protoplasm <> proto
protoplasmic <> proto
protoplasts <> proto
protoporphyria <> proto
protoporphyrin <> proto
protostome <> ilkel
prototype <> asıl
prototype <> ilk 
prototype <> oriji
prototype <> proto
prototyped <> Proto
prototypes <> proto
prototypic <> proto
prototyping <> proto
protozoa <> tek
protozoa <> tek 
protozoology <> Proto
protozoon <> tek 
protozoons <> Proto
protract <> iletk
protract <> küçük
protract <> süres
protract <> uzatm
protracted <> müzmi
protracted <> sürün
protracted <> uzatm
protracted <> uzun
protraction <> iletk
protraction <> uzama
protraction <> uzatm
protractor <> açıöl
protractor <> iletk
protractor <> uzatı
protrude <> çıkın
protrude <> dışar
protrude <> pırtl
protruded <> fırla
protrudes <> çıkın
protruding <> çıkın
protruding <> dışa
protruding <> fırla
protruding <> pörtl
protrusion <> çıkın
protrusion <> çıkar
protrusion <> çıkma
protrusions <> çıkın
protrusive <> çıkın
protrusive <> dışa
protrusive <> fırla
protuberance <> çıkın
protuberance <> şişli
protuberance <> kabar
protuberance <> tümse
protuberance <> yumru
protuberant <> çıkık
protuberant <> çıkın
protuberant <> şiş
protuberant <> dışa
protuberant <> tümse
proud <> şeref
proud <> azame
proud <> görke
proud <> gurur
proud <> kabar
proud <> kibir
proud <> mağru
proud <> onurl
prouder <> gurur
proudest <> gurur
proudly <> övüne
proudly <> gurur
proudly <> iftih
proudly <> kıvan
proudly <> mağru
proudly <> onurl
provable <> ispat
provable <> kanıt
prove <> çıkma
prove <> anlaş
prove <> denem
prove <> göste
prove <> ispat
prove <> kanıt
prove <> ortay
prove <> sınam
prove <> sağla
prove <> tecrü
proved <> oldu
provement <> düzel
proven <> denen
proven <> kanıt
proven <> suçu
provenance <> asıl
provenance <> köken
provenance <> kayna
provenance <> menşe
provenances <> oriji
provencial <> İl
provender <> hayva
provender <> yem
provender <> yiyec
proverb <> atasö
proverbial <> atasö
proverbial <> bilin
proverbial <> meşhu
proverbs <> atasö
proves <> kanıt
provide <> önlem
provide <> şart
provide <> hazır
provide <> ihtiy
provide <> karşı
provide <> koşul
provide <> sağla
provide <> temin
provided <> sağla
providence <> Allah
providence <> hazır
providence <> ihtiy
providence <> kader
providence <> takdi
providence <> tasar
providence <> tedbi
providence <> tutum
provident <> hazır
provident <> ihtiy
provident <> tasar
provident <> tutum
providential <> şansl
providential <> Allah
providential <> hızır
providential <> kısme
providentially <> Allah
providentially <> hızır
providentially <> kısme
providently <> hazır
providently <> idare
providently <> tedbi
providently <> tutum
provider <> bakan
provider <> geçin
provider <> karşı
provider <> sağla
providers <> sağla
provides <> sağla
providing <> şartı
providing <> eğer
providing <> koşul
providing <> sağla
province <> branş
province <> iş 
province <> il
province <> uzman
province <> vilây
province <> yetki
provinces <> il
provincial <> dar 
provincial <> dini
provincial <> görgü
provincial <> geri
provincial <> il
provincial <> köylü
provincial <> taşra
provincialism <> taşra
provinciality <> taşra
provincializing <> taşra
provine <> Provi
proving <> denem
proving <> deney
proving <> kanıt
provision <> önlem
provision <> hüküm
provision <> hazır
provision <> kanun
provision <> karşı
provision <> koşul
provision <> sağla
provision <> yargı
provision <> yedek
provisional <> geçic
provisional <> kesin
provisionally <> geçic
provisionary <> Karşı
provisioned <> sağla
provisioner <> Provi
provisioning <> provi
provisions <> erzak
provisions <> hüküm
provisions <> karşı
provisions <> malze
provisions <> yedek
provisions <> yiyec
proviso <> şart
proviso <> hüküm
proviso <> koşul
proviso <> madde
provisory <> şarta
provisory <> şartl
provisory <> geçic
provitamins <> provi
provocateur <> kışkı
provocateur <> provo
provocateur <> tahri
provocateurs <> provo
provocation <> kışkı
provocation <> kızıl
provocation <> kızdı
provocation <> provo
provocation <> tahri
provocations <> provo
provocative <> çıkar
provocative <> kışkı
provocative <> neden
provocative <> provo
provocative <> tahri
provocative <> uyand
provocatively <> kışkı
provocator <> tahri
provoke <> çıkar
provoke <> üstün
provoke <> kışkı
provoke <> kızış
provoke <> kızdı
provoke <> neden
provoke <> sebep
provoke <> tahri
provoke <> uyand
provoked <> kışkı
provokes <> kışkı
provoketh <> uyand
provoking <> çıkar
provoking <> çekil
provoking <> can 
provoking <> katla
provoking <> neden
provoking <> provo
provoking <> uyand
provolone <> Provo
provost <> beled
provost <> dekan
provost <> dini
provost <> inzib
provost <> müdür
provost <> okul
prow <> gemin
prow <> pruva
prowess <> cesar
prowess <> kahra
prowess <> yiğit
prowl <> fırsa
prowl <> kolaç
prowl <> sinsi
prowled <> dolaş
prowler <> fırsa
prowler <> sinsi
prowling <> sinsi
proxied <> vekal
proxies <> yakın
proximal <> organ
proximal <> proks
proximally <> proks
proximate <> en 
proximate <> hemen
proximate <> yakın
proximate <> yakla
proximities <> yakın
proximity <> yakın
proximo <> gelec
proxy <> vekâl
proxy <> vekil
proxying <> proxy
prozone <> prozo
prude <> aşırı
prude <> erdem
prudence <> öngör
prudence <> akıl
prudence <> ihtiy
prudence <> sağdu
prudence <> sağgö
prudent <> ihtiy
prudent <> sağdu
prudent <> sağgö
prudent <> tedbi
prudent <> tutum
prudential <> gelec
prudential <> ihtiy
prudential <> ileri
prudential <> sağdu
prudential <> tedbi
prudential <> tutum
prudentially <> basir
prudently <> ihtiy
prudery <> aşırı
prudery <> iffet
prudery <> namus
prudhomme <> Prudh
prudish <> aşırı
prudish <> erdem
prudish <> iffet
prune <> ahmak
prune <> budal
prune <> budam
prune <> istis
prune <> kısal
prune <> kesme
prune <> kuru
prune <> muaf
pruned <> Silin
prunella <> anjin
prunella <> boğaz
prunella <> karam
prunelle <> üryan
prunelle <> erik
prunelle <> kuru
pruner <> buday
pruners <> makas
prunes <> kuru
pruning <> budam
prunings <> budam
prurience <> şehve
prurience <> arzu
prurience <> cinse
pruriency <> şehve
pruriency <> arzu
pruriency <> cinse
prurient <> şehve
prurient <> arzul
pruritic <> kaşın
pruritis <> kaşın
pruritus <> kaşın
prussian <> Prusy
prussians <> Prusy
prussiate <> asit
pry <> burnu
pry <> dikiz
pry <> gözet
pry <> kaldı
pry <> kopar
pry <> maniv
pry <> merak
pry <> zorla
prying <> merak
pryor <> Pryor
psalm <> ilahi
psalm <> mezmu
psalmist <> Davut
psalmist <> zebur
psalmody <> mezmu
psalms <> sala
psalter <> mezmu
psalter <> zebur
psalterium <> kırkb
psaltery <> santu
pseudarthrosis <> psödo
pseudo <> sözde
pseudoaneurysm <> psödo
pseudoaneurysms <> psödo
pseudoarthrosis <> psödo
pseudoautosomal <> pseud
pseudobulbar <> psödo
pseudocholinesterase <> psödo
pseudocode <> yalan
pseudocodes <> Sözde
pseudocyst <> psödo
pseudocysts <> psödo
pseudoephedrine <> psödo
pseudoexfoliation <> psödo
pseudoexfoliative <> psödo
pseudofractures <> pseud
pseudogene <> psödo
pseudogenes <> psödo
pseudogout <> psödo
pseudohermaphrodite <> yalan
pseudohermaphrodites <> yalan
pseudohermaphroditism <> pseud
pseudohypertrophy <> psödo
pseudohypoaldosteronism <> psödo
pseudohypoparathyroidism <> yalan
pseudoleucite <> psödo
pseudologia <> Pseud
pseudolymphoma <> psödo
pseudomembranes <> psödo
pseudomembranous <> psödo
pseudomonad <> Pseud
pseudomonads <> Pseud
pseudomorphic <> psödo
pseudomorphs <> pseud
pseudomyxoma <> Mikro
pseudonym <> takma
pseudonym <> yazar
pseudonymity <> takma
pseudonymous <> takma
pseudonyms <> takma
pseudopelade <> Pseud
pseudophakia <> psödo
pseudoplastic <> psödo
pseudorandom <> rasts
pseudosarcomatous <> psödo
pseudoscientific <> sahte
pseudoseizure <> Yalan
pseudoseizures <> yalan
pseudostratified <> yalan
pseudotsuga <> Pseud
pseudotumour <> psödo
pseudotumours <> psödo
pseudoxanthoma <> psödo
pshaw <> öf
pshaw <> of
pshaw <> püf
psilocin <> psilo
psilocybin <> psilo
psilomelane <> psilo
psilosis <> saçla
psion <> Psion
psittacidae <> papağ
psittacosaurus <> Psitt
psora <> sedef
psoralea <> Psora
psoralens <> psora
psoriasis <> sedef
psoriatic <> psori
psst <> hişt
pst <> hişt
pst <> pst
psts <> PST
psychasthenia <> psika
psyche <> akıl
psyche <> ruh
psychedelic <> hayal
psychedelic <> psych
psychedelic <> sanrı
psychedelics <> psych
psychiatric <> psiki
psychiatrical <> psiki
psychiatrically <> psiki
psychiatrics <> Psiki
psychiatrist <> akıl
psychiatrist <> psiki
psychiatrists <> psiki
psychiatry <> akıl
psychiatry <> psiki
psychic <> medyu
psychic <> parap
psychic <> psişi
psychic <> ruhan
psychic <> ruhsa
psychical <> psişi
psychical <> ruhsa
psychically <> psişi
psychics <> medyu
psychism <> psiko
psychoacoustic <> Psiko
psychoacoustical <> bantl
psychoactive <> psiko
psychoanalysis <> psika
psychoanalysis <> ruhsa
psychoanalyst <> psika
psychoanalysts <> psika
psychoanalytic <> psika
psychoanalytical <> psika
psychoanalytically <> psika
psychobabble <> Psych
psychobiological <> psiko
psychobiology <> Psiko
psychodrama <> psiko
psychodramatic <> psiko
psychodynamic <> psiko
psychodynamically <> Psiko
psychodynamics <> psiko
psychogenetics <> psiko
psychogenic <> psiko
psychograph <> psiko
psychographic <> psiko
psychographics <> Yaşam
psychohistorical <> psiko
psychohistory <> psiko
psychokinesis <> Telek
psycholinguistic <> psiko
psychologic <> psiko
psychologic <> ruhbi
psychologic <> ruhsa
psychological <> psiko
psychological <> ruhbi
psychological <> ruhsa
psychologically <> psiko
psychologies <> psiko
psychologist <> psiko
psychologist <> ruhbi
psychologists <> psiko
psychologize <> ruhsa
psychologizing <> psiko
psychology <> psiko
psychology <> ruh 
psychology <> ruhbi
psychometric <> psiko
psychometrical <> psiko
psychometrically <> psiko
psychometricians <> psiko
psychometrics <> psiko
psychometry <> psiko
psychomotor <> psiko
psychonauts <> Psych
psychoneuroimmunological <> psiko
psychoneuroimmunology <> Psiko
psychoneurosis <> Nevro
psychopath <> psiko
psychopath <> ruh 
psychopathia <> Psych
psychopathic <> psiko
psychopathic <> ruh 
psychopathologic <> psiko
psychopathological <> psiko
psychopathologies <> psiko
psychopathology <> psiko
psychopaths <> psiko
psychopathy <> psiko
psychopharmacologic <> psiko
psychopharmacological <> psiko
psychopharmacology <> psiko
psychophysical <> psiko
psychophysics <> psiko
psychophysiologic <> psiko
psychophysiological <> psiko
psychophysiology <> psiko
psychoses <> psiko
psychosexual <> psiko
psychosis <> psiko
psychosis <> ruhsa
psychosocial <> psiko
psychosocially <> psiko
psychosomatic <> psiko
psychosomatics <> Psiko
psychostimulant <> psiko
psychostimulants <> psiko
psychosynthesis <> Psiko
psychotechnics <> psiko
psychotherapeutic <> psiko
psychotherapies <> psiko
psychotherapist <> Psiko
psychotherapists <> psiko
psychotherapy <> psiko
psychotic <> psiko
psychoticism <> psiko
psychotics <> psiko
psychotronic <> psiko
psychotropic <> psiko
psychotropics <> psiko
psychrometric <> psikr
psychrometry <> psiko
psychrophilic <> psikr
psyllium <> Psyll
psyops <> PO
ptarmigan <> karta
pteria <> Pteri
pteridology <> eğrel
pteridophyta <> Pteri
pteridophyte <> eğrel
pterocarya <> Ptero
pterocles <> Ptero
pterodactyl <> Ptero
pteropsida <> Ptero
pterygia <> pterj
pterygium <> pterj
pterygopalatine <> pteri
ptomaine <> bozul
ptosis <> organ
ptosis <> sarkm
pub <> bar
pub <> birah
pub <> meyha
pubarche <> Pubar
puberty <> buluğ
puberty <> buluş
puberty <> ergen
puberty <> ergin
pubes <> cinse
pubes <> kasık
pubescence <> ergin
pubescence <> tüyle
pubescent <> ergin
pubescent <> tüylü
pubic <> kasık
pubis <> kasık
public <> aleni
public <> amme
public <> bar
public <> birah
public <> devle
public <> genel
public <> halk
public <> halka
public <> kamu
public <> milli
public <> seyir
public <> ulusa
public <> umumi
publically <> herke
publican <> barcı
publican <> birah
publican <> hancı
publican <> vergi
publicans <> görev
publication <> duyur
publication <> ilan
publication <> neşri
publication <> yayın
publications <> yayın
publicise <> halka
publicise <> ilan
publicise <> reklâ
publicised <> kamuy
publicising <> duyur
publicist <> gazet
publicist <> polit
publicist <> reklâ
publicists <> gazet
publicity <> şöhre
publicity <> açıkl
publicity <> propa
publicity <> reklâ
publicity <> tanın
publicity <> tanıt
publicize <> halka
publicize <> ilan
publicize <> reklâ
publicized <> kamuy
publicizes <> kamuo
publicizing <> duyur
publicly <> alene
publicness <> kamus
publics <> halkl
publish <> çıkar
publish <> basma
publish <> duyur
publish <> ilan
publish <> ileri
publish <> kamuo
publish <> ortay
publish <> yayın
publish <> yayma
publishable <> duyur
published <> yayın
publisher <> editö
publisher <> yayım
publishers <> yayın
publishes <> yayım
publishing <> yayın
publishings <> yayın
publishment <> yayım
publishments <> yayın
pubovaginal <> pubov
pubs <> pub
puce <> mor
puck <> afaca
puck <> buz 
puck <> cin
puck <> yaram
pucka <> birin
pucka <> en 
pucka <> gerçe
pucka <> hakik
pucker <> büzgü
pucker <> büzme
pucker <> buruş
pucker <> heyec
pucker <> kırış
pucker <> telaş
pucker <> velve
puckish <> şakac
puckish <> afaca
puckish <> cin 
puckish <> muzip
pucks <> diskl
pud <> önaya
pud <> el
pud <> pudin
pudding <> pudin
puddings <> pudin
puddle <> çamur
puddle <> çiş 
puddle <> gölcü
puddle <> gölet
puddle <> işeme
puddle <> külçe
puddle <> kumlu
puddle <> sıva
puddle <> sıvac
puddle <> sıvam
puddle <> su
puddle <> su 
puddle <> tavla
puddled <> tavla
puddler <> külçe
puddler <> sıvac
puddles <> Puddl
puddling <> tavla
pudency <> alçak
pudency <> mahçu
pudency <> utang
pudenda <> dişi
pudenda <> kadın
pudenda <> vulva
pudent <> alçak
pudent <> mütev
pudent <> mahçu
pudent <> utang
pudge <> Pudge
pudgy <> bodur
pudgy <> tıkna
pudgy <> tombi
pudgy <> tombu
pudsey <> Pudse
pudu <> Pudu
puerile <> çocuk
puerile <> boş
puerility <> çocuk
puerperal <> doğum
puerperium <> lohus
puff <> öve 
puff <> övmek
puff <> üfürü
puff <> üf
puff <> üflem
puff <> şişir
puff <> şişli
puff <> şişme
puff <> aşırı
puff <> abart
puff <> bukle
puff <> esint
puff <> kabar
puff <> lüle
puff <> nefes
puff <> püf
puff <> püfle
puff <> pudra
puff <> puf
puff <> puf 
puff <> soluğ
puff <> tüttü
puff <> telle
puffball <> kurtm
puffballs <> ponpo
puffed <> şişmi
puffed <> nefes
puffed <> soluğ
puffer <> öve 
puffer <> üfley
puffer <> aşırı
puffer <> kirpi
puffer <> lokom
puffer <> püfle
pufferfish <> Puffe
puffery <> şişir
puffery <> aşırı
puffin <> martı
puffiness <> şişki
puffiness <> şişli
puffiness <> aşırı
puffiness <> kabar
puffiness <> süslü
puffing <> üflem
puffing <> şişir
puffing <> şişme
puffing <> açık
puffing <> abart
puffins <> Puffi
puffs <> ponpo
puffy <> üfley
puffy <> şişir
puffy <> şişki
puffy <> şişmi
puffy <> abart
puffy <> esint
puffy <> görke
puffy <> kaba
puffy <> kabar
puffy <> püfür
puffy <> rüzgâ
puffy <> tıkne
puffy <> tanta
pug <> ayak
pug <> boksö
pug <> buldo
pug <> kille
pug <> pati
pug <> tuğla
puggy <> Puggy
pugilism <> boksö
pugilist <> boksö
pugnacious <> hırçı
pugnacious <> kavga
pugnacity <> hırçı
pugnacity <> kavga
pugs <> Pug
puh <> PUH
puisne <> ikici
puisne <> ikinc
puisne <> rütbe
puissant <> kudre
puissant <> muazz
puke <> istif
puke <> kusma
puke <> kustu
pukka <> birin
pukka <> gerçe
pukka <> hakik
pukka <> kalit
pukka <> lüks
pulcher <> Pulch
pulchritude <> güzel
pulchritude <> zaraf
pulchritudinous <> güzel
pulchritudinous <> zarif
pule <> çocuk
pule <> ağlam
pule <> mızır
pule <> zırla
puli <> Puli
pulis <> Pulis
pulk <> Pulk
pull <> Çekin
pull <> çekiş
pull <> çekic
pull <> çekim
pull <> çekme
pull <> çevir
pull <> arka
pull <> asılm
pull <> etki
pull <> fırt
pull <> gelme
pull <> girme
pull <> harek
pull <> içmek
pull <> iltim
pull <> kürek
pull <> kalkm
pull <> kayır
pull <> kenar
pull <> nüfuz
pull <> nefes
pull <> teşvi
pull <> torpi
pull <> yolma
pull <> zahme
pullback <> geri
pullback <> sözün
pulldown <> açıla
pulled <> çekti
puller <> çekti
pullers <> Elcik
pullet <> piliç
pullets <> yarka
pulley <> kasna
pulley <> makar
pulley <> palan
pulleys <> kasna
pulling <> çeken
pullman <> Pullm
pullman <> konfo
pullman <> pulma
pullman <> yatak
pullout <> çekil
pullover <> kazak
pullover <> pulov
pullover <> süvet
pullovers <> kazak
pulls <> çeker
pullulate <> çıkma
pullulate <> çimle
pullulate <> çoğal
pullulate <> üreme
pullulate <> dalla
pullulate <> filiz
pullulate <> türem
pullulate <> tomur
pullulate <> topra
pulmonalis <> pulmo
pulmonary <> akciğ
pulmonate <> akciğ
pulmonic <> akciğ
pulp <> özünü
pulp <> öz
pulp <> değer
pulp <> et
pulp <> etli
pulp <> kâğıt
pulp <> küspe
pulp <> lâpa
pulp <> lapa
pulp <> meyve
pulp <> püre
pulp <> sulu
pulp <> topak
pulp <> ucuz
pulpal <> pulpa
pulped <> halin
pulper <> kâğıt
pulper <> küspe
pulpers <> Kağıt
pulping <> delig
pulpit <> ileti
pulpit <> kürsü
pulpit <> kontr
pulpit <> minbe
pulpit <> pruva
pulpit <> yelke
pulpiteer <> polit
pulpiteer <> vaiz
pulpitis <> pulpi
pulpits <> minbe
pulps <> pulpl
pulpy <> özlü
pulpy <> etli
pulpy <> hamur
pulpy <> lapa
pulpy <> yumuş
pulsar <> titre
pulsars <> pulsa
pulsate <> çarpm
pulsate <> atmak
pulsate <> titre
pulsate <> zonkl
pulsates <> yanıp
pulsatile <> vurma
pulsatility <> pulsa
pulsatilla <> çiçeğ
pulsating <> nabız
pulsating <> titre
pulsation <> kâlp
pulsation <> nabız
pulsation <> titre
pulsations <> pulsa
pulsator <> pulsa
pulsators <> pulsa
pulse <> çarpm
pulse <> atmak
pulse <> bakla
pulse <> bakli
pulse <> eğili
pulse <> nabız
pulse <> niyet
pulse <> titre
pulse <> vuruş
pulsed <> darbe
pulseless <> nabız
pulselessness <> nabız
pulser <> Pulse
pulses <> bakli
pulsing <> darbe
pultrusion <> pultr
pulverised <> pulve
pulveriser <> Pulve
pulverisers <> püskü
pulverising <> Pulve
pulverization <> ezme
pulverization <> haşat
pulverization <> püskü
pulverization <> serpm
pulverization <> toz 
pulverization <> un 
pulverize <> ezmek
pulverize <> haşat
pulverize <> mahve
pulverize <> püskü
pulverize <> toz 
pulverize <> ufala
pulverize <> un 
pulverize <> zerre
pulverized <> pulve
pulverizer <> pulva
pulverizer <> toz 
pulverous <> tozlu
pulverulent <> toz 
pulverulent <> tozla
pulverulent <> tozlu
pulverulent <> ufala
pulvinate <> yastı
pulvinated <> yastı
puma <> dağas
puma <> puma
pumas <> puma
pumice <> sünge
pummel <> vurma
pummel <> yumru
pummelled <> pumme
pummelling <> pumme
pump <> şişir
pump <> ağız
pump <> ağzın
pump <> ayakk
pump <> dans
pump <> hava
pump <> inip
pump <> nefes
pump <> papuç
pump <> pompa
pump <> tulum
pumpability <> pompa
pumpage <> pompa
pumped <> pompa
pumpernickel <> çavda
pumping <> pompa
pumping <> tulum
pumpkin <> balka
pumpkin <> helva
pumpkin <> kabak
pumpkinhead <> Pumpk
pumpkins <> kabak
pumpkinseed <> kabak
pumps <> pompa
pumps <> toplu
pun <> cinas
pun <> kelim
pun <> lasti
puna <> Puna
punch <> şişma
punch <> baskı
punch <> biz
punch <> biz 
punch <> bodur
punch <> delge
punch <> delgi
punch <> güç
punch <> kısa
punch <> kart
punch <> kuvve
punch <> meyve
punch <> muşta
punch <> punch
punch <> sertç
punch <> tıkna
punch <> vurma
punch <> yumru
punch <> zımba
punchbag <> boks
punchbags <> Boks
punchball <> boks
punchball <> yumru
punched <> delik
punched <> zımba
puncheon <> çatı
puncheon <> büyük
puncher <> boksö
puncher <> delge
puncher <> kavga
puncher <> kovbo
puncher <> zımba
punchers <> Perfo
punches <> yumru
punchier <> yumru
punchin <> Yumru
punching <> delme
punchline <> Punch
punctate <> benek
punctated <> nokta
punctation <> benek
punctation <> nokta
punctations <> nokta
punctilio <> aşırı
punctilio <> tören
punctilio <> titiz
punctilious <> aşırı
punctilious <> meras
punctilious <> resmi
punctiliousness <> aşırı
punctiliousness <> meras
punction <> ponks
punctual <> dakik
punctuality <> dakik
punctually <> zaman
punctuate <> araya
punctuate <> lâfın
punctuate <> nokta
punctuate <> sözün
punctuated <> nokta
punctuation <> lâfa
punctuation <> nokta
punctuation <> sözün
punctuationist <> sıçra
punctuations <> nokta
punctuators <> nokta
punctum <> punkt
puncture <> boşa
puncture <> delin
puncture <> delme
puncture <> patla
puncture <> yıkma
punctured <> delin
punctures <> delik
puncturing <> delin
pundit <> Hintl
pundit <> alim
pundit <> bilgi
pundits <> uzman
pung <> Pung
pungency <> acılı
pungency <> keski
pungency <> sertl
pungent <> acı
pungent <> dokun
pungent <> keski
pungent <> sert
pungent <> sivri
puniness <> çelim
puniness <> önems
puniness <> cılız
puniness <> sıska
puniness <> zayıf
puning <> Punin
punish <> azarl
punish <> ceza
punish <> cezal
punish <> dövme
punish <> dayak
punish <> hırpa
punish <> silip
punish <> yalay
punishable <> cezal
punishable <> cezay
punished <> ceza
punisher <> Punis
punishers <> Punis
punishes <> cezal
punishing <> cezal
punishment <> ağır
punishment <> ceza
punishment <> cezal
punishment <> eziye
punishment <> hırpa
punishment <> sert
punishment <> yükle
punishment <> zahme
punishments <> cezal
punitive <> ceza
punitive <> cezal
punk <> çürük
punk <> çetec
punk <> acemi
punk <> boş
punk <> boş 
punk <> değer
punk <> kalit
punk <> kav
punk <> pankç
punk <> punk
punk <> saçma
punk <> serse
punk <> toy
punk <> zırva
punkin <> Punki
punks <> serse
punnet <> meyve
puns <> sözcü
punster <> cinas
punster <> kelim
punt <> bahse
punt <> kumar
punt <> sırık
punt <> tekne
punt <> topa
punter <> bahis
punter <> kumar
punter <> müşte
punters <> bahis
puntos <> punto
puny <> cılız
puny <> geliş
puny <> sıska
puny <> zayıf
pup <> delik
pup <> doğur
pup <> köpek
pup <> kurt
pup <> yavru
pup <> züppe
pupa <> başka
pupa <> kriza
pupa <> pupa
pupae <> pupa
pupal <> pupa
pupate <> pupa
pupation <> pupa
pupil <> çırak
pupil <> öğren
pupil <> gözbe
pupil <> stajy
pupil <> vesay
pupilage <> öğren
pupilage <> vasiy
pupilary <> öğren
pupilary <> gözbe
pupilary <> vasiy
pupillar <> pupil
pupillary <> öğren
pupillary <> gözbe
pupillary <> vasiy
pupils <> Öğren
puppet <> kukla
puppeteers <> Puppe
puppetry <> kukla
puppets <> kukla
puppy <> delik
puppy <> köpek
puppy <> kurt
puppy <> yavru
puppy <> züppe
puppyhood <> delik
puppyhood <> gençl
pups <> yavru
pur <> hırıl
pur <> kedi
pur <> mırıl
pur <> mır 
pur <> mırla
pur <> pur
pur <> tatlı
purana <> Puran
puranas <> Puran
purblind <> anlay
purblind <> dar 
purblind <> manka
purblind <> yarı
purchasable <> alına
purchasable <> satın
purchase <> alım
purchase <> dayan
purchase <> elde
purchase <> etki
purchase <> kaldı
purchase <> kazan
purchase <> mübay
purchase <> makar
purchase <> maniv
purchase <> mekan
purchase <> nüfuz
purchase <> sıkı
purchase <> satın
purchase <> topra
purchase <> vesil
purchaseable <> satıl
purchased <> satın
purchaser <> alıcı
purchaser <> müşte
purchasers <> alıcı
purchases <> alıml
purchasing <> satın
purdah <> kaçgö
purdah <> kadın
purdah <> peçe
purdue <> Purdu
pure <> arı
pure <> katış
pure <> katık
pure <> katkı
pure <> kuram
pure <> lekes
pure <> namus
pure <> pak
pure <> sırf
pure <> sade
pure <> saf
pure <> safka
pure <> salt
pure <> temiz
pure <> teori
pureblood <> safka
pureblooded <> cins
pureblooded <> safka
purebred <> cins
purebred <> safka
puree <> ezme
puree <> püre
pureeing <> püre
purees <> pürel
purely <> ancak
purely <> sırf
purely <> sadec
purely <> safça
purely <> saf 
purely <> yalnı
pureness <> saflı
purer <> saf
purest <> saf
purfle <> kenar
purfling <> kenar
purfling <> süslü
purgation <> bağır
purgation <> günah
purgation <> temiz
purgative <> bağır
purgative <> ishal
purgative <> müshi
purgative <> temiz
purgatorial <> temiz
purgatory <> araf
purgatory <> günah
purge <> aklam
purge <> arınd
purge <> bağır
purge <> isten
purge <> müshi
purge <> tasfi
purge <> temiz
purged <> tasfi
purger <> pürjö
purges <> tasfi
purging <> tasfi
puri <> Puri
purification <> arıtm
purification <> tasfi
purification <> temiz
purifications <> safla
purificatory <> arıtı
purificatory <> temiz
purified <> safla
purifier <> arıtı
purifier <> arıtm
purifier <> temiz
purifiers <> temiz
purifies <> arınd
purify <> arınd
purify <> arınm
purify <> arıtı
purify <> arıtm
purify <> saf 
purify <> temiz
purifying <> temiz
purim <> Purim
purin <> pürin
purine <> pürin
purines <> pürin
purism <> arı 
purism <> dilde
purist <> dilde
purists <> titiz
puritan <> aşırı
puritan <> bağna
puritan <> pürit
puritan <> tutuc
puritanical <> bağna
puritanical <> geric
puritanical <> pürit
puritanical <> tutuc
puritanism <> pürit
puritans <> Pürit
purities <> saflı
purity <> arılı
purity <> iffet
purity <> namus
purity <> saflı
purity <> temiz
purl <> çağıl
purl <> şırıl
purl <> girda
purl <> kenar
purl <> nakış
purl <> oya 
purl <> sıcak
purl <> ters
purler <> düşüş
purler <> devir
purler <> kötü
purler <> yıkıc
purlieu <> hudut
purlieu <> sınır
purlieus <> çevre
purlieus <> civar
purlieus <> etraf
purlin <> çatı
purling <> aşık
purlins <> aşıkl
purloin <> çalın
purloin <> aşırm
purloin <> eser
purloin <> yürüt
purloiner <> eser
purloiner <> hırsı
purple <> ahlak
purple <> erguv
purple <> kötü
purple <> kardi
purple <> krala
purple <> krali
purple <> mor
purple <> mora
purple <> morum
purple <> sinir
purpleness <> morlu
purples <> morla
purplish <> mora
purplish <> morum
purport <> anlam
purport <> belir
purport <> demek
purport <> iddia
purport <> ifade
purport <> manâ
purport <> meram
purported <> sözde
purports <> iddia
purpose <> amaç
purpose <> amaçl
purpose <> azim
purpose <> gaye
purpose <> kasıt
purpose <> kaste
purpose <> maksa
purpose <> mesaj
purpose <> niyet
purpose <> tasar
purpose <> veril
purposed <> amaçl
purposedly <> bile
purposedly <> inadı
purposedly <> kasıt
purposedly <> kaste
purposedly <> mahsu
purposeful <> amaçl
purposeful <> anlam
purposeful <> kasıt
purposeful <> maksa
purposeful <> niyet
purposefully <> biler
purposefulness <> amaçl
purposeless <> amaçs
purposeless <> anlam
purposeless <> boş
purposely <> bile
purposely <> inadı
purposely <> kasıt
purposely <> kaste
purposely <> mahsu
purposes <> amaçl
purposing <> sunma
purposive <> amaca
purposive <> kulla
purposive <> maksa
purpura <> domuz
purpura <> purpu
purpuric <> purpu
purr <> hırıl
purr <> mırıl
purr <> mır 
purr <> mırla
purr <> tatlı
purring <> hırıl
purse <> çanta
purse <> ödül
purse <> cüzda
purse <> el 
purse <> kese
purse <> para
pursed <> büzdü
purser <> muhas
purses <> cüzda
purslane <> semiz
pursuance <> devam
pursuance <> ifa
pursuance <> sürdü
pursuance <> takip
pursuance <> uygul
pursuance <> yapma
pursuance <> yerin
pursuant <> göre
pursuant <> uygun
pursuant <> yerin
pursue <> devam
pursue <> izlem
pursue <> koval
pursue <> peşin
pursue <> sürdü
pursue <> takip
pursue <> yürüt
pursued <> takip
pursuer <> davac
pursuer <> koval
pursuer <> takip
pursuers <> takip
pursues <> takip
pursueth <> kendi
pursuing <> peşin
pursuit <> araşt
pursuit <> iş
pursuit <> ilgi
pursuit <> koval
pursuit <> meşgu
pursuit <> takip
pursuit <> uğraş
pursuits <> takip
pursuivant <> uşak
pursy <> buruş
pursy <> katla
pursy <> tıkne
purulence <> cerah
purulence <> iltih
purulence <> irin
purulence <> irinl
purulent <> iltih
purulent <> irinl
purvey <> erzak
purvey <> sağla
purvey <> tedar
purveyance <> erzak
purveyance <> yiyec
purveyor <> erzak
purveyor <> gıda
purveyor <> mütea
purview <> amaç
purview <> anlam
purview <> görüş
pus <> cerah
pus <> iltih
pus <> irin
push <> çaba
push <> çete
push <> İtini
push <> arka
push <> atak
push <> baskı
push <> devam
push <> gayre
push <> grup
push <> hamle
push <> itele
push <> itiş
push <> itme
push <> itmek
push <> kakma
push <> kitle
push <> merdi
push <> reklâ
push <> sıkış
push <> toplu
push <> torpi
push <> uğraş
push <> uyuşt
push <> yürüt
push <> yakla
push <> zor 
push <> zorla
pushball <> bir
pushball <> bir 
pushbutton <> buton
pushbuttons <> buton
pushcart <> çekçe
pushcart <> el 
pushcart <> seyya
pushchair <> teker
pushchairs <> puset
pushdown <> Yığıt
pushed <> itti
pusher <> fırsa
pusher <> itici
pusher <> sürgü
pusher <> uyuşt
pushers <> tacir
pushes <> iter
pushful <> atak
pushful <> becer
pushful <> giriş
pushful <> pişki
pushful <> sırna
pushful <> yüzsü
pushing <> atak
pushing <> becer
pushing <> giriş
pushing <> iten
pushing <> itiş
pushing <> itici
pushing <> itme
pushing <> pişki
pushing <> sırna
pushing <> yüzsü
pushout <> Pusho
pushover <> çocuk
pushover <> basit
pushover <> kolay
pushpin <> rapti
pushups <> itmek
pushy <> öne 
pushy <> saldı
pusillanimity <> korka
pusillanimity <> pısır
pusillanimous <> ödlek
pusillanimous <> korka
pusillanimous <> pısır
pusillanimous <> taban
puss <> genç
puss <> kedi
puss <> pisi
puss <> surat
puss <> yüz
puss <> yaban
pussy <> am
pussy <> kadın
pussy <> kedi
pussy <> kuku
pussy <> pıtış
pussy <> pisi
pussycat <> kedi
pussycat <> kedic
pussycat <> pisi
pussycats <> Pussy
pussyfoot <> fikri
pussyfoot <> kedi
pussyfoot <> sessi
pustular <> püstü
pustule <> kabar
pustule <> sivil
pustules <> püstü
pustulosis <> püstü
put <> çevir
put <> atış
put <> atmak
put <> bırak
put <> denem
put <> fırla
put <> hamle
put <> harek
put <> koyma
put <> kurma
put <> para
put <> sınam
put <> sabit
put <> sokma
put <> tıkma
put <> tercü
put <> yükle
put <> yatır
put <> yerle
putative <> farze
putative <> kabul
putative <> kanun
putative <> meşru
putative <> varsa
putdown <> küçül
putoff <> özür
putoff <> bahan
putoff <> ertel
putoff <> mazer
putoff <> tehir
putrefacient <> çürük
putrefacient <> çürüm
putrefacient <> çürüt
putrefacient <> bozuk
putrefacient <> kokmu
putrefaction <> çürüm
putrefaction <> bozul
putrefaction <> kokma
putrefaction <> kokuş
putrefaction <> leş
putrefactions <> çürüm
putrefactive <> çürük
putrefactive <> çürüm
putrefactive <> çürüt
putrefactive <> bozuk
putrefactive <> kokmu
putrefy <> çürüm
putrefy <> çürüt
putrefy <> cerah
putrefy <> kokuş
putrescence <> çürük
putrescence <> çürüm
putrescence <> bozuk
putrescent <> çürüm
putrescent <> kokuş
putrescine <> putre
putrid <> çürük
putrid <> bozuk
putrid <> bozul
putrid <> iğren
putrid <> kokmu
putrid <> kokuş
putrid <> leş 
putrid <> tiksi
putrid <> yozla
putridity <> Putri
puts <> koyar
putsch <> ayakl
putsch <> darbe
putschist <> darbe
putschists <> darbe
putt <> çimle
putt <> vurma
puttee <> dolak
puttee <> tozlu
putter <> düz
putter <> düz 
putters <> Putte
putties <> macun
putting <> koyar
putts <> Putts
putty <> camcı
putty <> kukla
putty <> macun
putty <> oyunc
putz <> Putz
puy <> PUY
puzzel <> Puzze
puzzle <> şaşır
puzzle <> şaşkı
puzzle <> bilme
puzzle <> bulma
puzzle <> düşün
puzzle <> kafa
puzzle <> kafas
puzzle <> karış
puzzle <> muamm
puzzle <> tered
puzzle <> yap-b
puzzled <> şaşır
puzzled <> şaşkı
puzzled <> kafas
puzzled <> karış
puzzlement <> şaşır
puzzlement <> şaşkı
puzzlement <> anlaş
puzzlement <> bilin
puzzlement <> muamm
puzzler <> akıl
puzzler <> anlaş
puzzler <> bilin
puzzler <> kafa
puzzler <> muamm
puzzlers <> Puzzl
puzzles <> bulma
puzzling <> şaşır
puzzling <> anlaş
puzzling <> bilme
puzzling <> kafa
puzzolana <> puzol
puzzolanas <> puzol
pyaemia <> kan
pyaemia <> kan 
pycnidia <> pikni
pycnometer <> yoğun
pye <> Pye
pyelectasis <> pyele
pyelitis <> böbre
pyelitis <> piyel
pyelogram <> piyel
pyelograms <> pyelo
pyelography <> pyelo
pyelonephritis <> piyel
pyeloplasty <> pyelo
pyemia <> kan
pyemia <> kan 
pygmean <> cüce
pygmean <> pigme
pygmies <> pigme
pygmy <> cüce
pygmy <> küçük
pygmy <> pigme
pyjama <> pijam
pyjamas <> pijam
pyla <> Pile
pylon <> direk
pylon <> işare
pylon <> pilon
pylon <> sütun
pylons <> dikme
pyloric <> pilor
pyloroplasty <> pilor
pylorus <> mide
pylorus <> pilor
pyne <> Pyne
pyogenesis <> Pyoge
pyogenic <> piyoj
pyonephrosis <> piyon
pyorrhea <> diş 
pyorrhea <> irin
pyorrhoea <> diş 
pyorrhoea <> irin
pyracantha <> Pyrac
pyramid <> piram
pyramidal <> piram
pyramidally <> piram
pyramides <> Piram
pyramids <> piram
pyrazinamide <> piraz
pyrazolones <> Piraz
pyre <> ölü
pyre <> ölü 
pyrene <> piren
pyres <> Pyres
pyrethrin <> piret
pyrethrins <> piret
pyrethrum <> pire
pyretic <> ateş
pyretic <> humma
pyrexia <> humma
pyrexia <> yükse
pyridine <> pirid
pyridostigmine <> prido
pyridoxal <> pirid
pyridoxin <> pirid
pyridoxine <> pirid
pyridyl <> pirid
pyriform <> pirif
pyrilamine <> piril
pyrimidine <> pirim
pyrimidines <> pirim
pyrite <> ottaş
pyrite <> pirit
pyrites <> maden
pyrites <> pirit
pyritic <> pirit
pyritization <> pirit
pyroclastic <> pirok
pyroclastics <> pirok
pyroclasts <> pirok
pyroelectric <> pyroe
pyrogen <> yükse
pyrogenic <> piroj
pyrogenous <> ısı 
pyrogenous <> ısıda
pyrogenous <> ateşt
pyrogenous <> volka
pyrogens <> Piroj
pyrolusite <> pirol
pyrolyse <> pirol
pyrolysis <> pirol
pyrolytic <> pirol
pyrolytically <> Pirol
pyrolyzed <> pirol
pyromania <> pirom
pyromania <> yangı
pyromaniac <> pirom
pyromaniac <> yangı
pyrometallurgical <> pirom
pyrometallurgy <> pirom
pyrometer <> ateşö
pyrometer <> pirom
pyrometers <> pirom
pyrometric <> pirom
pyrometry <> pirom
pyrope <> pirop
pyrophobia <> ateş
pyrophobia <> ateşt
pyrophoric <> pirof
pyrophosphate <> pirof
pyrophyllite <> pirof
pyros <> Pyros
pyrotechnic <> fişek
pyrotechnic <> havai
pyrotechnic <> parla
pyrotechnical <> fişek
pyrotechnical <> havai
pyrotechnical <> parla
pyrotechnics <> fişek
pyrotechnics <> havai
pyrotechnics <> kışkı
pyrotechnist <> fişek
pyrotechnist <> havai
pyroxene <> pirok
pyroxenes <> pirok
pyroxenite <> pirok
pyroxenites <> pirok
pyrrhic <> Pyrrh
pyrrhotine <> pirot
pyrrhotite <> pirot
pyrrol <> Kaas
pyrrole <> pirol
pyrroles <> pirol
pyrrolidone <> pirol
pyrrolizidine <> Pyrro
pyruvate <> pirüv
pyruvic <> Pyruv
pythium <> Pythi
python <> Apoll
python <> piton
pythoness <> falcı
pythons <> piton
pyuria <> piyür
pyx <> kutsa
pyx <> sikke
qabalists <> Kabal
qadi <> kadı
qanat <> Qanat
qasida <> kasid
qat <> QAT
qawwali <> Qawwa
qibla <> kıble
qis <> QIS
qua <> olara
qua <> sıfat
quaaludes <> Quaal
quack <> ördek
quack <> şarla
quack <> dırdı
quack <> sahte
quack <> uydur
quack <> vak
quack <> vakva
quack <> yalan
quack <> zevze
quackery <> şarla
quackery <> sahte
quad <> çeyre
quad <> avlu
quad <> dördü
quad <> dört
quad <> dörtg
quad <> dörtl
quad <> daire
quade <> Quade
quadra <> Quadr
quadrable <> kares
quadragenarian <> kırkı
quadragenarian <> kırk
quadrangle <> avlu
quadrangle <> avluy
quadrangle <> dörtg
quadrangles <> dörtg
quadrangular <> dört
quadrangular <> dörtg
quadrant <> çembe
quadrant <> çeyre
quadrant <> daire
quadrant <> oktan
quadrants <> kadra
quadraphonic <> dört
quadraphonic <> dörtl
quadraphonic <> kuadr
quadraphonics <> kuadr
quadras <> QUADR
quadrat <> katra
quadrate <> dördü
quadrate <> dört
quadrate <> uydur
quadrate <> uymak
quadratic <> dörtg
quadratic <> ikinc
quadratic <> karel
quadrature <> dördü
quadrature <> kare
quadrature <> karel
quadratus <> kuadr
quadrennial <> dört
quadric <> kuadr
quadriceps <> kuadr
quadrics <> Kuadr
quadricycle <> Quadr
quadriga <> Quadr
quadrilateral <> dörtg
quadrilateral <> dörtk
quadrilaterals <> dörtg
quadrille <> dört
quadrille <> kadri
quadrillion <> katri
quadrillion <> onbeş
quadrillion <> yirmi
quadrillions <> katri
quadriparesis <> kuadr
quadripartite <> dört
quadripartite <> dörtl
quadriplegia <> kuadr
quadrisyllabic <> dört
quadrisyllable <> dört
quadrivalent <> dört
quadroon <> dörtt
quadroon <> zenci
quadrophonic <> dört
quadrophonic <> dörtl
quadrophonic <> kuadr
quadrophonics <> kuadr
quadruped <> dört
quadrupedal <> dört
quadruple <> dört
quadruple <> dörtl
quadrupled <> dört
quadruplet <> dördü
quadruplet <> dörtl
quadruplets <> dördü
quadruplex <> çift
quadruplex <> dört
quadruplicate <> dört
quadruplicate <> dörtl
quadruplicities <> dörtl
quadrupling <> dört
quadrupole <> kuadr
quads <> dörtl
quaff <> büyük
quaff <> kafay
quaff <> kana
quag <> çıkma
quag <> batak
quaggy <> batak
quaggy <> vıcık
quagmire <> çıkma
quagmire <> batak
quail <> ümits
quail <> ürkme
quail <> bıldı
quail <> cesar
quail <> korkm
quail <> korku
quail <> umudu
quails <> bıldı
quaint <> acayi
quaint <> antik
quaint <> eski
quaint <> ilgin
quaintness <> antik
quaintness <> hoşlu
quaintness <> ilgin
quake <> depre
quake <> salla
quake <> sarsı
quake <> titre
quake <> zelze
quaker <> bubi
quaker <> siyah
quakers <> Quake
quakes <> depre
quaking <> sarsı
quaking <> titre
quale <> Quale
qualia <> Quali
qualifiable <> değer
qualification <> ehliy
qualification <> kısıt
qualification <> minim
qualification <> nitel
qualification <> sınır
qualification <> vasıf
qualification <> yeter
qualifications <> yeter
qualified <> şartl
qualified <> belge
qualified <> kısıt
qualified <> kalit
qualified <> nitel
qualified <> vasıf
qualified <> yeter
qualified <> yetki
qualifiedness <> Yeter
qualifier <> eleme
qualifiers <> eleme
qualifies <> nitel
qualify <> şart
qualify <> final
qualify <> hafif
qualify <> hak
qualify <> hakkı
qualify <> kısıt
qualify <> kısma
qualify <> karak
qualify <> nitel
qualify <> sınır
qualify <> seçme
qualify <> su 
qualify <> tanım
qualify <> yeter
qualify <> yetki
qualifying <> eleme
qualifying <> nitel
qualitative <> kalit
qualitative <> nitel
qualitatively <> nitel
qualities <> nitel
quality <> önerm
quality <> özell
quality <> asale
quality <> bünye
quality <> cins
quality <> kabil
quality <> kalit
quality <> mizaç
quality <> nitel
quality <> ses 
quality <> soylu
quality <> vasıf
quality <> yapı
quality <> yeten
qualls <> Quall
qualm <> bulan
qualm <> endiş
qualm <> huzur
qualm <> mide
qualm <> vicda
qualmish <> mide
qualmish <> mides
qualmish <> tiksi
qualmish <> vicda
qualms <> çekin
quandary <> ikile
quandary <> karar
quandary <> kuşku
quandary <> tered
quango <> bağım
quant <> Quant
quanta <> kuant
quanta <> mikta
quanta <> pay
quanta <> tutar
quantic <> Quant
quantifiable <> ölçül
quantification <> mikta
quantificational <> nicel
quantifications <> nicel
quantified <> nicel
quantifier <> nicel
quantifiers <> nicel
quantifies <> rakam
quantify <> ölçme
quantify <> mikta
quantifying <> mikta
quantile <> kanti
quantisation <> nicem
quantitation <> kanti
quantitative <> kanti
quantitative <> mikta
quantitative <> nicel
quantitative <> sayıs
quantitatively <> kanti
quantities <> mikta
quantitive <> nicel
quantity <> mikta
quantity <> nicel
quantity <> sayı
quantization <> nicel
quantize <> nicel
quantize <> sayıs
quantized <> nicem
quantizers <> kuant
quantizing <> nicem
quantum <> hisse
quantum <> kuant
quantum <> mikta
quantum <> nicem
quantum <> pay
quantum <> tutar
quar <> Quar
quarantine <> izole
quarantine <> karan
quarantine <> tecri
quarantined <> karan
quarantines <> karan
quarantining <> karan
quark <> kuark
quark <> kuram
quarks <> kuark
quarrel <> çekiş
quarrel <> ağız
quarrel <> anlaş
quarrel <> atışm
quarrel <> bozuş
quarrel <> hırgü
quarrel <> küsme
quarrel <> kavga
quarrel <> tartı
quarreled <> kavga
quarreling <> çekiş
quarrelled <> kavga
quarrelling <> çekiş
quarrels <> kavga
quarrelsome <> geçim
quarrelsome <> huysu
quarrelsome <> kavga
quarrelsomeness <> kavga
quarried <> ocakl
quarrier <> taş
quarrier <> taş 
quarries <> ocakl
quarry <> araşt
quarry <> av
quarry <> bakla
quarry <> karo
quarry <> maden
quarry <> taş
quarry <> taş 
quarry <> tuzağ
quarry <> yontm
quarrying <> ocakt
quarrying <> taşçı
quarrying <> taşoc
quarryman <> taş 
quart <> dörtl
quart <> eskri
quart <> galon
quart <> kuart
quartan <> dört
quarter <> çeyre
quarter <> ölçek
quarter <> ağırl
quarter <> aman
quarter <> arazi
quarter <> asker
quarter <> bölge
quarter <> bağış
quarter <> canın
quarter <> dördü
quarter <> dörde
quarter <> dört
quarter <> dörtt
quarter <> gecel
quarter <> köşe
quarter <> kayna
quarter <> konak
quarter <> mahal
quarter <> makam
quarter <> onbeş
quarter <> yarım
quarter <> yer
quarter <> yerle
quarter <> yirmi
quarterback <> idare
quarterback <> oyunu
quarterback <> sevke
quarterdeck <> kıç 
quartered <> dörde
quarterfinal <> çeyre
quarterfinalist <> çeyre
quarterfinals <> Çeyre
quarterfinals <> çeyre
quarterlies <> Quart
quarterly <> çeyre
quarterly <> üç
quarterly <> üç 
quartermaster <> levaz
quartermaster <> serdü
quartern <> çeyre
quartern <> ölçeğ
quartern <> dört
quarters <> çeyre
quarters <> ikame
quarters <> kışla
quarters <> kalac
quarters <> karar
quarters <> konut
quarters <> ordug
quarters <> yatac
quartet <> dört
quartet <> dörtl
quartet <> kuart
quartets <> dörtl
quartett <> Quart
quartette <> dört
quartette <> dörtl
quartette <> kuart
quartetto <> Quart
quartier <> Quart
quartile <> dördü
quartile <> karti
quartiles <> çeyre
quarto <> çeyre
quarto <> dört
quarts <> quart
quartz <> kuvar
quartzarenite <> Kuvar
quartzite <> kuvar
quartzites <> kuvar
quartzitic <> kuvar
quartzose <> kuvar
quas <> Quas
quasar <> radyo
quasar <> yıldı
quasars <> Kuasa
quash <> bastı
quash <> bozma
quash <> ezmek
quash <> feshe
quash <> haşat
quash <> iptal
quash <> kaldı
quash <> redde
quashed <> bozmu
quashing <> bastı
quasi <> benze
quasi <> güya
quasi <> sözde
quasi <> sanki
quasi <> yarı
quasiconformal <> Kvazi
quasilinear <> yarı
quassia <> acıağ
quassia <> kavas
quat <> Quat
quaternary <> dördü
quaternary <> dört
quaternary <> dörtl
quaternary <> son 
quaternions <> kuate
quatrain <> dört
quatrain <> dörtl
quatrain <> kıta
quatrains <> dörtl
quatrefoil <> dört
quatuor <> Quatu
quaver <> sekiz
quaver <> sesi
quaver <> sesin
quaver <> titre
quaver <> tril
quavering <> titre
quavery <> titre
quay <> iskel
quay <> rıhtı
quayage <> iskel
quayage <> rıhtı
quays <> iskel
quayside <> rıhtı
quean <> fingi
quean <> oynak
queasiness <> aşırı
queasiness <> bulan
queasiness <> kılı
queasiness <> mide
queasiness <> zor 
queasy <> çabuk
queasy <> aşırı
queasy <> hassa
queasy <> kusac
queasy <> kustu
queasy <> mide
queasy <> mides
queasy <> tatsı
queasy <> zor 
queen <> dam
queen <> homos
queen <> kız
queen <> krali
queen <> nonoş
queen <> sevgi
queen <> sulta
queen <> top
queen <> vezir
queendom <> Queen
queenie <> Queen
queenlike <> görke
queenlike <> krali
queenly <> görke
queenly <> krali
queens <> krali
queenside <> vezir
queensize <> krali
queeny <> Queen
queer <> çatla
queer <> acayi
queer <> antik
queer <> bozma
queer <> eşcin
queer <> garip
queer <> homos
queer <> ibne
queer <> kaçık
queer <> kalp
queer <> keyif
queer <> mahve
queer <> mides
queer <> nonoş
queer <> rahat
queer <> sahte
queer <> sarho
queer <> tuhaf
queerness <> acayi
queerness <> tuhaf
queers <> üşütü
quell <> bastı
quell <> teski
quell <> yatış
quelled <> bastı
quelling <> bastı
quench <> ağzın
quench <> bastı
quench <> dindi
quench <> gider
quench <> kırma
quench <> söndü
quench <> su 
quench <> sulam
quencher <> içki
quenches <> bastı
quenching <> söndü
quenching <> su
quenching <> su 
quenchless <> geçme
quenchless <> gider
quenchless <> sönme
quenelle <> balık
quenelle <> köfte
quenite <> Kueni
quenselite <> Kuens
quenstedtite <> Kuens
quercus <> Cedru
queried <> Sorgu
queries <> sorgu
querist <> sorgu
querist <> soruş
querist <> soru
querling <> Querl
quern <> el
quern <> el 
querulous <> şikây
querulous <> huysu
querulous <> mızmı
querulous <> söyle
querulous <> sızla
querulous <> yakın
query <> şüphe
query <> kuşku
query <> sorgu
query <> sorma
query <> soru
querying <> sorgu
quesadillas <> Quesa
quest <> araşt
quest <> arama
quest <> arayı
quest <> av 
quest <> bulma
quest <> soruş
quested <> iste
questing <> Quest
question <> şüphe
question <> bilin
question <> kuşku
question <> mesel
question <> probl
question <> söz 
question <> sorgu
question <> soruş
question <> soru
question <> sorul
question <> sorun
question <> tahki
questionable <> şüphe
questionable <> kesin
questionable <> kuşku
questionable <> tartı
questionary <> anket
questionary <> soru
questioned <> sorgu
questioner <> çok 
questioner <> sorgu
questioner <> soru
questioning <> genso
questioning <> soran
questioning <> sorgu
questioning <> soru
questioningly <> soran
questionings <> sorgu
questionnaire <> anket
questionnaire <> soruş
questionnaire <> soru
questionnaires <> anket
questions <> sorul
quests <> macer
quet <> Quet
quetzal <> Quetz
queue <> at 
queue <> dizi
queue <> kuyru
queue <> sıra
queue <> saç 
queued <> Sıral
queueing <> kuyru
queues <> Kuyru
queuing <> kuyru
quibble <> başta
quibble <> kılı
quibble <> kaçam
quibble <> kelim
quibble <> lafı
quibbler <> kaçam
quibbler <> sözcü
quibbler <> safsa
quibbling <> kılı
quibbling <> kelim
quibbling <> sözcü
quibbling <> safsa
quiches <> kişle
quick <> çabuc
quick <> çabuk
quick <> öz
quick <> şipşa
quick <> alevl
quick <> atik
quick <> can 
quick <> canlı
quick <> civa
quick <> hızlı
quick <> hızla
quick <> hassa
quick <> hayat
quick <> hazır
quick <> kıvra
quick <> keski
quick <> maden
quick <> sürat
quick <> sıcak
quick <> seri
quick <> tırna
quick <> tez
quick <> yaşay
quicken <> çabuk
quicken <> canla
quicken <> hızla
quicken <> harek
quicken <> hayat
quicken <> neşel
quicken <> uyand
quickened <> hızla
quickeneth <> diril
quickening <> hızla
quickens <> hızla
quicker <> daha
quicker <> hızla
quickest <> hızlı
quickie <> çabuc
quickie <> çabuk
quickie <> şipşa
quickie <> bir 
quickie <> hafif
quickie <> kısa
quickies <> Quick
quicklime <> kalsi
quicklime <> sönme
quickly <> çabuc
quickly <> çabuk
quickly <> şipşa
quickly <> hızla
quickly <> tez
quickness <> çabuk
quickness <> canlı
quickness <> hız
quickness <> hızlı
quickness <> hassa
quickness <> keski
quickness <> kolay
quickness <> sürat
quickness <> tez 
quickness <> zinde
quicksand <> çıkma
quicksand <> batak
quicksand <> harek
quicksand <> kayan
quickset <> çalıd
quickset <> çit 
quickset <> akdik
quicksilver <> civa
quickstep <> hızlı
quickstep <> harek
quid <> çiğne
quid <> pound
quid <> sterl
quidam <> Quida
quiddity <> önems
quiddity <> öz
quiddity <> özell
quiddity <> esas
quiddity <> safsa
quidnunc <> merak
quiesce <> Quies
quiescence <> kafa
quiescence <> pasif
quiescence <> sükun
quiescence <> sessi
quiescent <> durgu
quiescent <> harek
quiescent <> pasif
quiescent <> sakin
quiescent <> sessi
quiescent <> uyuşu
quiet <> asayi
quiet <> dindi
quiet <> dingi
quiet <> dinle
quiet <> dinme
quiet <> durgu
quiet <> gürül
quiet <> gizli
quiet <> harek
quiet <> huzur
quiet <> kuytu
quiet <> sükun
quiet <> sakin
quiet <> sessi
quiet <> susma
quiet <> sustu
quiet <> uslu
quiet <> yatış
quieted <> sakin
quieten <> dindi
quieten <> dinme
quieten <> sakin
quieten <> susma
quieten <> sustu
quieten <> yatış
quieter <> sessi
quietest <> sessi
quietism <> dingi
quietism <> sakin
quietly <> sakin
quietly <> ses 
quietly <> sessi
quietly <> usul
quietly <> yavaş
quietness <> dingi
quietness <> gönül
quietness <> harek
quietness <> huzur
quietness <> sükun
quietness <> sakin
quietness <> sessi
quietude <> gönül
quietude <> harek
quietude <> huzur
quietude <> iç 
quietude <> sükun
quietude <> sessi
quietus <> ölüm
quietus <> öldür
quietus <> aklam
quietus <> hesab
quietus <> son
quietus <> temiz
quiff <> alına
quiff <> alınd
quill <> bobin
quill <> diken
quill <> fitil
quill <> kamış
quill <> mızra
quill <> makar
quill <> sert
quill <> tüy
quill <> tüy 
quill <> tarçı
quillaja <> Quill
quills <> Quill
quilt <> içine
quilt <> pamuk
quilt <> yorga
quilted <> kapit
quilting <> pamuk
quilting <> yorga
quilts <> yorga
quim <> am
quim <> kadın
quim <> kuku
quim <> pıtış
quin <> beşiz
quinary <> beş 
quinary <> beşli
quinate <> beş
quinate <> beş 
quince <> ayva
quincentenary <> beşyü
quinces <> ayva
quincunx <> beş
quincunx <> beş 
quincy <> Quinc
quingentenary <> beşyü
quinidine <> kinid
quinine <> kinin
quinoline <> kinol
quinolone <> kinol
quinolones <> kinol
quinone <> kinon
quinones <> kinon
quinquagenarian <> elli
quinquagenarian <> ellil
quinquagenarian <> ellis
quinquennial <> beş 
quinquennially <> beş 
quinquereme <> iki 
quinquereme <> on 
quinquivalent <> beş 
quins <> beşiz
quinsy <> anjin
quinsy <> faren
quint <> beş
quint <> beş 
quintain <> Korku
quintal <> kenta
quintal <> yüz 
quintan <> beş
quintan <> beş 
quinte <> Quint
quintel <> Quint
quintessence <> özünü
quintessence <> öz
quintessence <> özeti
quintessence <> en 
quintessential <> özeti
quintessential <> en 
quintessentially <> özünd
quintet <> beş 
quintet <> beşli
quintets <> beşli
quintette <> beş 
quintette <> beşli
quintile <> dilim
quintiles <> dilim
quintillion <> kenti
quintin <> Quint
quintuple <> beş 
quintuple <> beşle
quintuplet <> beşiz
quintuplets <> beşiz
quintuplicate <> beş 
quintuplicate <> beşe
quintuplicate <> beşle
quinze <> Quinz
quip <> dokun
quip <> espri
quip <> hazır
quip <> iğnel
quip <> kaçam
quire <> kâğıt
quires <> gerek
quiring <> etraf
quirk <> acayi
quirk <> bekle
quirk <> espri
quirk <> hazır
quirk <> iğnel
quirk <> kaçam
quirk <> oriji
quirk <> yazı
quirks <> tuhaf
quirky <> acayi
quirky <> değiş
quirky <> ilgin
quirky <> kurna
quirt <> küçük
quisling <> düşma
quisling <> vatan
quist <> Quist
quit <> çıkma
quit <> çekil
quit <> ödeme
quit <> arınm
quit <> ayrıl
quit <> bırak
quit <> bitme
quit <> boşal
quit <> içerm
quit <> istif
quit <> kurtu
quit <> paydo
quit <> serbe
quit <> sona
quit <> tahli
quit <> vazge
quitclaim <> dava
quitclaim <> taleb
quite <> büsbü
quite <> bütün
quite <> bayağ
quite <> elbet
quite <> epey
quite <> gerçe
quite <> iyice
quite <> olduk
quite <> pek
quite <> su 
quite <> tam 
quite <> tamam
quited <> ayrıl
quiting <> Ayrıl
quitrent <> dereb
quits <> ödeşm
quits <> başab
quits <> berab
quits <> fit 
quits <> sonla
quittance <> aklan
quittance <> alınd
quittance <> bedel
quittance <> borcu
quittance <> karşı
quittance <> makbu
quittance <> misil
quittance <> temiz
quitted <> ayrıl
quitter <> çekil
quitter <> dönek
quitter <> istif
quitter <> sözün
quitter <> yarı
quitters <> bırak
quitting <> bırak
quiver <> kubur
quiver <> ok 
quiver <> titre
quivered <> titre
quiverful <> bir 
quiverful <> kubur
quiverful <> sürüy
quiverful <> yığın
quivering <> titre
quixote <> Don
quixote <> Don 
quixotes <> Kişot
quixotic <> Don 
quixotic <> hayal
quixotic <> umuts
quixotry <> don 
quixotry <> gerek
quiz <> çok 
quiz <> şaka
quiz <> alay
quiz <> bilgi
quiz <> ilgin
quiz <> kısa
quiz <> takıl
quiz <> test
quizes <> quizl
quizmaster <> sorul
quizmaster <> yarış
quizzes <> quizl
quizzical <> çok 
quizzical <> şakac
quizzical <> acayi
quizzical <> garip
quizzical <> komik
quizzical <> merak
quizzical <> muzip
quizzical <> tuhaf
quod <> bu
quod <> cezae
quod <> hapis
quod <> ki
quod <> kodes
quoin <> çerçe
quoin <> dizgi
quoin <> duvar
quoits <> çembe
quoits <> halka
quondam <> öncek
quondam <> eski
quondam <> sabık
quorum <> gerek
quorum <> nisap
quorum <> yeter
quorums <> nisab
quota <> göçme
quota <> hisse
quota <> konte
quota <> kota
quota <> pay
quotable <> aktar
quotable <> alınt
quotable <> fiyat
quotable <> tekra
quotas <> kotal
quotation <> aktar
quotation <> alınt
quotation <> cari
quotation <> fiyat
quotation <> geçer
quotation <> iktib
quotation <> maliy
quotation <> piyas
quotation <> tekra
quotations <> alınt
quote <> Alınt
quote <> aktar
quote <> alınt
quote <> başka
quote <> fiyat
quote <> piyas
quote <> tırna
quote <> tekra
quote <> yinel
quoted <> kote
quoted <> tırna
quotes <> tırna
quoth <> dedi
quoth <> dedim
quotidian <> önems
quotidian <> günde
quotidian <> günlü
quotidian <> her 
quotidian <> sırad
quotient <> bölüm
quoting <> alınt
rabbet <> birbi
rabbet <> lamba
rabbet <> oluk
rabbet <> yiv
rabbi <> Yahud
rabbi <> haham
rabbin <> Rabbi
rabbinate <> haham
rabbinic <> Rabbi
rabbinical <> haham
rabbis <> haham
rabbit <> ödlek
rabbit <> acemi
rabbit <> adata
rabbit <> kötü
rabbit <> korka
rabbit <> tavşa
rabbitfish <> deniz
rabbits <> tavşa
rabble <> ayakt
rabble <> gürül
rabble <> gelbe
rabble <> maden
rabi <> Rabi
rabid <> öfkel
rabid <> bağna
rabid <> fanat
rabid <> kudur
rabid <> kuduz
rabidness <> çılgı
rabidness <> cinne
rabidness <> fanat
rabidness <> kudur
rabidness <> kuduz
rabies <> kuduz
rabis <> Rabis
raca <> Raca
raccoon <> rakun
race <> ömür
race <> ırk
race <> acele
race <> akınt
race <> at 
race <> cins
race <> döl
race <> famil
race <> hızlı
race <> hayat
race <> koşu
race <> mücâd
race <> nesil
race <> sınıf
race <> soy
race <> tür
race <> tad
race <> yarış
race <> yuva
racecard <> yarış
racecards <> Yarış
racecourse <> koşu
racecourse <> parku
racecourse <> yarış
raced <> koştu
racegoer <> yarış
racehorse <> yarış
racehorses <> yarış
racemate <> rasem
raceme <> çiçek
raceme <> salkı
racemic <> rasem
racemose <> salkı
racer <> karay
racer <> koşuc
racer <> yarış
racers <> yarış
races <> yarış
racetrack <> hipod
racetrack <> koşu
racetrack <> parku
racetrack <> yarış
racetracks <> koşu
racewalking <> Atmal
raceway <> değir
raceway <> kablo
rachis <> belke
rachis <> eksen
rachis <> omurg
rachis <> orta
rachis <> rakis
rachis <> tüy 
rachitic <> raşit
rachitis <> raşit
racial <> ırk
racial <> ırksa
racialism <> ırkçı
racialist <> ırkçı
racially <> ırk
racially <> ırk 
raciness <> canlı
raciness <> hız
raciness <> müste
raciness <> neşe
raciness <> oriji
racing <> at 
racing <> koşma
racing <> yarış
racism <> ırkçı
racist <> ırkçı
racists <> ırkçı
rack <> şarab
rack <> askı
rack <> askıy
rack <> eziye
rack <> fıçıd
rack <> gerer
rack <> gergi
rack <> germe
rack <> işken
rack <> kiray
rack <> krema
rack <> parma
rack <> rüzga
rack <> raf
rack <> rafa
rack <> rahva
rack <> uçan
rack <> uçuşa
rack <> uzatm
rack <> yemli
racket <> şamat
racket <> şanta
racket <> cümbü
racket <> curcu
racket <> dolan
racket <> eğlen
racket <> günün
racket <> gürül
racket <> haraç
racket <> hayat
racket <> iş
racket <> kar 
racket <> mesle
racket <> raket
racket <> telaş
racket <> velve
racketeer <> şanta
racketeer <> düzen
racketeer <> dolan
racketeer <> gangs
racketeer <> haraç
racketeer <> karab
racketeer <> vurgu
racketeering <> şanta
racketeering <> haraç
racketeering <> para
rackets <> duvar
rackets <> raket
rackety <> şamat
rackety <> gürül
racking <> raf
racks <> rafla
racle <> Ragle
racon <> radar
raconteur <> öyküc
raconteur <> hikây
raconteurs <> Racon
racoon <> rakun
racoons <> rakun
racquet <> kar 
racquet <> raket
racquets <> duvar
racy <> özel
racy <> özlü
racy <> açık
racy <> aroma
racy <> ateşl
racy <> bahar
racy <> canlı
racy <> müste
rad <> radik
radar <> radar
radars <> radar
raddle <> kırmı
radial <> önkol
radial <> ışıns
radial <> merke
radial <> radya
radial <> yarıç
radial <> yayıl
radialis <> radiy
radially <> radya
radials <> radya
radian <> radya
radiance <> ışıma
radiance <> ışını
radiance <> aydın
radiance <> görke
radiance <> nur
radiance <> parla
radiance <> radya
radians <> radya
radiant <> ışık
radiant <> ışıl
radiant <> ışıma
radiant <> ışın
radiant <> ısı 
radiant <> göz 
radiant <> mutlu
radiant <> parla
radiant <> radya
radiant <> saçıl
radiantly <> Işılt
radiate <> ışık
radiate <> ışıma
radiate <> ışın
radiate <> ışınl
radiate <> bir 
radiate <> neşe
radiate <> saçma
radiate <> yayın
radiate <> yayma
radiated <> Yayıl
radiates <> yayar
radiating <> yayıl
radiation <> ışıma
radiation <> ışını
radiation <> radya
radiationless <> radya
radiations <> radya
radiative <> ışını
radiator <> kalor
radiator <> radya
radiator <> veric
radiators <> radya
radical <> ana 
radical <> esas
radical <> kök
radical <> kök 
radical <> köke
radical <> köken
radical <> köklü
radical <> kökse
radical <> kökte
radical <> radik
radicalisation <> radik
radicalised <> radik
radicalising <> radik
radicalism <> kökte
radicalism <> radik
radicality <> radik
radicalization <> radik
radicalize <> radik
radicalized <> radik
radicalizing <> radik
radically <> esase
radically <> kökün
radically <> radik
radically <> temel
radicals <> radik
radices <> taban
radicle <> kökçü
radicle <> sinir
radicular <> radik
radiculitis <> radik
radiculopathies <> radik
radiculopathy <> radik
radii <> yarıç
radio <> ışın
radio <> röntg
radio <> radyo
radio <> telgr
radio <> telsi
radioactive <> ışıne
radioactive <> radyo
radioactively <> radyo
radioactivity <> radyo
radioallergosorbent <> radyo
radiobiology <> radyo
radiocarbon <> radyo
radiocarpal <> radio
radiochemical <> radyo
radiochemistry <> Radyo
radiocommunication <> telsi
radiocommunications <> telsi
radiodermatitis <> radyo
radioed <> telsi
radioelectric <> radyo
radioelement <> radyo
radiofrequency <> Radyo
radiogenic <> radyo
radiogram <> pikap
radiogram <> röntg
radiogram <> radyo
radiogram <> telsi
radiograms <> grafi
radiograph <> grafi
radiograph <> röntg
radiograph <> radyo
radiographer <> radyo
radiographers <> röntg
radiographic <> radyo
radiographically <> radyo
radiographies <> radyo
radiographs <> radyo
radiography <> röntg
radiography <> radyo
radioimmunoassay <> RIA
radioimmunotherapy <> radyo
radioiodine <> radyo
radioisotope <> radyo
radioisotopes <> radyo
radiolabeled <> Radyo
radiolabelled <> Radyo
radiolabelling <> Radyo
radiolaria <> radyo
radiolarian <> radyo
radiolarians <> Radyo
radioligand <> radyo
radiolites <> radyo
radiologic <> radyo
radiological <> röntg
radiological <> radyo
radiologically <> Radyo
radiologist <> röntg
radiologist <> radyo
radiologists <> radyo
radiology <> radyo
radiolucencies <> radyo
radiolucency <> radyo
radiolucent <> radyo
radiolysis <> radyo
radiolytic <> radyo
radioman <> radyo
radiometer <> radyo
radiometric <> radyo
radiometrically <> radyo
radiometry <> radyo
radionecrosis <> radio
radionics <> Radio
radionuclide <> radyo
radionuclides <> radyo
radiopacity <> radyo
radiopaque <> radyo
radiopharmaceutical <> radyo
radiopharmaceuticals <> radyo
radiophone <> radyo
radiophone <> telsi
radiophones <> Telsi
radiophonic <> Radio
radiophysics <> Radyo
radioprotection <> radya
radioprotective <> radyo
radioresistant <> radyo
radios <> radyo
radioscopic <> radyo
radiosensitive <> radyo
radiosensitivity <> Radyo
radiosensitizing <> Radyo
radiosondes <> radyo
radiosurgery <> radyo
radiotelegram <> telsi
radiotelegraphy <> telsi
radiotelephone <> radyo
radiotelephone <> telsi
radiotelephony <> Telsi
radiotherapy <> ışın
radiotherapy <> radyo
radiotracer <> radyo
radish <> turp
radishes <> turp
radium <> radyu
radius <> çevre
radius <> önkol
radius <> erim
radius <> etki
radius <> ispit
radius <> radyu
radius <> yarıç
radiuses <> yarıç
radix <> kök
radix <> kök 
radix <> sayı
radome <> radom
radomes <> radom
rads <> rad
rafales <> Ráfal
raffia <> lif 
raffia <> rafya
raffinose <> rafin
raffish <> göste
raffish <> hovar
raffish <> rezil
raffle <> çekil
raffle <> eşya
raffle <> piyan
raffled <> çekil
raffles <> Raffl
raft <> büyük
raft <> sal
raft <> sal 
raft <> sala
raft <> yığın
rafter <> çatı
rafter <> kiriş
rafter <> sal 
rafters <> kiriş
rafting <> ırmak
rafting <> rafti
rafts <> salla
raftsman <> salcı
rag <> çaput
rag <> şamat
rag <> azarl
rag <> dağıt
rag <> dalga
rag <> değer
rag <> gürül
rag <> gazet
rag <> herke
rag <> kâğıt
rag <> kırpı
rag <> kaba
rag <> kesik
rag <> mendi
rag <> muzip
rag <> paçav
rag <> payla
ragamuffin <> baldı
ragamuffin <> paçav
ragamuffin <> pasak
rage <> öfke
rage <> şidde
rage <> arzu
rage <> galey
rage <> gazap
rage <> hırs
rage <> hidde
rage <> köpür
rage <> kudur
rage <> moda
rage <> rağbe
rage <> sinir
rage <> tutku
raged <> kasıp
rager <> hız 
rages <> öfkel
raggamuffin <> Ragga
ragged <> bakım
ragged <> cırla
ragged <> düzen
ragged <> dağın
ragged <> eksik
ragged <> kırpı
ragged <> karma
ragged <> kulağ
ragged <> lime
ragged <> olmam
ragged <> pütür
ragged <> pejmü
ragged <> yırtı
raggie <> Raggi
raggy <> Raggy
raging <> azgın
raglan <> Ragla
ragman <> eskic
ragout <> sebze
ragout <> yahni
ragpicker <> paçav
rags <> eski
rags <> paçav
ragtag <> ayakt
ragtime <> kesik
raid <> çapul
raid <> akın
raid <> baskı
raid <> basma
raid <> hücum
raid <> saldı
raided <> baskı
raider <> çapul
raider <> akınc
raiders <> Raide
raiding <> baskı
raids <> baskı
rail <> ağzın
rail <> azarl
rail <> demir
rail <> dil 
rail <> küfre
rail <> korku
rail <> parma
rail <> ray
rail <> ray 
rail <> sövme
rail <> sutav
rail <> tırab
rail <> trabz
rail <> yakın
railcar <> vagon
railcard <> tren
railcars <> Demir
railed <> raylı
railer <> Raile
railgun <> Railg
railhead <> gar
railhead <> rayla
railhead <> tren
railing <> korku
railing <> parma
railing <> tırab
railing <> trabz
railings <> parma
raillery <> alaya
raillery <> kafa
raillery <> takıl
railly <> Raill
railroad <> demir
railroad <> mecbu
railroad <> mecli
railroad <> tren
railroad <> zorla
railroader <> demir
railroads <> demir
rails <> rayla
railway <> banli
railway <> demir
railway <> tren
railwayman <> demir
railwaymen <> Demir
railways <> demir
raiment <> elbis
raiment <> giysi
rain <> şakır
rain <> rahme
rain <> yağdı
rain <> yağma
rain <> yağmu
rainbird <> Rainb
rainbirds <> Rainb
rainbow <> ebemk
rainbow <> gökku
rainbowed <> gökku
rainbows <> gökku
raincoat <> trenç
raincoat <> yağmu
raincoats <> yağmu
raindance <> Raind
raindrop <> yağmu
raine <> Yağmu
rained <> yağmu
raines <> Raine
rainfall <> sağan
rainfall <> yağış
rainfalls <> yağış
rainforest <> Rainf
rainforests <> yağmu
rainier <> Raini
raininess <> çok 
raininess <> yağış
raininess <> yağmu
raining <> yağmu
rainless <> kurak
rainmaker <> yağmu
rainmakers <> Rainm
rainmaking <> yağmu
rainmaking <> yapay
rainproof <> yağmu
rains <> yağış
rains <> yağmu
rainstorm <> yağmu
rainstorms <> yağmu
rainwater <> yağmu
rainwaters <> yağmu
rainy <> yağış
rainy <> yağmu
rais <> Rais
raise <> çıkın
raise <> artış
raise <> artır
raise <> ayağa
raise <> büyüt
raise <> besle
raise <> dikme
raise <> kabar
raise <> kaldı
raise <> karay
raise <> neden
raise <> rampa
raise <> ruh 
raise <> son 
raise <> topla
raise <> yükse
raise <> yetiş
raise <> yokuş
raise <> yol 
raise <> zam
raise <> zam 
raised <> kabar
raised <> kalkı
raised <> mayal
raised <> yükse
raised <> zamlı
raisers <> Üreti
raises <> yükse
raisin <> kuru
raising <> kabar
raising <> kaldı
raising <> yükse
raisins <> kuru
raj <> egeme
raj <> hüküm
raj <> hakim
raja <> raca
rajah <> raca
rajas <> Rajas
rake <> çapkı
rake <> araşt
rake <> arayı
rake <> eğikl
rake <> fırın
rake <> gelbe
rake <> hovar
rake <> tırmı
rake <> tarak
rake <> taram
rake <> uçarı
rake <> yan 
rake <> zampa
raked <> komis
rakel <> Rakel
rakers <> yayı
rakes <> tırmı
raki <> rakı
raking <> yan
raking <> yan 
rakish <> çapkı
rakish <> şık
rakish <> direk
rakish <> hızlı
rakish <> haval
rakish <> hovar
rakish <> sürat
rakish <> sefa
rakishness <> hovar
rales <> ral
rallied <> yürüd
rallies <> mitin
rally <> üst 
rally <> araba
rally <> canla
rally <> harek
rally <> iyile
rally <> kafa
rally <> mitin
rally <> ralli
rally <> takıl
rally <> topar
rally <> topla
rally <> yardı
rally <> yenid
rallying <> topla
ralphs <> Ralph
ram <> çakma
ram <> çarpm
ram <> şahme
ram <> Koç
ram <> Koç 
ram <> doldu
ram <> gemi
ram <> koç
ram <> mahmu
ram <> mancı
ram <> sokma
ram <> su 
ram <> tosla
ram <> vurma
ram <> zorla
ramage <> Ramaz
ramal <> Ramal
ramblas <> Rambl
ramble <> abuk
ramble <> başıb
ramble <> boş 
ramble <> gezin
ramble <> ipsiz
ramble <> kıvrı
ramble <> konuy
ramble <> yayıl
rambler <> başıb
rambler <> sarma
rambler <> serse
ramblers <> Rambl
rambles <> Rambl
rambling <> bağla
rambling <> başıb
rambling <> biçim
rambling <> boş 
rambling <> düzen
rambling <> derme
rambling <> ipe 
rambling <> saçma
rambling <> tutar
ramblings <> Rambl
rambunctious <> deliş
rambunctious <> gürül
rambunctious <> neşel
rambunctious <> taşkı
rambutan <> Rambu
ramee <> Ramee
rami <> Rami
ramie <> rami
ramification <> şube
ramification <> dal
ramification <> dalla
ramification <> kol
ramification <> kolla
ramifications <> kolla
ramified <> dalla
ramify <> çatal
ramify <> bölüm
ramify <> dal 
ramify <> dalla
ramify <> kolla
ramis <> Ramis
ramjet <> tepki
rammer <> tokma
rammers <> tokma
ramming <> çakma
ramona <> Ramon
ramose <> dallı
ramp <> şaha
ramp <> şahla
ramp <> dolan
ramp <> dolap
ramp <> köpür
ramp <> kazık
ramp <> kudur
ramp <> rampa
ramp <> yayıl
ramp <> yokuş
rampage <> öfkel
rampage <> heyhe
rampage <> kudur
rampage <> sağa
rampage <> tanta
rampageous <> azgın
rampageous <> kudur
rampageous <> sağa
rampaging <> azgın
rampancy <> şaha
rampancy <> şahla
rampancy <> aşırı
rampancy <> kudur
rampancy <> taşkı
rampant <> öfkel
rampant <> şahla
rampant <> arka
rampant <> azgın
rampant <> coşmu
rampant <> her 
rampart <> kale
rampart <> korun
rampart <> savun
rampart <> set
rampart <> siper
rampart <> sur
ramparts <> surla
ramped <> hızla
ramps <> rampa
ramrod <> harbi
rams <> koç
ramshackle <> harap
ramshackle <> köhne
ramshackle <> yıkıl
ramshorn <> tatlı
ranch <> çiftl
ranch <> hayva
rancher <> çiftl
rancher <> rençp
rancheros <> Ranch
ranches <> çiftl
ranchman <> çiftl
ranchman <> rençp
ranchos <> Ranch
rancid <> acımı
rancid <> bozuk
rancid <> ekşim
rancid <> iğren
rancid <> kokmu
rancid <> kokuş
rancidity <> bayat
rancidity <> bozul
rancidity <> ekşim
rancidity <> kokuş
rancidness <> bayat
rancidness <> bozul
rancidness <> ekşim
rancidness <> kokuş
rancor <> garez
rancor <> hınç
rancor <> kin
rancor <> kuyru
rancorous <> hınç
rancorous <> kinci
rancour <> garez
rancour <> hınç
rancour <> kin
rancour <> kuyru
rand <> Güney
rand <> rand
randan <> RANDA
random <> geliş
random <> rasge
random <> tesad
randomisation <> rando
randomise <> Rando
randomised <> rando
randomization <> rando
randomize <> rasge
randomized <> rando
randomizer <> Rando
randomizes <> rasge
randomizing <> rastg
randomly <> rastg
randy <> şehve
randy <> arsız
randy <> azgın
randy <> inatç
randy <> kudur
ranee <> racan
ranforce <> Ranfo
rang <> çaldı
range <> çeşit
range <> açık
range <> akıp
range <> alan
range <> aralı
range <> atış
range <> bölge
range <> boyun
range <> dizi
range <> dizme
range <> doğru
range <> dolaş
range <> erişm
range <> erim
range <> erimi
range <> gezme
range <> katıl
range <> kuzin
range <> menzi
range <> nişan
range <> ocak
range <> otlak
range <> sürtm
range <> sıra
range <> sıral
range <> saha
range <> silsi
range <> taraf
range <> turla
range <> uzanm
ranged <> değiş
rangefinder <> telem
rangeland <> mera
rangelands <> Meral
rangement <> çikar
rangements <> sahip
ranger <> atlı
ranger <> izci
ranger <> koruc
ranger <> orman
rangers <> Range
ranges <> aralı
ranging <> değiş
ranitidine <> ranit
rank <> çok
rank <> aşama
rank <> alâsı
rank <> bakım
rank <> berek
rank <> bol
rank <> bozul
rank <> derec
rank <> dizi
rank <> dizil
rank <> dizme
rank <> gür
rank <> iğren
rank <> kaba
rank <> kokmu
rank <> kokuş
rank <> rütbe
rank <> sınıf
rank <> sıra
rank <> sıray
rank <> saf
rank <> sayıl
rank <> sayma
rank <> tabak
rank <> tam
rank <> verim
rank <> yükse
rank <> yer 
ranked <> sırad
ranker <> alayl
ranker <> er
ranker <> erbaş
ranking <> sıral
rankings <> sıral
rankle <> acısı
rankle <> için
rankle <> içine
rankle <> irin
rankness <> bollu
rankness <> kabal
rankness <> kokmu
ranks <> sırad
ranny <> Ranny
ransack <> altüs
ransack <> altın
ransack <> yağma
ransacked <> yağma
ransom <> fidye
ransom <> günah
ransom <> kefar
ransomed <> bedel
ransoms <> fidye
rant <> ağız
rant <> atıp
rant <> ateş
rant <> bağır
rant <> farfa
rant <> yükse
ranter <> metod
ranter <> palav
ranter <> yükse
ranty <> Bu 
ranunculaceae <> Ranun
ranunculus <> düğün
rap <> çalma
rap <> şidde
rap <> azarl
rap <> beş 
rap <> görüş
rap <> hafif
rap <> kapı
rap <> mahku
rap <> metel
rap <> rap
rap <> sert
rap <> suç
rap <> suçla
rap <> tıkla
rap <> tartı
rap <> tutuk
rap <> zerre
rapacious <> açgöz
rapacious <> gözü
rapacious <> hasis
rapacious <> yırtı
rapacious <> zorba
rapaciousness <> açgöz
rapaciousness <> gözü
rapaciousness <> hırs
rapaciousness <> hasis
rapaciousness <> yırtı
rapacity <> açgöz
rapacity <> gözü
rapacity <> hırs
rapacity <> hasis
rapacity <> yırtı
rape <> üzüm
rape <> ırzın
rape <> ırza
rape <> gasp
rape <> gaspe
rape <> küçük
rape <> kız 
rape <> kaçır
rape <> kirle
rape <> kolza
rape <> tecâv
rape <> zorla
raped <> tecav
rapes <> tecav
rapeseed <> kolza
raphaelite <> Rafae
raphe <> rafe
rapid <> çabuk
rapid <> ışığa
rapid <> ani
rapid <> dik
rapid <> hızlı
rapid <> sarp
rapid <> seri
rapidity <> hız
rapidity <> sürat
rapidity <> seril
rapidly <> çarça
rapidly <> hızla
rapidly <> seri
rapidness <> hız
rapidness <> sürat
rapidness <> seril
rapids <> nehri
rapids <> suyun
rapier <> ince
rapier <> meç
rapine <> yağma
raping <> tecav
rapist <> ırz
rapist <> ırz 
rapist <> tecâv
rapists <> tecav
rapped <> vurdu
rappelling <> iple
rapper <> kapı
rapper <> kapıy
rapper <> tıkla
rappers <> rapçi
rapping <> rap
rapport <> anlaş
rapport <> dostç
rapport <> ilişk
rapport <> uyum
rapporteur <> rapor
rapporteur <> sözcü
rapporteurs <> Rapor
rapprochement <> barış
rapprochement <> uzlaş
rapprochement <> yenid
raps <> rap
rapscallion <> dayı
rapscallion <> hayla
rapscallion <> kabad
rapt <> kendi
rapt <> mest
raptorial <> yırtı
raptors <> yırtı
rapture <> kendi
rapture <> mest
raptures <> aşırı
raptures <> mest
rapturous <> coşku
rapturous <> kendi
rapturous <> mest
rare <> az 
rare <> bulun
rare <> ender
rare <> nadir
rare <> olağa
rare <> seyre
rarefaction <> seyre
rarefaction <> yoğun
rarefy <> arıtm
rarefy <> seyre
rarely <> ayda
rarely <> nadir
rarely <> seyre
rareness <> az
rareness <> az 
rareness <> ender
rareness <> nadid
rareness <> seyre
rarer <> nadir
rarest <> nadid
rarified <> görke
raring <> çok
raring <> çok 
raring <> can 
rarities <> Çeşit
rarity <> az 
rarity <> ender
rarity <> nadid
rarity <> seyre
rascal <> çapkı
rascal <> afaca
rascal <> ahlak
rascal <> alçak
rascal <> hayta
rascal <> hovar
rascal <> kötül
rascal <> kerat
rascal <> namus
rascal <> rezil
rascal <> serse
rascality <> çapkı
rascality <> ahlak
rascality <> hovar
rascality <> namus
rascally <> aşağı
rascally <> ahlak
rascally <> alçak
rascally <> namus
rascals <> Rasca
raschel <> Raşel
raser <> Raser
rash <> acele
rash <> atak
rash <> düşün
rash <> isili
rash <> kaşın
rash <> kurde
rash <> sabır
rashed <> siir
rasher <> domuz
rashes <> dökün
rashly <> acele
rashly <> düşün
rashly <> hesap
rashly <> palas
rashly <> paldı
rashness <> acele
rashness <> düşün
rashness <> ihtiy
rasp <> eğe
rasp <> eğele
rasp <> kızgı
rasp <> kulak
rasp <> renci
rasp <> sinir
rasp <> törpü
rasp <> yaral
raspberries <> ahudu
raspberry <> ağaçç
raspberry <> ahudu
rasping <> eğele
rasping <> gıcır
rasping <> kulak
rasping <> törpü
rasping <> talaş
rasping <> yonga
rasps <> törpü
rasse <> Rasse
rasses <> Rasse
rastafarian <> Rasta
raster <> raste
rasterize <> Raste
rasterized <> Raste
rasterizes <> raste
rasters <> raste
rat <> dönek
rat <> fare
rat <> grev
rat <> greve
rat <> hain
rat <> hainl
rat <> ihane
rat <> ihbar
rat <> ispiy
rat <> kalle
rat <> muhbi
rat <> parti
rat <> sıçan
rata <> orant
ratability <> değer
ratability <> vergi
ratable <> değer
ratable <> vergi
ratan <> Ratan
ratatat <> Ratat
ratbag <> gıcık
ratbag <> sevil
ratbag <> sinir
ratcatcher <> fare
ratch <> dişli
ratch <> kasta
ratch <> manda
ratchel <> Ratch
ratchet <> dişli
ratchet <> kasta
ratchet <> manda
ratcheted <> koydu
ratcheting <> cırcı
ratchets <> cırcı
rate <> ücret
rate <> addet
rate <> azarl
rate <> bedel
rate <> beled
rate <> değer
rate <> derec
rate <> emlâk
rate <> fırça
rate <> fiyat
rate <> hak 
rate <> kur
rate <> layık
rate <> olara
rate <> oranı
rate <> oran
rate <> posta
rate <> rayiç
rate <> sınıf
rate <> sayıl
rate <> sayma
rateability <> değer
rateability <> vergi
rated <> beğen
rated <> değer
rated <> vergi
ratel <> Hint
ratepayer <> vergi
rater <> değer
raters <> gözle
rates <> oranl
rather <> aksin
rather <> az 
rather <> bayağ
rather <> bilâk
rather <> daha
rather <> iyisi
rather <> olduk
rather <> terci
rathskeller <> bodru
ratification <> onay
ratification <> onayl
ratification <> tasdi
ratifications <> onama
ratified <> onayl
ratifies <> onayl
ratify <> onama
ratify <> onayl
ratify <> tasdi
ratifying <> onayl
rating <> azarl
rating <> değer
rating <> derec
rating <> fırça
rating <> izlen
rating <> ratin
rating <> sınıf
rating <> vergi
rating <> verim
ratings <> değer
ratio <> oranı
ratio <> oran
ratio <> orant
ratio <> rasyo
ratiocinate <> aklen
ratiocinate <> muhak
ratiocinate <> usavu
ration <> istih
ration <> karne
ration <> rasyo
ration <> tayın
ration <> yiyec
rational <> akılc
rational <> akla
rational <> mantı
rational <> oranl
rational <> rasyo
rationale <> gerek
rationale <> mantı
rationales <> gerek
rationalisation <> akla
rationalisation <> rasyo
rationalise <> örgüt
rationalise <> akılc
rationalise <> akla
rationalise <> rasyo
rationalise <> teşki
rationalised <> rasyo
rationalising <> rasyo
rationalism <> akılc
rationalism <> rasyo
rationalist <> akılc
rationalist <> rasyo
rationalistic <> akılc
rationalistic <> rasyo
rationalists <> rasyo
rationality <> akla
rationality <> mantı
rationality <> rasyo
rationalization <> akla
rationalization <> rasyo
rationalize <> örgüt
rationalize <> akılc
rationalize <> akla
rationalize <> rasyo
rationalize <> teşki
rationalized <> rasyo
rationalizing <> rasyo
rationally <> mantı
rationally <> rasyo
rationed <> karne
rationing <> tayın
rations <> erzak
rations <> zahir
ratios <> oranl
ratite <> karin
ratlines <> ıskal
ratlins <> ıskal
rato <> Rato
rats <> sıçan
ratsbane <> arsen
ratsbane <> fare
ratsbane <> sıçan
rattan <> duvar
rattan <> hazar
rattan <> ratta
ratten <> makin
ratten <> sabot
ratter <> avcı
ratter <> dönek
ratter <> fare
ratter <> hain
ratter <> ispiy
rattle <> çıngı
rattle <> çança
rattle <> çok 
rattle <> şaşır
rattle <> bozma
rattle <> dırdı
rattle <> gevez
rattle <> hırıl
rattle <> sinir
rattle <> tıkır
rattle <> tıngı
rattle <> takır
rattle <> vırvı
rattlebrain <> dırdı
rattlebrain <> gevez
rattlebrain <> vırvı
rattlebrained <> beyin
rattlebrained <> boş 
rattlebrained <> manka
rattled <> salla
rattler <> çıngı
rattlers <> Rattl
rattles <> salla
rattlesnake <> çıngı
rattlesnakes <> Rattl
rattletrap <> hurda
rattletrap <> külüs
rattletrap <> kırık
rattling <> çok
rattling <> harek
rattling <> pek
rattling <> son 
rattling <> tıkır
rattling <> takır
rattling <> vızır
rattrap <> fare
ratty <> asabi
ratty <> fare
ratty <> farel
ratty <> harap
ratty <> huysu
ratty <> köhne
ratty <> kılık
ratty <> pasak
ratty <> rüküş
ratty <> sinir
ratty <> yıkık
ratu <> Ratu
raucous <> boğuk
raucous <> kısık
raunchy <> şapşa
raunchy <> şom 
raunchy <> boşbo
raunchy <> dobra
ravage <> harap
ravage <> kırıp
ravage <> tahri
ravage <> yıkıc
ravage <> yıkım
ravage <> yıkma
ravage <> zarar
ravaged <> periş
ravages <> yıkım
rave <> çıldı
rave <> çılgı
rave <> abuk
rave <> coşku
rave <> deli
rave <> hayra
rave <> küple
rave <> kasan
rave <> kudur
rave <> rave
rave <> saçma
ravel <> çözül
ravel <> çözme
ravel <> dolaş
ravel <> kaçmı
ravel <> karış
ravel <> sökük
ravel <> sökül
ravel <> sökme
ravel <> tel 
ravels <> Ravel
raven <> kuzgu
ravening <> Açgöz
ravenous <> aç
ravenous <> aç 
ravenous <> açgöz
ravenous <> gözü
ravenous <> obur
ravenous <> pisbo
ravenous <> yırtı
ravens <> kuzgu
raver <> homos
raves <> Övgül
ravin <> yağma
ravine <> dağ
ravine <> dağ 
ravine <> dar 
raving <> çılgı
raving <> deli
raving <> fanta
raving <> gözü
raving <> kudur
raving <> olağa
raving <> saçma
raving <> zırva
ravings <> çılgı
ravings <> deli
ravings <> zırva
ravioli <> İtaly
ravioli <> ravio
ravish <> ırzın
ravish <> gaspe
ravish <> kâlbi
ravish <> kaçır
ravish <> kendi
ravish <> mest
ravish <> tecâv
ravish <> tutku
ravisher <> alçak
ravisher <> tecâv
ravisher <> zorba
ravishes <> Ravis
ravishing <> çekic
ravishing <> aklın
ravishing <> büyül
ravishing <> mest
raw <> çiğ
raw <> açık
raw <> acemi
raw <> bamte
raw <> deney
raw <> deris
raw <> haksı
raw <> ham
raw <> hamma
raw <> hassa
raw <> işlen
raw <> kavru
raw <> müste
raw <> olmam
raw <> pişme
raw <> saf
raw <> soğuk
raw <> taze
raw <> toy
raw <> yara
rawboned <> bir
rawboned <> bir 
rawboned <> iskel
rawboned <> kemik
rawhead <> Rawhe
rawhide <> ham 
rawhide <> kamçı
rawness <> çiğli
rawness <> acemi
rawness <> deris
rawness <> hamlı
rawness <> rutub
rawness <> sıyrı
rawness <> toylu
raws <> RAWs
rax <> RAX
ray <> ışık
ray <> ışıkl
ray <> ışıma
ray <> ışın
ray <> iz
ray <> kanat
ray <> kedib
ray <> röntg
ray <> tırpa
ray <> zerre
rayah <> Rayah
rayed <> Rayed
raygun <> Raygu
rayne <> Rayne
raynes <> Rayne
rayon <> rayon
rayon <> reyon
rayon <> yapay
rayons <> Reyon
rays <> ışınl
raytracer <> Raytr
raytracing <> ışıni
raze <> ortad
raze <> temel
raze <> yerle
razed <> yerle
razer <> Razer
razing <> dümdü
razor <> tıraş
razor <> ustur
razorback <> Razor
razorblade <> traş
razorblades <> Razor
razorfish <> çullu
razors <> jilet
razz <> ağır
razz <> alay
razz <> dalga
razzia <> akın
razzia <> köle
razzia <> yağma
razzle <> Razzl
razzles <> Razzl
re <> dair
re <> falan
re <> filan
re <> hakkı
re <> yenid
reabsorb <> tekra
reabsorbed <> emili
reabsorbing <> eritm
reabsorption <> reabs
reaccreditation <> akred
reach <> çarpm
reach <> alan
reach <> bulma
reach <> erişm
reach <> erim
reach <> etkil
reach <> geçir
reach <> idrak
reach <> ileti
reach <> isabe
reach <> kavra
reach <> menzi
reach <> ulaşı
reach <> ulaşm
reach <> uzanı
reach <> uzanm
reach <> uzatm
reach <> varma
reach <> verme
reach <> yetiş
reachability <> erişi
reachable <> ulaşı
reachable <> yetiş
reached <> ulaşt
reacher <> Reach
reaches <> ulaşı
reaching <> ulaşa
reacquire <> yenid
reacquiring <> yenid
reacquisition <> kazan
react <> karşı
react <> tepki
reactance <> reakt
reactances <> reakt
reactant <> reakt
reactants <> reakt
reacted <> tepki
reacting <> tepki
reaction <> alerj
reaction <> geri
reaction <> geric
reaction <> irtic
reaction <> karşı
reaction <> reaks
reaction <> tepki
reaction <> tepme
reactional <> tepki
reactionaries <> geric
reactionary <> geric
reactionary <> irtic
reactionary <> sağcı
reactionism <> geric
reactions <> reaks
reactivate <> tekra
reactivate <> yenid
reactivated <> yenid
reactivates <> reaks
reactivating <> reakt
reactivation <> reakt
reactivations <> reakt
reactivator <> reakt
reactive <> duyar
reactive <> reakt
reactive <> tepki
reactivities <> reakt
reactivity <> reakt
reactor <> reakt
reactor <> tepki
reactors <> reakt
reacts <> tepki
read <> çözme
read <> anlam
read <> aydın
read <> bilgi
read <> eğiti
read <> okulu
read <> okuma
read <> okumu
read <> okuna
read <> okunm
read <> sökme
read <> yorum
readability <> okuna
readable <> okuma
readable <> okuna
readably <> taraf
readapted <> Yenid
readdress <> yeni
readdressed <> yenid
reader <> antol
reader <> doçen
reader <> eleşt
reader <> okuma
reader <> okur
reader <> okutm
reader <> okuyu
readers <> okuyu
readership <> doçen
readership <> okur
readership <> okutm
readership <> okuyu
readied <> hazır
readily <> çabuc
readily <> can 
readily <> istey
readily <> kolay
readily <> seve
readiness <> çabuk
readiness <> atikl
readiness <> can 
readiness <> gönül
readiness <> hızlı
readiness <> hazır
readiness <> istek
reading <> ölçüm
reading <> bilgi
reading <> kanaa
reading <> konfe
reading <> okuma
reading <> okumu
reading <> yorum
readings <> okuma
readjust <> ayarı
readjust <> tekra
readjust <> yenid
readjusted <> aşırı
readjusting <> yenid
readjustment <> ayar
readjustment <> düzel
readjustment <> reorg
readjustment <> tekra
readjustment <> yenid
readjustments <> yenid
readjusts <> yenid
readmission <> geri
readmission <> yenid
readmissions <> yenid
readmit <> tekra
readmitted <> başvu
readout <> okuma
reads <> okunm
ready <> çabuk
ready <> amade
ready <> becer
ready <> el 
ready <> eldek
ready <> gönül
ready <> günde
ready <> hızlı
ready <> hazır
ready <> her 
ready <> istek
ready <> klişe
ready <> kolay
ready <> kulla
ready <> nakit
ready <> peşin
ready <> razı
readymade <> hazır
readymade <> konfe
readymades <> Ready
readymix <> haz>
reaffirm <> tekra
reaffirm <> yenid
reaffirm <> yinel
reaffirmation <> tekra
reaffirmation <> yenid
reaffirmed <> yinel
reaffirming <> tazel
reaffirms <> tazel
reafforest <> tekra
reagent <> ayıra
reagent <> denek
reagent <> miyar
reagent <> reaks
reagent <> reakt
reagent <> tepki
reagents <> reakt
reais <> Reali
real <> aktif
real <> asıl
real <> cidde
real <> etkin
real <> gerçe
real <> hakik
real <> real
real <> reel
real <> sabit
real <> saf
real <> sahic
real <> sahid
real <> taşın
reales <> Reale
realest <> Liste
realign <> yenid
realignment <> yenid
realisable <> gerçe
realisable <> paray
realisation <> anlam
realisation <> gerçe
realisation <> idrak
realisation <> kavra
realisation <> nakte
realisation <> paray
realisations <> gerçe
realise <> aklın
realise <> anlam
realise <> farkı
realise <> farke
realise <> gerçe
realise <> idrak
realise <> kâr e
realise <> kavra
realise <> kazan
realise <> paray
realise <> uygul
realised <> fark
realises <> anlar
realising <> fark
realism <> gerçe
realism <> reali
realist <> gerçe
realist <> reali
realistic <> gerçe
realistic <> reali
realistically <> gerçe
realists <> reali
realities <> gerçe
reality <> gerçe
reality <> hakik
reality <> reali
realizable <> gerçe
realizable <> paray
realization <> anlam
realization <> gerçe
realization <> idrak
realization <> kavra
realization <> nakte
realization <> paray
realizations <> gerçe
realize <> aklın
realize <> anlam
realize <> farkı
realize <> farke
realize <> gerçe
realize <> idrak
realize <> kâr e
realize <> kavra
realize <> kazan
realize <> paray
realize <> uygul
realized <> fark
realizes <> anlar
realizing <> fark
reallocated <> tahsi
reallocates <> yenid
reallocating <> yenid
reallocation <> yenid
reallocations <> yenid
really <> öyle
really <> aslın
really <> cidde
really <> gayet
really <> gerçe
really <> kesin
really <> mutlâ
really <> sahi
really <> sahid
realm <> ülke
realm <> alan
realm <> alem
realm <> diyar
realm <> krall
realms <> krall
realties <> gerçe
realtor <> emlâk
realtors <> Emlak
realty <> emlâk
realty <> gayri
realty <> taşın
ream <> çukur
ream <> deliğ
ream <> delik
ream <> delme
ream <> kâğıt
ream <> sıkma
ream <> suyun
reamed <> oymal
reamer <> delik
reamer <> meyve
reamer <> rayba
reamer <> sıkac
reamers <> Rayba
reaming <> oyma
rean <> REAN
reanalyze <> tekra
reanalyzed <> tekra
reanimate <> tekra
reanimate <> yenid
reanimated <> canla
reanimation <> reani
reap <> biçme
reap <> hasat
reap <> kaldı
reap <> kazan
reap <> para
reaped <> hasat
reaper <> biçer
reaper <> orakç
reapers <> orak
reaping <> hasat
reappear <> tekra
reappear <> yenid
reappearance <> tekra
reappearance <> yenid
reappeared <> görün
reappearing <> Reapp
reappears <> yenid
reapplication <> tekra
reapplication <> yenid
reapplications <> tekra
reapplies <> yenid
reapply <> tekra
reapply <> yenid
reapplying <> yenid
reappoint <> yenid
reappointment <> yenid
reappraisal <> tekra
reappraisal <> yenid
reappraise <> tekra
reappraise <> yenid
reapproaching <> Yenid
reapproving <> yenid
rear <> şahla
rear <> arka
rear <> arkad
rear <> art
rear <> büyüt
rear <> dikme
rear <> geri
rear <> inşa
rear <> kıç
rear <> kaldı
rear <> popo
rear <> ters
rear <> tuval
rear <> yükse
rear <> yetiş
rear <> yukar
reared <> yetiş
rearguard <> artçı
rearguard <> dümda
rearing <> yetiş
rearm <> moder
rearm <> yenid
rearmament <> moder
rearmament <> yenid
rearmed <> Rearm
rearmost <> en
rearmost <> en 
rearrange <> yenid
rearranged <> yenid
rearrangement <> düzen
rearrangements <> çevri
rearranges <> yenid
rearranging <> yenid
rearview <> dikiz
rearward <> arka
rearward <> arkad
rearward <> arkay
rearward <> geri
rearward <> geriy
rearwards <> arkay
rearwards <> geriy
reason <> çözme
reason <> adale
reason <> akıl
reason <> bulma
reason <> düşün
reason <> etraf
reason <> görüş
reason <> gerek
reason <> hikme
reason <> ikna
reason <> insaf
reason <> kanıt
reason <> konuş
reason <> mantı
reason <> muhak
reason <> neden
reason <> sağdu
reason <> sebep
reason <> sonuç
reason <> sonuc
reason <> us
reason <> usavu
reason <> uslam
reasonable <> akılc
reasonable <> akıll
reasonable <> akla
reasonable <> makul
reasonable <> mantı
reasonableness <> makul
reasonably <> akla
reasonably <> epey
reasonably <> makul
reasonably <> mantı
reasonably <> olduk
reasoned <> gerek
reasoner <> mantı
reasoning <> düşün
reasoning <> kanıt
reasoning <> mantı
reasoning <> muhak
reasoning <> neden
reasoning <> tümev
reasoning <> usavu
reasons <> neden
reassemble <> tekra
reassemble <> yenid
reassembled <> yenid
reassembling <> yenid
reassert <> tekra
reassert <> yenid
reasserted <> vurgu
reasserts <> yenid
reassess <> yenid
reassessed <> yenid
reassessing <> yenid
reassessment <> yenid
reassign <> yenid
reassigned <> yenid
reassigning <> Yenid
reassignment <> yenid
reassignments <> atama
reassigns <> yenid
reassociated <> yenid
reassortants <> yenid
reassurance <> doyur
reassurance <> güven
reassurance <> içini
reassurance <> reasü
reassurance <> yenid
reassurance <> yenil
reassurances <> güven
reassure <> güven
reassure <> sigor
reassure <> tekra
reassure <> yenid
reassured <> güven
reassures <> güven
reassuring <> güven
reattach <> yatış
reattached <> yatış
reattaching <> Tekra
reattachment <> yatış
reauthenticate <> yenid
reauthenticates <> Yenid
reauthentication <> yenid
reave <> yağma
reave <> zapte
reave <> zorla
reaver <> istil
reaver <> yağma
reaves <> Reave
reawakened <> tekra
reawakening <> uyanm
reback <> Rebac
rebalance <> denge
rebalances <> yenid
rebalancing <> Denge
rebaptism <> yenid
rebaptize <> yenid
rebar <> inşaa
rebars <> donat
rebate <> iade
rebate <> indir
rebate <> para
rebated <> binil
rebates <> indir
rebating <> oluk
rebbe <> Rebbe
rebeck <> Rebec
rebel <> asi
rebel <> ayakl
rebel <> başka
rebel <> isyan
rebelled <> isyan
rebelling <> isyan
rebellion <> ayakl
rebellion <> başka
rebellion <> isyan
rebellions <> ayakl
rebellious <> asi
rebellious <> inatç
rebellious <> isyan
rebellious <> serke
rebelliousness <> isyan
rebels <> isyan
rebid <> rebid
rebinding <> yenid
rebirth <> canla
rebirth <> rönes
rebirth <> yenid
rebirthing <> Rebir
rebit <> Rebit
rebooking <> rezer
reboot <> yenid
rebooted <> yenid
rebooter <> Reboo
rebooting <> yenid
reboots <> yenid
rebore <> büyüt
rebore <> deliğ
reborn <> yenid
rebound <> çarpı
rebound <> geri
rebound <> reaks
rebound <> rezon
rebound <> sekme
rebound <> tepki
rebound <> yankı
rebound <> yansı
rebound <> yenid
rebounded <> ulaşı
rebounders <> Tramb
rebounding <> ribau
rebounds <> ribau
rebox <> REBOX
rebranding <> Rebra
rebreathing <> geri
rebroadcast <> nakle
rebroadcast <> tekra
rebroadcasting <> Yenid
rebroadcasts <> tekra
rebuff <> geri
rebuff <> ret
rebuff <> ters
rebuff <> tersl
rebuffed <> inkâr
rebuild <> yenid
rebuild <> yenil
rebuilding <> yenid
rebuilds <> tekra
rebuilt <> yenid
rebuke <> azar
rebuke <> azarl
rebuke <> payla
rebuke <> sitem
rebuked <> azarl
rebukes <> azarl
rebus <> resim
rebut <> çürüt
rebut <> aksin
rebut <> redde
rebuttable <> çürüt
rebuttal <> çürüt
rebuttal <> aksin
rebuttal <> yanlı
rebuttals <> dille
rebutter <> daval
rebuy <> Rebuy
rebuying <> Yenid
rebuys <> yenid
recalcitrance <> aksil
recalcitrance <> inatç
recalcitrance <> söz 
recalcitrant <> aksi
recalcitrant <> inatç
recalcitrant <> söz 
recalcitrate <> aksil
recalcitrate <> inat
recalcitrate <> karşı
recalcitrate <> söz 
recalculate <> yenid
recalculated <> yenid
recalculates <> yenid
recalculating <> hesap
recalculation <> yenid
recalibrate <> kalib
recalibrated <> kalib
recalibration <> kalib
recall <> anıms
recall <> azlet
recall <> dönme
recall <> feshe
recall <> geri
recall <> hatır
recall <> iptal
recall <> uyand
recallable <> geri
recalled <> hatır
recalling <> hatır
recalls <> hatır
recamier <> Recam
recanalise <> rekan
recanalization <> rekan
recanalized <> rekan
recant <> cayma
recant <> dönme
recant <> fikri
recant <> sözün
recant <> vazge
recantation <> cayma
recantation <> sözün
recantation <> vazge
recap <> kapla
recap <> tekra
recap <> yenid
recapitalisation <> serma
recapitalise <> yenid
recapitalised <> serma
recapitalization <> serma
recapitalizations <> serma
recapitalize <> yenid
recapitalized <> yenid
recapitulate <> tekra
recapitulate <> yenid
recapitulate <> yinel
recapitulation <> tekra
recapitulation <> yenid
recapped <> bağla
recapping <> kapak
recapture <> geri
recapture <> hatır
recapture <> tekra
recapture <> yenid
recaptured <> geri
recapturing <> tekra
recast <> şekli
recast <> değiş
recast <> yenid
recce <> keşif
recco <> Recco
recede <> çekil
recede <> düşme
recede <> geri
recede <> geril
recede <> ortad
recede <> uzakl
recede <> vazge
receded <> geril
recedes <> düzel
receding <> basık
receding <> içe 
receipt <> alınd
receipt <> alınm
receipt <> alma
receipt <> fiş
receipt <> fiş 
receipt <> hasıl
receipt <> kazan
receipt <> makbu
receipt <> reçet
receipt <> tarif
receipt <> yemek
receipts <> makbu
receivable <> alına
receivable <> alaca
receivable <> kabul
receivables <> alaca
receival <> ulaşt
receive <> çekme
receive <> ağırl
receive <> aşai
receive <> almak
receive <> başın
receive <> evsah
receive <> kabul
receive <> kaldı
receive <> karşı
receive <> paras
receive <> tesli
receive <> uğram
received <> Alına
received <> geçer
received <> kabul
received <> tesli
receiver <> ahize
receiver <> alıcı
receiver <> icra
receiver <> kabul
receiver <> tahsi
receiver <> topla
receiver <> yatak
receiver <> yedie
receivers <> alıcı
receivership <> tasfi
receivership <> yedie
receives <> alır
receiving <> Alıcı
receiving <> alış
receiving <> kabul
receiving <> yatak
receiving <> yayın
recency <> yakın
recency <> yenil
recension <> düzel
recent <> son
recent <> son 
recent <> yeni
recenter <> yenid
recently <> bu 
recently <> geçen
recently <> son 
recently <> yakın
recently <> yeni
recept <> alımı
receptacle <> çiçek
receptacle <> depo
receptacle <> duy
receptacle <> hazne
receptacle <> kap
receptacle <> priz
receptacle <> zarf
receptacles <> kapla
reception <> alış
reception <> alma
reception <> kabul
reception <> karşı
reception <> resep
reception <> tepki
receptionist <> karşı
receptionist <> resep
receptionists <> resep
receptions <> resep
receptive <> çabuk
receptive <> anlay
receptive <> yeni
receptiveness <> oluşu
receptivity <> çabuk
receptivity <> alıcı
receptivity <> yayın
receptor <> resep
receptors <> resep
recertification <> yenid
recertified <> serti
recess <> ara
recess <> ara 
recess <> boşlu
recess <> girin
recess <> gizli
recess <> kovuk
recess <> mola
recess <> oymak
recess <> paydo
recess <> tatil
recess <> yatak
recess <> yer 
recess <> yuva
recessed <> gömme
recesses <> girin
recession <> düşüş
recession <> durgu
recession <> geri
recession <> geril
recession <> girin
recessional <> ara
recessional <> düşüş
recessional <> durgu
recessional <> geril
recessional <> kapan
recessional <> tatil
recessionary <> durgu
recessions <> durgu
recessively <> reses
rechallenge <> yenid
recharge <> şarj
recharge <> tekra
recharge <> yenid
rechargeable <> şarj
rechargeables <> Şarj
recharged <> şarj
recharger <> şarj
recharges <> şarj
recharging <> şarj
recheck <> tekra
recherche <> özenl
recherche <> nadid
recherche <> seçil
recherche <> seçme
recherche <> yapma
recherche <> zarif
rechristen <> yenid
rechristening <> yenid
recidivist <> sabık
recidivist <> tekra
recidivous <> sabık
recipe <> reçet
recipe <> tarif
recipe <> yemek
recipes <> yemek
recipient <> alıcı
recipient <> alan
recipient <> duyar
recipient <> hassa
recipient <> yatkı
recipients <> Alıcı
reciprocal <> çift
reciprocal <> evrik
reciprocal <> işteş
reciprocal <> karşı
reciprocally <> karşı
reciprocals <> resip
reciprocate <> aşağı
reciprocate <> acısı
reciprocate <> karşı
reciprocated <> karşı
reciprocating <> karşı
reciprocating <> pisto
reciprocation <> ileri
reciprocation <> karşı
reciprocative <> iki 
reciprocator <> resip
reciprocity <> karşı
recirculate <> sirkü
recirculated <> sirkü
recirculating <> sirkü
recirculation <> sirkü
recit <> Uyg
recital <> öykü
recital <> anlat
recital <> beyan
recital <> ezber
recital <> hikây
recital <> ifade
recital <> resit
recital <> solis
recitalist <> resit
recitals <> resit
recitation <> anlat
recitation <> ezber
recitation <> nakle
recitation <> probl
recitative <> konuş
recite <> belge
recite <> ezber
recite <> sayıp
recited <> okund
reciter <> ezber
recites <> okur
reciting <> okuya
reck <> düşün
reck <> dikka
reckless <> çekin
reckless <> aldır
reckless <> atılg
reckless <> atak
reckless <> düşün
reckless <> kayıt
reckless <> lakay
reckless <> lauba
reckless <> perva
reckless <> umurs
recklessly <> çekin
recklessly <> düşün
recklessly <> dikka
recklessly <> lakay
recklessly <> sakın
recklessly <> umurs
recklessness <> düşün
recklessness <> dikka
recklessness <> perva
recklessness <> umurs
reckon <> hükme
reckon <> hesap
reckon <> sayma
reckoned <> hesab
reckoner <> hesap
reckoner <> sayan
reckoners <> Hesab
reckoning <> hesap
reckoning <> konum
reckoning <> sayma
reckoning <> yer 
reclaim <> ıslah
reclaim <> düzel
reclaim <> değer
reclaim <> evcil
reclaim <> geliş
reclaim <> geri
reclaim <> iades
reclaim <> meden
reclaim <> yenid
reclaim <> yola
reclaimable <> ıslah
reclaimable <> düzel
reclaimable <> evcil
reclaimable <> iyile
reclaimable <> tarım
reclaimable <> tekra
reclaimed <> geri
reclaimer <> Recla
reclaiming <> geri
reclamation <> ıslah
reclamation <> arazi
reclamation <> değer
reclamation <> geri
reclamation <> iades
reclamation <> iyile
reclamation <> tarım
reclamation <> yenid
reclame <> RECLA
reclassification <> Sınıf
reclassifications <> sınıf
reclassified <> ayrış
reclassify <> sınıf
reclassifying <> yenid
recline <> arkay
recline <> birbi
recline <> dayam
recline <> uzanm
recline <> yasla
recline <> yatma
recliner <> RECLI
reclining <> yasla
reclosable <> Yenid
reclosing <> tekra
recluse <> köşes
recluse <> keşiş
recluse <> toplu
recluse <> uzak
reclusion <> inziv
reclusive <> münze
recoat <> İkinc
recoating <> atılm
recognisable <> ayırt
recognisable <> farke
recognisable <> tanın
recognise <> ayırt
recognise <> farkı
recognise <> farke
recognise <> itira
recognise <> kabul
recognise <> onayl
recognise <> söz 
recognise <> takdi
recognise <> tanım
recognised <> tanıd
recognises <> tanır
recognising <> tanım
recognition <> doğru
recognition <> kabul
recognition <> onayl
recognition <> takdi
recognition <> tanım
recognition <> tanın
recognition <> tanıt
recognitions <> Tanım
recognizable <> ayırt
recognizable <> farke
recognizable <> tanın
recognizance <> kefal
recognizance <> tanım
recognizance <> temin
recognizant <> bilen
recognizant <> onayl
recognizant <> tanıy
recognization <> algıl
recognize <> ayırt
recognize <> farkı
recognize <> farke
recognize <> itira
recognize <> kabul
recognize <> onayl
recognize <> söz 
recognize <> takdi
recognize <> tanım
recognized <> tanıd
recognizer <> tanıy
recognizers <> tanıy
recognizes <> tanır
recognizing <> tanım
recoil <> ürkme
recoil <> geri
recoil <> irkil
recoiling <> Sürme
recoilless <> geri
recoilless <> seğir
recollect <> anıms
recollect <> hatır
recollected <> hatır
recollecting <> topla
recollection <> anı
recollection <> belle
recollection <> hafız
recollection <> hatır
recollections <> hatır
recollects <> hatır
recolor <> renkl
recolored <> Recol
recoloring <> yenid
recolours <> Recol
recombinant <> rekom
recombinants <> rekom
recombinase <> Rekom
recombinases <> rekom
recombination <> rekom
recombinations <> rekom
recommenced <> uygul
recommences <> tavsi
recommend <> öğütl
recommend <> önerm
recommend <> beğen
recommend <> iyi 
recommend <> salık
recommend <> tavsi
recommend <> tembi
recommendable <> tavsi
recommendation <> öğüt
recommendation <> öğütl
recommendation <> tavsi
recommendations <> öneri
recommendatory <> öneri
recommendatory <> tavsi
recommended <> Tavsi
recommender <> Refer
recommending <> tavsi
recommends <> öneri
recommission <> tekra
recommission <> yenid
recommit <> tekra
recommit <> yenid
recompense <> ödül
recompense <> ödüll
recompense <> ceza
recompense <> cezas
recompense <> hakkı
recompense <> karşı
recompense <> misil
recompense <> tazmi
recompense <> telaf
recompensed <> cezas
recompilation <> derle
recompilations <> yenid
recompile <> derle
recompiled <> yenid
recompiles <> derle
recompiling <> derle
recompose <> tekra
recompose <> yenid
recompress <> yenid
recompressed <> yenid
recompressing <> tekra
recompression <> Basın
recompute <> Özeti
reconcilable <> arala
reconcilable <> barış
reconcilable <> uzlaş
reconcile <> ara 
reconcile <> arabu
reconcile <> arala
reconcile <> bağda
reconcile <> barış
reconcile <> kilis
reconcile <> uydur
reconcile <> uzlaş
reconciled <> uzlaş
reconciles <> uzlaş
reconciliation <> barış
reconciliation <> uzlaş
reconciliations <> mutab
reconciliatory <> uzlaş
reconciling <> uzlaş
recondite <> çapra
recondite <> anlaş
recondite <> bilin
recondite <> derin
recondition <> tamir
recondition <> yenil
reconditioned <> onarı
reconditioned <> yenil
reconditioning <> yenil
reconditions <> ıslah
reconfigurable <> yenid
reconfiguration <> yenid
reconfigurations <> yenid
reconfigurator <> Recon
reconfigured <> yenid
reconfigures <> yenid
reconfiguring <> yenid
reconfirm <> teyit
reconfirmation <> teyit
reconfirmed <> teyit
reconfirms <> tekra
reconfort <> ettir
reconnaissance <> arama
reconnaissance <> keşif
reconnect <> yenid
reconnected <> bağla
reconnection <> yenid
reconnects <> yenid
reconnoiter <> araşt
reconnoiter <> incel
reconnoiter <> keşif
reconnoitre <> araşt
reconnoitre <> incel
reconnoitre <> keşif
reconnoitring <> keşif
reconquest <> fethi
reconsecrated <> yenid
reconsider <> muhak
reconsider <> tekra
reconsider <> yenid
reconsideration <> tekra
reconsideration <> yenid
reconsidered <> yenid
reconsidering <> gözde
reconsiders <> tekra
reconstituent <> yenid
reconstitute <> parça
reconstitute <> su 
reconstitute <> sulan
reconstitute <> yenid
reconstituted <> sulan
reconstitutes <> yenid
reconstituting <> yenid
reconstitution <> sulan
reconstruct <> bozup
reconstruct <> imar
reconstruct <> kalkı
reconstruct <> yeni
reconstruct <> yenid
reconstructed <> bozma
reconstructed <> yenid
reconstructing <> yenid
reconstruction <> imar
reconstruction <> kalkı
reconstruction <> tekra
reconstruction <> yenid
reconstructions <> rekon
reconstructive <> rekon
reconstructor <> Yenid
reconstructs <> yenid
recontacts <> yüzey
recontamination <> bulaş
recontextualize <> yenid
reconversion <> reorg
reconversion <> yenid
reconvert <> reorg
reconvert <> yenid
record <> çekme
record <> şöhre
record <> belge
record <> dosya
record <> isim
record <> kütük
record <> kayıt
record <> kayda
record <> kayde
record <> not 
record <> plak
record <> rapor
record <> rekor
record <> sicil
record <> tutan
record <> vesik
record <> yazma
recordable <> kayde
recordation <> Kayde
recorded <> kayıt
recorded <> kayde
recorder <> flavt
recorder <> hakim
recorder <> kayde
recorder <> sayaç
recorder <> ses 
recorder <> sicil
recorder <> teyp
recorder <> zabıt
recorders <> kayde
recording <> bant
recording <> kayıt
recording <> kayda
recording <> ses 
recording <> yazıc
recording <> zabıt
recording <> zapta
recordings <> kayıt
recordist <> kayıt
recordkeeping <> kayıt
records <> arşiv
records <> kayıt
records <> zabıt
recored <> kayde
recount <> anlat
recount <> nakle
recount <> sayıp
recounted <> anlat
recounting <> anlat
recounts <> anlat
recoup <> ödeme
recoup <> karşı
recoup <> paras
recoup <> tazmi
recoup <> telâf
recoup <> yerin
recouped <> telaf
recouping <> telaf
recoupment <> telaf
recourse <> başvu
recourse <> rücu
recourse <> yardı
recourses <> kayna
recover <> ayılm
recover <> düzel
recover <> davay
recover <> değer
recover <> geri
recover <> iyile
recover <> kılıc
recover <> kendi
recover <> kurta
recover <> kurtu
recover <> telâf
recover <> telaf
recover <> topla
recover <> yerin
recoverability <> kurta
recoverable <> düzel
recoverable <> geri
recoverable <> iyile
recoverable <> resto
recoverable <> tekra
recoverable <> telâf
recovered <> kurta
recoveries <> kurta
recovering <> kurta
recovers <> kurta
recovery <> düzel
recovery <> geri
recovery <> iyile
recovery <> kurta
recovery <> kurtu
recovery <> tazmi
recreancy <> ödlek
recreancy <> alçak
recreancy <> hainl
recreancy <> korka
recreant <> ödlek
recreant <> alçak
recreant <> hain
recreant <> korka
recreate <> canla
recreate <> dinle
recreate <> eğlen
recreate <> tazel
recreate <> yenid
recreated <> yenid
recreates <> başta
recreating <> eğlen
recreation <> ara
recreation <> boş 
recreation <> dinle
recreation <> eğlen
recreation <> hoşça
recreation <> rekre
recreation <> tenef
recreational <> dinle
recreational <> eğlen
recreations <> canla
recreative <> dinle
recreative <> eğlen
recriminate <> birbi
recriminate <> suçla
recrimination <> birbi
recrimination <> karşı
recriminations <> suçla
recrudesce <> açılm
recrudesce <> kötüy
recrudesce <> nükse
recrudesce <> tekra
recrudesce <> yenid
recrudescence <> açılm
recrudescence <> tekra
recrudescence <> yenid
recruit <> acemi
recruit <> asker
recruit <> iyile
recruit <> kuvve
recruit <> silâh
recruit <> topla
recruit <> yeni
recruited <> işe
recruiter <> İşver
recruiters <> İşver
recruiting <> asker
recruiting <> işe
recruitment <> asker
recruitment <> güçle
recruitment <> işe
recruitment <> iyile
recruitment <> takvi
recruitments <> elema
recruits <> acemi
recrystallised <> rekri
recrystallization <> yenid
recrystallized <> rekri
rectal <> anal
rectal <> rekta
rectal <> rektu
rectally <> rekta
rectangle <> dikdö
rectangles <> dikdö
rectangular <> dik 
rectangular <> dikdö
rectangularly <> dikdö
recti <> gider
rectifiable <> düzel
rectifiable <> doğru
rectification <> düzel
rectification <> damıt
rectification <> doğru
rectifications <> düzel
rectified <> rekti
rectifier <> düzel
rectifier <> doğru
rectifiers <> doğru
rectifies <> düzel
rectify <> düzel
rectify <> damıt
rectify <> doğru
rectify <> taşla
rectify <> uzunl
rectifying <> rekti
rectilineal <> düz 
rectilinear <> düz 
rectitude <> dürüs
rectitude <> doğru
rectocele <> rekto
rector <> bölge
rector <> mahal
rector <> rektö
rectoral <> Rektö
rectorate <> papaz
rectorate <> rektö
rectorial <> Rektö
rectors <> Rektö
rectorship <> papaz
rectorship <> rektö
rectory <> bölge
rectoscopy <> rekto
rectosigmoid <> rekto
rectovaginal <> rekto
rectrix <> kuyru
rectum <> göden
rectum <> rektu
rectus <> rektu
recumbency <> dinle
recumbency <> uzanm
recumbency <> yatma
recumbent <> arkas
recumbent <> dinle
recumbent <> uzana
recumbent <> yasla
recuperate <> iyile
recuperate <> telâf
recuperate <> yenid
recuperate <> zarar
recuperated <> iyile
recuperates <> iyile
recuperation <> iyile
recuperation <> karşı
recuperation <> sağlı
recuperation <> telâf
recuperative <> güçle
recuperative <> iyi 
recuperative <> iyile
recuperative <> sağlı
recuperator <> reküp
recur <> başla
recur <> hatır
recur <> tekra
recur <> yenid
recur <> yinel
recured <> rekür
recurred <> nükse
recurrence <> başa
recurrence <> nükse
recurrence <> teker
recurrence <> tekra
recurrence <> yinel
recurrences <> nüks
recurrency <> rekür
recurrens <> nüks
recurrent <> devir
recurrent <> geri
recurrent <> tekra
recurrent <> yinel
recurring <> devir
recurring <> tekra
recurring <> yinel
recurs <> nükse
recursion <> özyin
recursions <> özyin
recursively <> ardış
recurve <> Olimp
recused <> redde
recyclability <> Geri
recyclable <> geri
recyclables <> geri
recyclate <> gerid
recyclates <> geri
recycle <> değer
recycle <> geri
recycle <> yenid
recycled <> geri
recycler <> geri
recyclers <> gerid
recycles <> geri
recycling <> geri
recycling <> yenid
red <> Rus
red <> al
red <> borç
red <> borçl
red <> kırmı
red <> kızıl
red <> kızar
red <> kızgı
red <> komün
red <> solcu
redact <> baskı
redact <> yazıy
redacted <> Redac
redaction <> baskı
redaction <> düzel
redaction <> redak
redaction <> yeni
redactor <> redak
redactors <> redak
redan <> dış
redan <> dış 
redback <> Redba
redbird <> Redbi
redbone <> Redbo
redbreast <> kızıl
redbreast <> narbü
redbrick <> kırmı
redbud <> Redbu
redcap <> asker
redcap <> bagaj
redcoat <> İngil
redd <> Redd
redden <> kırmı
redden <> kızıl
redden <> kızar
reddened <> kızar
reddening <> kızar
reddens <> kızar
redder <> daha
redding <> Reddi
reddish <> kırmı
reddish <> kızıl
reddle <> kırmı
reddy <> kırmı
reddy <> kızıl
rede <> atasö
rede <> deyim
rede <> hikây
rede <> kıssa
rede <> nasih
rede <> tavsi
redeclared <> yenid
redecorate <> şekli
redecorating <> tadil
redecoration <> tadil
rededicates <> bir
redeem <> ödeme
redeem <> amort
redeem <> fidye
redeem <> günah
redeem <> kurta
redeem <> para
redeem <> telâf
redeem <> tutma
redeem <> yerin
redeemable <> ödeme
redeemable <> ödeni
redeemable <> affed
redeemable <> amort
redeemable <> bağış
redeemable <> kurta
redeemable <> paray
redeemable <> telâf
redeemed <> itfa
redeemer <> kurta
redeeming <> kurta
redefine <> yenid
redefined <> yenid
redefines <> yenid
redefining <> yenid
redefinition <> yenid
redeliver <> yenid
redemption <> ödeme
redemption <> amort
redemption <> borçt
redemption <> kefar
redemption <> kurta
redemption <> paray
redemption <> telâf
redemption <> tutma
redemption <> yerin
redemptions <> İtfa
redemptive <> kurta
redeploy <> yenid
redeployed <> yoğun
redeployment <> reorg
redeployment <> yenid
redeploys <> görev
redeposited <> yenid
redes <> Redes
redesign <> yenid
redesigned <> Yenid
redesigning <> yenid
redevelop <> tekra
redevelop <> yenid
redevelopment <> tekra
redevelopment <> yenid
redeye <> kırmı
redeyes <> Redey
redheaded <> kızıl
redheads <> Redhe
redhibition <> hile
redhibition <> sözle
redhorn <> Kızıl
redhot <> Redho
redial <> Tekra
redialing <> tekra
redialled <> Tekra
redialling <> yenid
redials <> tekra
redifferentiation <> Redif
reding <> Redin
redingote <> Redin
redintegrate <> eski
redintegrate <> resto
redintegrate <> tamir
redintegrate <> yenil
redirect <> başka
redirect <> yönün
redirect <> yönle
redirect <> yeni
redirected <> yönle
redirecting <> yönle
redirection <> yenid
redirections <> yönle
redirector <> yönle
redirectors <> yönle
redirects <> yönle
rediscount <> kırdı
rediscount <> reesk
rediscounted <> reesk
rediscounts <> reesk
rediscover <> yenid
rediscovered <> yenid
rediscovering <> yenid
rediscovers <> yenid
rediscovery <> yenid
redisplay <> tekra
redisplayed <> yenid
redisplays <> yenid
redissolve <> tekra
redistillation <> damıt
redistribute <> yenid
redistributed <> dağıt
redistributes <> dağıt
redistributing <> dağıt
redistribution <> yenid
redistributions <> dağıt
redneck <> cahil
rednecks <> Redne
redness <> allık
redness <> kırmı
redo <> başta
redo <> tekra
redo <> yenid
redoes <> yinel
redolence <> ıtır
redolence <> hoş 
redolence <> koku
redolent <> güzel
redolent <> hatır
redolent <> kokul
redon <> Redon
redouble <> iki
redouble <> iki 
redouble <> yenid
redoubled <> kat
redoubles <> ikiye
redoubt <> palan
redoubt <> tabya
redoubtable <> cesur
redoubtable <> heybe
redoubtable <> korku
redoubtable <> yiğit
redoubtable <> zorlu
redound <> arttı
redound <> geril
redound <> iyi 
redound <> kazan
redound <> sonuç
redound <> yarar
redout <> göz
redout <> göz 
redox <> redok
redpoll <> kızıl
redpoll <> kenev
redrafting <> tasla
redraw <> tekra
redraw <> yenid
redrawing <> yenid
redrawn <> yenid
redraws <> yenid
redress <> çözüm
redress <> çare
redress <> ödeme
redress <> düzel
redress <> karşı
redress <> onarm
redress <> tazmi
redress <> telâf
redressers <> Redre
redressing <> gider
redry <> Kurut
redrying <> Kurut
reds <> kırmı
redshank <> kızıl
redshift <> kırmı
redshifts <> kırmı
redskin <> kızıl
redskins <> Redsk
redstart <> kızıl
reduce <> özetl
reduce <> alçal
reduce <> ayırm
reduce <> azalt
reduce <> bölme
reduce <> dönüş
reduce <> düşür
reduce <> eksil
reduce <> ergit
reduce <> eritm
reduce <> halin
reduce <> incel
reduce <> indir
reduce <> küçül
reduce <> kırma
reduce <> kısal
reduce <> kısma
reduce <> mecbu
reduce <> sadel
reduce <> sarsm
reduce <> yerin
reduce <> zayıf
reduce <> zorun
reduced <> azalt
reduced <> indir
reducer <> indir
reducer <> negat
reducer <> redük
reducers <> redük
reduces <> azalt
reducibility <> indir
reducible <> azalt
reducible <> dönüş
reducible <> indir
reducing <> azalm
reducing <> azalt
reducing <> indir
reducing <> küçül
reducing <> kısma
reducing <> zayıf
reduct <> Redük
reductant <> indir
reductase <> redük
reductases <> redük
reducted <> redük
reduction <> ayırm
reduction <> azalm
reduction <> boyun
reduction <> dönüş
reduction <> düşüş
reduction <> düşür
reduction <> ergim
reduction <> halin
reduction <> indir
reduction <> iskon
reduction <> küçül
reduction <> negat
reduction <> yerin
reductionism <> indir
reductionist <> indir
reductionistic <> indir
reductions <> indir
reductive <> indir
reductor <> redük
reductors <> redük
reduit <> Redui
redundance <> gereğ
redundance <> gerek
redundance <> ihtiy
redundance <> laf 
redundance <> yazıd
redundancies <> fazla
redundancy <> fazla
redundancy <> gereğ
redundancy <> gerek
redundancy <> ihtiy
redundancy <> laf 
redundancy <> yazıd
redundant <> anlam
redundant <> gereğ
redundant <> gerek
redundant <> işten
redundant <> ihtiy
redundant <> lâf k
redundant <> lüzum
redundantly <> Yedek
reduplicate <> iki 
reduplicate <> ikile
reduplicate <> tekra
reduplication <> iki 
reduplication <> tekra
reduplications <> ikile
redwing <> kızıl
redwings <> Redwi
redwood <> kızıl
redwood <> sekoy
redwoods <> servi
reebok <> Reebo
reed <> düdük
reed <> dokum
reed <> jüdor
reed <> kamış
reed <> kaval
reed <> saz
reed <> sipsi
reedbed <> sazlı
reeded <> Tırtı
reeder <> Reede
reedit <> yenid
reedited <> yenid
reedmace <> su 
reeds <> hasır
reeds <> saz 
reeds <> sazlı
reeducate <> yenid
reeducation <> yenid
reedy <> kamış
reedy <> sazlı
reef <> altın
reef <> camad
reef <> ihtiy
reef <> kayal
reef <> resif
reef <> sığ 
reef <> temki
reefer <> buzdo
reefer <> camad
reefer <> deniz
reefer <> esrar
reefer <> kısa
reefer <> soğuk
reefers <> Reefe
reefs <> resif
reek <> buğu
reek <> buğul
reek <> kötü
reek <> kokma
reek <> pis 
reek <> tütme
reeker <> Reeke
reekie <> Reeki
reeking <> kokan
reeks <> Reeks
reeky <> duman
reeky <> pis 
reeky <> tüten
reel <> çiftl
reel <> bobin
reel <> dönme
reel <> dolam
reel <> fırıl
reel <> makar
reel <> sarma
reel <> sende
reel <> serse
reelected <> hüküm
reelection <> yenid
reeling <> çile
reels <> makar
reemerged <> yenid
reengineer <> değiş
reengineered <> yenid
reengineering <> yenid
reenter <> yenid
reentered <> yandı
reenters <> girer
reentry <> iniş
reequip <> TRUCK
rees <> Rees
reestablish <> yenid
reestablishing <> kurma
reestablishment <> yenid
reevaluate <> yenid
reevaluated <> derin
reevaluates <> yenid
reevaluating <> tekra
reevaluation <> yenid
reeve <> delik
reeve <> kasab
reeve <> muhta
reeves <> Reeve
reeving <> Donam
reexamination <> yenid
reexamined <> yenid
reexport <> yenid
refactor <> Refac
refashion <> şekli
refashion <> tipin
refection <> atışt
refection <> hafif
refectories <> yemek
refectory <> yemek
refeeding <> yenid
refeel <> duyma
refer <> ait 
refer <> atfet
refer <> başvu
refer <> bahse
refer <> bakma
refer <> değin
refer <> gönde
refer <> ilgil
refer <> ima 
refer <> kaste
refer <> sevke
refer <> yarar
referable <> atfed
referable <> başvu
referable <> bakıl
referable <> gönde
referable <> sevke
referable <> yarar
referee <> bilir
referee <> ekspe
referee <> hakem
referee <> rapor
refereed <> hakem
refereeing <> hakem
referees <> Hakem
reference <> örnek
reference <> ait 
reference <> başvu
reference <> bakma
reference <> belge
reference <> bilir
reference <> bonse
reference <> ekspe
reference <> gönde
reference <> haval
reference <> ilgi
reference <> ilişk
reference <> ima
reference <> karşı
reference <> kaste
reference <> kayna
reference <> refer
reference <> yarar
referenced <> Başvu
referencer <> Bilgi
references <> refer
referencing <> refer
referenda <> refer
referendum <> halko
referendum <> refer
referendums <> refer
referent <> refer
referential <> başvu
referents <> bildi
referral <> sevk
referrals <> Tavsi
referred <> sevk
referrer <> yönle
referrers <> yönle
referring <> atıft
refers <> ifade
refill <> doldu
refill <> iç
refill <> tekra
refill <> yedek
refill <> yenid
refillable <> doldu
refilled <> doldu
refilling <> doldu
refills <> yedek
refinance <> Refin
refine <> arıtm
refine <> düzel
refine <> güzel
refine <> geliş
refine <> ince
refine <> incel
refine <> kılı
refine <> kibar
refine <> rafin
refine <> safla
refined <> arıtı
refined <> dakik
refined <> işlen
refined <> ince
refined <> kibar
refined <> rafin
refined <> saf
refinement <> arıtm
refinement <> düzel
refinement <> detay
refinement <> geliş
refinement <> incel
refinement <> kibar
refinement <> saflı
refinement <> tasfi
refinements <> ayrın
refiner <> arıtı
refiner <> düzel
refiner <> detay
refiner <> geliş
refiner <> ince
refineries <> rafin
refiners <> rafin
refinery <> arıtm
refinery <> kal 
refinery <> rafin
refines <> yenil
refining <> incel
refinish <> Refin
refinishing <> Refin
refit <> onarm
refit <> tamir
refit <> yenid
refitment <> onarı
refitment <> tamir
refitment <> yenid
refits <> Refit
refitting <> Yenil
refix <> Refix
reflect <> akset
reflect <> düşün
reflect <> ifade
reflect <> yansı
reflectance <> yansı
reflectances <> yansı
reflected <> yansı
reflecting <> yansı
reflection <> akis
reflection <> akset
reflection <> ayıpl
reflection <> derin
reflection <> etki
reflection <> hayal
reflection <> kusur
reflection <> refle
reflection <> yankı
reflection <> yansı
reflectional <> yansı
reflections <> yansı
reflective <> akset
reflective <> düşün
reflective <> dalgı
reflective <> yansı
reflectively <> düşün
reflectivity <> yansı
reflectometer <> refle
reflectometry <> refle
reflector <> ayna
reflector <> aynal
reflector <> proje
reflector <> refle
reflector <> yansı
reflectorized <> refle
reflectors <> refle
reflects <> yansı
reflet <> Refle
reflex <> akis
reflex <> aksed
reflex <> istem
reflex <> refle
reflex <> tepke
reflex <> yansı
reflexes <> refle
reflexible <> yansı
reflexion <> akis
reflexion <> akset
reflexion <> ayıpl
reflexion <> derin
reflexion <> etki
reflexion <> kusur
reflexion <> refle
reflexion <> yankı
reflexion <> yansı
reflexions <> Yansı
reflexive <> öze 
reflexive <> dönüş
reflexively <> refle
reflexogenic <> refle
reflexologist <> Refle
reflexology <> refle
reflexotherapy <> refle
refloat <> yenid
refloated <> YÜZDÜ
refluent <> çekil
refluent <> alçal
refluent <> geriy
reflux <> çekil
reflux <> cezir
reflux <> reflü
reflux <> sular
refluxes <> reflü
refluxing <> reflü
refocus <> yönle
refocused <> odakl
reforest <> ağaçl
reforest <> yenid
reforestation <> Ağaçl
reforestations <> Ağaçl
reforesting <> ağaçl
reforging <> dövme
reform <> ıslah
reform <> adam
reform <> düzel
reform <> devri
reform <> refor
reform <> tekra
reform <> yenid
reform <> yenil
reformalized <> yenid
reformat <> yenid
reformate <> yenid
reformation <> düzel
reformation <> değiş
reformation <> devri
reformation <> dinse
reformation <> prote
reformation <> refor
reformation <> tekra
reformation <> yenid
reformations <> yenid
reformative <> düzel
reformative <> iyile
reformative <> refor
reformatories <> ıslah
reformatory <> ıslah
reformatory <> düzel
reformatory <> iyile
reformatory <> refor
reformatted <> refor
reformatting <> yenid
reformed <> ıslah
reformed <> düzel
reformed <> iyile
reformed <> prote
reformed <> refor
reformer <> ıslah
reformer <> düzel
reformer <> devri
reformer <> refor
reformer <> yenil
reformers <> refor
reforming <> refor
reformism <> refor
reformist <> ıslah
reformist <> devri
reformist <> refor
reformist <> yenil
reformists <> refor
reforms <> refor
reformulate <> yenid
reformulated <> Yenil
reformulates <> yenid
refoundation <> yenid
refract <> kırıp
refract <> kırma
refracted <> kırıl
refractile <> refra
refracting <> kırıl
refracting <> sapma
refraction <> ışığı
refraction <> kırıl
refraction <> refra
refractions <> kırıl
refractive <> ışığı
refractive <> kırıl
refractive <> kıran
refractive <> sapma
refractivity <> kırıc
refractometer <> refra
refractometers <> refra
refractometric <> Kırıl
refractometry <> refra
refractor <> refra
refractories <> refra
refractoriness <> ısıya
refractoriness <> ateşe
refractoriness <> dik 
refractoriness <> inatç
refractors <> kırıc
refractory <> ısıya
refractory <> aksi
refractory <> dayan
refractory <> inatç
refractory <> kolay
refractory <> tedav
refracts <> kırar
refracture <> refra
refractures <> refra
refrain <> kaçın
refrain <> kendi
refrain <> nakar
refrain <> sakın
refrained <> kaçın
refraining <> kaçın
refrains <> vazge
reframes <> ReFra
reframing <> yenid
refrangible <> kırıl
refresh <> açılm
refresh <> canla
refresh <> dinçl
refresh <> ferah
refresh <> hayat
refresh <> serin
refresh <> tazel
refresh <> yenil
refreshed <> tazel
refresher <> avuka
refresher <> ferah
refresher <> hafız
refresher <> hayat
refresher <> serin
refresher <> tazel
refreshes <> yenil
refreshing <> canla
refreshing <> dinçl
refreshing <> ferah
refreshing <> serin
refreshingly <> canla
refreshment <> canla
refreshment <> dinçl
refreshment <> hafif
refreshment <> serin
refreshments <> içece
refried <> Refri
refrigerant <> dondu
refrigerant <> serin
refrigerant <> soğut
refrigerants <> soğut
refrigerate <> buzdo
refrigerate <> dondu
refrigerate <> soğut
refrigerated <> buzdo
refrigerating <> soğut
refrigeration <> dondu
refrigeration <> soğut
refrigerations <> dondu
refrigerator <> buzdo
refrigerator <> soğut
refrigerators <> buzdo
refrozen <> tekra
refuel <> benzi
refuel <> yakıt
refuelable <> Yakıt
refueling <> yakıt
refuelled <> refue
refuelling <> yakıt
refuge <> barın
refuge <> iltic
refuge <> kalac
refuge <> kalma
refuge <> refüj
refuge <> sığın
refugee <> mülte
refugee <> muhac
refugee <> sığın
refugees <> mülte
refuges <> sığın
refulgent <> ışıl
refulgent <> görke
refulgent <> göz 
refulgent <> pırıl
refulgent <> parla
refund <> geri
refund <> iade
refund <> para
refund <> yenid
refundability <> iade
refundable <> iade
refunded <> iade
refunding <> iades
refunds <> İade
refurbish <> cilas
refurbish <> yenil
refurbished <> yenil
refurbisher <> bakım
refurbishment <> yenil
refurbishments <> Tadil
refusal <> ayrıc
refusal <> ilk 
refusal <> inkâr
refusal <> kabul
refusal <> olums
refusal <> rüçha
refusal <> red
refusal <> redde
refusal <> ret
refusals <> red
refuse <> çöp
refuse <> artık
refuse <> atık
refuse <> ayak
refuse <> dökün
refuse <> diren
refuse <> geri
refuse <> işe 
refuse <> isten
refuse <> izin
refuse <> kırpı
refuse <> kaçın
refuse <> kabul
refuse <> karşı
refuse <> redde
refuse <> süprü
refused <> redde
refusenik <> karar
refuses <> redde
refusing <> redde
refutable <> çürüt
refutable <> aksi
refutable <> yalan
refutation <> çürüt
refutation <> aksin
refutation <> red
refutation <> ret
refutation <> tekzi
refutation <> yalan
refutations <> reddi
refute <> çürüt
refute <> aksin
refute <> redde
refute <> yalan
refute <> yanlı
refuted <> yalan
refutes <> yalan
refuting <> çürüt
regain <> geri
regain <> tekra
regain <> yenid
regained <> ele
regaining <> yenid
regains <> kavuş
regal <> krala
regal <> krall
regal <> muhte
regale <> ağırl
regale <> eğlen
regale <> hoşça
regale <> keyfi
regale <> mest
regale <> zevk
regale <> ziyaf
regalia <> farma
regalia <> göz 
regalia <> krall
regalia <> kurum
regalia <> rütbe
regard <> çok 
regard <> önem
regard <> ait 
regard <> anlam
regard <> bakış
regard <> bakım
regard <> bakma
regard <> beğen
regard <> dikka
regard <> göz 
regard <> hürme
regard <> hesab
regard <> ilgi
regard <> ilgil
regard <> ilişk
regard <> itiba
regard <> nazar
regard <> saygı
regard <> sayma
regard <> takdi
regarded <> kabul
regardful <> özenl
regardful <> düşün
regardful <> dikka
regardful <> riaye
regardful <> saygı
regardful <> uyan
regarding <> dair
regarding <> gelin
regarding <> hakkı
regarding <> ilgil
regarding <> ilişk
regarding <> konus
regarding <> nazar
regardless <> aldır
regardless <> dikka
regardless <> her 
regardless <> kayıt
regardless <> ne
regardless <> ne 
regards <> hürme
regards <> ilgil
regards <> iyi 
regards <> selam
regatta <> kotra
regatta <> yat
regatta <> yat 
regattas <> yarış
regelate <> tekra
regelation <> Çözül
regence <> REGEN
regency <> kral
regency <> naibl
regenerable <> rejen
regenerate <> canla
regenerate <> düzel
regenerate <> hayat
regenerate <> rejen
regenerate <> tazel
regenerate <> yenid
regenerate <> yenil
regenerated <> rejen
regenerates <> yenil
regenerating <> yenil
regeneration <> düzel
regeneration <> rejen
regeneration <> tekra
regeneration <> yenid
regeneration <> yenil
regenerations <> Rejen
regenerative <> canla
regenerative <> düzel
regenerative <> hayat
regenerative <> iyile
regenerative <> rejen
regenerative <> tazel
regenerative <> yenid
regenerator <> rejen
regenerators <> rejen
regent <> ünive
regent <> kral
regent <> naip
regent <> salta
regents <> Regen
regentship <> naibl
reget <> ReGet
regexps <> Düzen
regicide <> kralı
regicide <> kral
regime <> düzen
regime <> diyet
regime <> rejim
regime <> siste
regime <> yönet
regimen <> diyet
regimen <> idare
regimen <> perhi
regimen <> rejim
regimen <> sözcü
regimens <> rejim
regiment <> alay
regiment <> disip
regiment <> grupl
regiment <> kalab
regiment <> sürü
regiment <> siste
regimental <> alay
regimentals <> ünifo
regimentals <> asker
regimentation <> sıkı
regimentation <> siste
regimented <> disip
regiments <> alayı
regimes <> rejim
regina <> hüküm
regina <> krali
region <> çevre
region <> alan
region <> bölge
region <> iklim
region <> nahiy
region <> yöre
regional <> bölge
regional <> lokal
regional <> yöres
regional <> yerel
regionalisation <> bölge
regionalism <> bölge
regionalism <> yören
regionalism <> yerel
regionalist <> bölge
regionalization <> bölge
regionalized <> bölge
regionally <> Bölge
regions <> bölge
register <> belli
register <> dışa
register <> defte
register <> etki
register <> göste
register <> izlen
register <> kütük
register <> kasa
register <> kayıt
register <> kayda
register <> kayde
register <> liste
register <> nüfus
register <> nikâh
register <> paten
register <> renk
register <> satır
register <> sayaç
register <> ses 
register <> sicil
register <> subap
register <> taahh
register <> valf
register <> yan 
register <> yazıl
register <> yazdı
register <> yazma
registerable <> kayde
registered <> isme
registered <> kayıt
registered <> kayde
registered <> lisan
registered <> paten
registered <> taahh
registered <> tesci
registering <> Kayıt
registers <> regis
registrant <> tesci
registrants <> tesci
registrar <> evlen
registrar <> kayıt
registrar <> nüfus
registrar <> nikâh
registrar <> sicil
registrars <> kayıt
registrated <> tesci
registration <> kayıt
registration <> kayde
registration <> taahh
registration <> tesci
registrations <> kayıt
registries <> kayıt
registry <> defte
registry <> evlen
registry <> kütük
registry <> kayıt
registry <> sicil
registry <> tesci
regius <> Regiu
reglement <> règle
reglet <> dar 
reglet <> enter
regnant <> egeme
regnant <> geçer
regnant <> hükme
regnant <> salta
regnant <> yönet
regnant <> yaygı
regnum <> Regnu
rego <> Rego
regrease <> yağla
regress <> dönüş
regress <> dönme
regress <> geri
regress <> geril
regress <> ricat
regressed <> geril
regresses <> geril
regressing <> geril
regression <> dönüş
regression <> geri
regression <> geril
regressions <> regre
regressive <> geril
regressive <> geriy
regressive <> tepki
regressively <> regre
regret <> özlem
regret <> üzülm
regret <> üzünt
regret <> esef
regret <> gözün
regret <> hasre
regret <> hayıf
regret <> mütee
regret <> pişma
regret <> teess
regret <> vicda
regretful <> üzgün
regretful <> mütee
regretful <> pişma
regretfully <> üzünt
regrets <> pişma
regrettable <> üzücü
regrettable <> acına
regrettable <> ayıpl
regrettable <> kınan
regrettably <> üzüle
regrettably <> esefl
regretted <> pişma
regretting <> pişma
regrew <> yenid
regrind <> alışt
regrind <> tekra
regrind <> yenid
regroup <> düzen
regroup <> tekra
regroup <> yenid
regrouping <> yenid
regs <> yazma
regula <> Regul
regulable <> ayarl
regulable <> düzen
regular <> dürüs
regular <> düzen
regular <> düzgü
regular <> değiş
regular <> devam
regular <> güven
regular <> gedik
regular <> herza
regular <> inişl
regular <> kadro
regular <> keşiş
regular <> kural
regular <> müdav
regular <> mazbu
regular <> mesle
regular <> munta
regular <> muvaz
regular <> norma
regular <> olağa
regular <> parti
regular <> sırad
regular <> uzman
regularisation <> duzen
regularise <> düzen
regularise <> devam
regularise <> usule
regularised <> tanzi
regularising <> regul
regularities <> intiz
regularity <> düzen
regularity <> düzgü
regularity <> devam
regularity <> siste
regularization <> duzen
regularize <> düzen
regularize <> devam
regularize <> usule
regularized <> tanzi
regularizes <> düzen
regularly <> adama
regularly <> düzen
regularly <> devam
regularly <> gerçe
regularly <> munta
regularly <> siste
regulars <> düzen
regulatable <> ayarl
regulatable <> düzen
regulate <> ayarl
regulate <> düzen
regulate <> yolun
regulated <> düzen
regulates <> düzen
regulating <> ayar
regulating <> düzen
regulation <> ayar
regulation <> ayarl
regulation <> düzen
regulation <> iş
regulation <> kural
regulation <> resmi
regulation <> siste
regulation <> yönet
regulation <> yasa
regulations <> kural
regulations <> mevzu
regulations <> nizam
regulations <> tüzük
regulations <> yönet
regulations <> yasal
regulative <> ayarl
regulative <> düzen
regulator <> akım
regulator <> düzen
regulator <> regül
regulator <> saat
regulators <> düzen
regulatory <> düzen
regulus <> Regul
regurgitant <> regür
regurgitate <> geri
regurgitate <> kustu
regurgitated <> Regur
regurgitation <> regür
regurgitations <> yeter
reh <> Reh
rehab <> rehab
rehabbed <> biz 
rehabilitate <> eski
rehabilitate <> hakla
rehabilitate <> iade
rehabilitate <> itiba
rehabilitate <> iyile
rehabilitate <> rehab
rehabilitate <> sağlı
rehabilitate <> tamir
rehabilitated <> Rehab
rehabilitates <> ıslah
rehabilitating <> rehab
rehabilitation <> eski
rehabilitation <> hakla
rehabilitation <> iade
rehabilitation <> iyile
rehabilitation <> rehab
rehabilitations <> rehab
rehabilitative <> rehab
rehabilitator <> rehab
rehabilitators <> rehab
rehash <> ısıtı
rehash <> aynen
rehash <> tekra
rehash <> yenid
rehear <> şahit
rehear <> duruş
rehearing <> şahit
rehearing <> duruş
rehearsal <> prova
rehearsal <> sayıp
rehearsal <> tekra
rehearsals <> Prova
rehearse <> ezber
rehearse <> prova
rehearse <> sayıp
rehearse <> tekra
rehearsed <> prova
rehearsing <> prova
reheat <> tekra
reheat <> yenid
reheated <> ısıtı
reheater <> ısıtı
reheating <> tekra
reheating <> yenid
rehoboam <> Rehav
rehospitalization <> yatış
rehospitalized <> tekra
rehouse <> yeni
rehousing <> yeni
rehydrated <> rehid
rehydrating <> rehid
rehydration <> rehid
reichsmark <> Reich
reichsmarks <> Reich
reif <> Reif
reify <> cisim
reify <> madde
reify <> somut
reign <> egeme
reign <> hüküm
reign <> salta
reigned <> kral
reigning <> hüküm
reignite <> Reign
reignited <> yenid
reignition <> alevl
reigns <> Abdül
reik <> Reik
reim <> Reim
reimbursable <> geri
reimburse <> geri
reimburse <> masra
reimburse <> tazmi
reimburse <> zarar
reimbursed <> geri
reimbursement <> geri
reimbursement <> harca
reimbursement <> masra
reimbursement <> rambu
reimbursements <> geri
reimburses <> ödedi
reimbursing <> geri
reimplant <> Reimp
reimplantation <> reimp
reimplement <> yenid
reimplemented <> ligth
reimport <> tekra
reimport <> yenid
reimports <> tekra
rein <> dizgi
rein <> idare
rein <> kontr
reincarnate <> tekra
reincarnate <> yenid
reincarnation <> reenk
reincarnation <> ruh 
reincarnation <> ruhun
reindeer <> ren
reindeer <> ren 
reindeers <> Ren
reindexed <> indis
reindexing <> endek
reined <> dizgi
reinfected <> yenid
reinfection <> reinf
reinforce <> güçle
reinforce <> pekiş
reinforce <> sağla
reinforce <> takvi
reinforced <> takvi
reinforcement <> deste
reinforcement <> güçle
reinforcement <> kuvve
reinforcement <> takvi
reinforcements <> deste
reinforcements <> takvi
reinforces <> pekiş
reinforcing <> takvi
reinfused <> aynı
reining <> dizgi
reinitialise <> reset
reinitialize <> yenid
reinitialized <> yenid
reinitializes <> yenid
reinitiate <> yenid
reinjection <> reenj
reinjections <> enjek
reinking <> Reink
reins <> dizgi
reinsert <> takın
reinserted <> yenid
reinserting <> yenid
reinstall <> yenid
reinstallation <> Yenid
reinstallations <> yenid
reinstalled <> yenid
reinstaller <> Reins
reinstalling <> yenid
reinstallment <> yenid
reinstalls <> yenid
reinstate <> eski
reinstate <> görev
reinstate <> hakla
reinstate <> yenid
reinstated <> yenid
reinstatement <> eski
reinstatement <> hakla
reinstatement <> yenid
reinstatements <> yenid
reinstates <> geri
reinstating <> geri
reinstituted <> yenid
reinstitution <> yenid
reinsurance <> reasü
reinsurance <> sigor
reinsure <> sigor
reinsure <> yenid
reinsured <> reasü
reinsurer <> reasü
reinsurers <> reasü
reinsures <> reasü
reintegrate <> yenid
reintegrating <> yenid
reintegration <> yenid
reinterpretation <> yenid
reinterpretations <> yenid
reinterpreted <> yenid
reinterpreting <> yenid
reinterprets <> yenid
reintroduced <> yenid
reintroduction <> yenid
reinvent <> yenid
reinvented <> yenid
reinventing <> Reinv
reinvention <> yenid
reinventions <> yenid
reinvents <> yenid
reinvest <> yenid
reinvested <> yenid
reinvestment <> yenid
reinvigorate <> canla
reinvigorated <> yenid
reinvigorating <> canlı
reinvitation <> tekra
reissue <> tekra
reissue <> yeni
reissue <> yenid
reissues <> yayım
reist <> Reist
reiter <> Reite
reiterate <> defal
reiterate <> tekra
reiterate <> yenid
reiterated <> yinel
reiterates <> yinel
reiterating <> yinel
reiteration <> tekra
reiteration <> yinel
reiterative <> ikile
reiterative <> tekra
reits <> GYO
reject <> çürüğ
reject <> çıkar
reject <> ıskar
reject <> defol
reject <> geri
reject <> işe 
reject <> istem
reject <> kabul
reject <> kusma
reject <> redde
rejectamenta <> çöp
rejectamenta <> atık
rejectamenta <> dışkı
rejectamenta <> deniz
rejectamenta <> kaka
rejectamenta <> süprü
rejected <> redde
rejecters <> yalan
rejecteth <> yalan
rejecting <> geri
rejecting <> redde
rejection <> çıkar
rejection <> ıskar
rejection <> atık
rejection <> dışkı
rejection <> defol
rejection <> red
rejection <> redde
rejection <> ret
rejections <> ret
rejective <> redde
rejector <> kısma
rejects <> redde
rejoice <> keyif
rejoice <> memnu
rejoice <> neşel
rejoice <> sevin
rejoiced <> memnu
rejoicer <> neşel
rejoices <> sevin
rejoicing <> şenli
rejoicing <> eğlen
rejoicing <> haz
rejoicing <> keyif
rejoicing <> mutlu
rejoicing <> neşe
rejoicing <> sevin
rejoin <> cevab
rejoin <> kavuş
rejoin <> yenid
rejoinder <> cevab
rejoinder <> sert
rejoinder <> yerin
rejoined <> yanın
rejoins <> yenid
rejon <> Rejón
rejuvenate <> gençl
rejuvenate <> yenil
rejuvenated <> gençl
rejuvenates <> gençl
rejuvenating <> gençl
rejuvenation <> gençl
rejuvenative <> Canla
rejuvenesce <> gençl
rejuvenesce <> yenil
rejuvenescence <> gençl
rejuvenescence <> hücre
rejuvenescent <> gençl
rejuvenescent <> yenil
rekeying <> yenid
rekindle <> şidde
rekindle <> alevl
rekindle <> yenid
relapse <> depre
relapse <> nüks
relapse <> nükse
relapse <> tekra
relapse <> yenid
relapsed <> relap
relapsers <> relap
relapses <> nüksl
relapsing <> nükse
relate <> ait 
relate <> bağlı
relate <> bağla
relate <> ilgil
relate <> ilişk
related <> akrab
related <> bağlı
related <> ilgil
related <> ilişk
relatedly <> Buna
relatedness <> İLİŞK
relates <> ilgil
relating <> ilgil
relation <> akrab
relation <> alâka
relation <> anlat
relation <> bağın
relation <> bağ
relation <> bağla
relation <> ilgi
relation <> ilişi
relation <> ilişk
relation <> nispe
relation <> oran
relation <> söyle
relational <> ilişk
relationally <> ilişk
relations <> aile
relations <> ilişk
relationship <> akrab
relationship <> alâka
relationship <> bağ
relationship <> ilgi
relationship <> ilişk
relationship <> yakın
relationships <> ilişk
relative <> akrab
relative <> bağıl
relative <> bağın
relative <> görec
relative <> hısım
relative <> ilgi
relative <> ilgil
relative <> izafi
relative <> karşı
relative <> yakın
relatively <> Nispe
relativeness <> ilgi
relativeness <> nispe
relatives <> akrab
relativism <> bağın
relativism <> görec
relativism <> izafi
relativistic <> relat
relativistically <> relat
relativists <> görec
relativitists <> görel
relativity <> bağın
relativity <> görec
relativity <> izafi
relativization <> görel
relator <> Relat
relaunch <> yenid
relaunched <> yenid
relaunching <> yenid
relax <> dinle
relax <> gevşe
relax <> rahat
relax <> yumuş
relaxant <> gevşe
relaxants <> gevşe
relaxation <> dinle
relaxation <> eğlen
relaxation <> gevşe
relaxation <> hafif
relaxation <> rahat
relaxation <> yumuş
relaxations <> relak
relaxed <> gevşe
relaxed <> rahat
relaxed <> yumuş
relaxes <> rahat
relaxin <> relak
relaxing <> dinle
relaxing <> gergi
relaxing <> gevşe
relaxing <> huzur
relaxing <> rahat
relaxing <> yumuş
relaxins <> relax
relaxosome <> relak
relay <> bayra
relay <> el 
relay <> konte
relay <> nöbet
relay <> nakle
relay <> röle
relay <> vardi
relay <> yayın
relay <> yedek
relay <> yerin
relay <> yorul
relayed <> geçir
relaying <> Geçiş
relays <> rölel
releasable <> serbe
release <> affet
release <> azat
release <> bırak
release <> davad
release <> dekla
release <> devir
release <> ferag
release <> göste
release <> gevşe
release <> ipote
release <> koyve
release <> kurtu
release <> muaf
release <> muafi
release <> salıv
release <> salma
release <> serbe
release <> yayın
release <> yay
released <> serbe
releaser <> bırak
releases <> bülte
releasing <> serbe
relegate <> gönde
relegate <> indir
relegate <> küme
relegate <> sürgü
relegate <> sürme
relegate <> yerin
relegated <> küme
relegation <> indir
relegation <> küme
relegation <> sürgü
relegations <> düşme
relent <> acıma
relent <> insaf
relent <> merha
relent <> yumuş
relented <> yumuş
relenting <> pes
relentless <> acıma
relentless <> insaf
relentless <> merha
relentlessly <> acıma
relevance <> Alaka
relevance <> alâka
relevance <> ilgi
relevance <> ilişk
relevance <> uygun
relevancy <> alâka
relevancy <> ilgi
relevancy <> ilişk
relevancy <> uygun
relevant <> alâka
relevant <> amaca
relevant <> ilgil
relevant <> konu
relevant <> uygun
releve <> Örnek
releves <> örnek
reliabilities <> güven
reliability <> dayan
reliability <> emniy
reliability <> güven
reliable <> emin
reliable <> emniy
reliable <> güven
reliable <> inanı
reliably <> güven
reliance <> emniy
reliance <> güven
reliance <> inanç
reliance <> itima
reliant <> bel 
reliant <> güven
reliant <> inanç
reliant <> kendi
relic <> eski
relic <> hatır
relic <> kalın
relic <> kutsa
relic <> yadig
relics <> eski
relics <> harab
relics <> kalın
relict <> dul 
relict <> soyu
relicts <> kalın
relied <> güven
relief <> çare
relief <> ara 
relief <> deste
relief <> hafif
relief <> kabar
relief <> kurta
relief <> nöbet
relief <> rölye
relief <> rahat
relief <> sıkın
relief <> yardı
reliefs <> kabar
relies <> güven
relieve <> çare
relieve <> avutm
relieve <> belir
relieve <> dikka
relieve <> dindi
relieve <> hafif
relieve <> içini
relieve <> kabar
relieve <> kurta
relieve <> nöbet
relieve <> rahat
relieve <> renk
relieve <> sadak
relieve <> tesel
relieve <> torna
relieve <> yardı
relieved <> rahat
reliever <> kesic
relievers <> kesic
relieves <> rahat
relieving <> rahat
relievo <> kabar
relievos <> kabar
relight <> Relig
religion <> din
religion <> dinda
religion <> diyan
religion <> iman
religion <> inanç
religion <> kutsa
religion <> mezhe
religion <> onur
religion <> tarik
religionist <> aşırı
religionist <> bağna
religionist <> mutaa
religionist <> sofu
religions <> dinle
religiosity <> aşırı
religiosity <> soful
religiosity <> yalan
religiosity <> yobaz
religious <> derin
religious <> din
religious <> dinda
religious <> dini
religious <> dinse
religious <> diyan
religious <> inanç
religious <> sofu
religious <> tarik
religiously <> dini
religiousness <> Dinda
relining <> Relin
relink <> yenid
relinquish <> bırak
relinquish <> başka
relinquish <> ferag
relinquish <> serbe
relinquish <> terke
relinquish <> vazge
relinquished <> ferag
relinquishes <> vazge
relinquishing <> vazge
relinquishment <> bırak
relinquishment <> ferag
relinquishment <> vazge
relish <> çeşni
relish <> ağız
relish <> beğen
relish <> eğili
relish <> haz
relish <> heves
relish <> hoş 
relish <> hoşla
relish <> iştah
relish <> istek
relish <> lezze
relish <> mis
relish <> mis 
relish <> tadın
relish <> tat
relish <> zevk
relish <> zevkl
relishable <> lezze
relishing <> Relis
relive <> anmad
relived <> tekra
reliving <> yenid
reload <> yenid
reloading <> yenid
reloads <> Çoğul
relocatable <> yerde
relocate <> taşım
relocate <> taşın
relocate <> yeni
relocate <> yenid
relocate <> yerin
relocated <> taşın
relocates <> taşın
relocating <> taşın
relocation <> tehci
relook <> Reloo
relubricate <> yağla
relubrication <> yağla
reluctance <> ağırd
reluctance <> diren
reluctance <> gönül
reluctance <> istek
reluctant <> ağırd
reluctant <> gönül
reluctant <> istek
reluctantly <> ağırd
reluctantly <> gönül
reluctantly <> istek
reluctantly <> istem
rely <> inanm
rely <> itima
relying <> güven
remade <> Remad
remain <> artma
remain <> aynen
remain <> durma
remain <> geriy
remain <> kalma
remain <> sürdü
remainder <> ünvan
remainder <> artık
remainder <> bakiy
remainder <> elden
remainder <> geri
remainder <> kalın
remainder <> kalan
remainder <> miras
remainder <> satıl
remainder <> tortu
remainder <> ucuza
remainderman <> aday
remainderman <> miras
remainderman <> namze
remainders <> kalan
remained <> kaldı
remaining <> öteki
remaining <> arda
remaining <> artan
remaining <> kalan
remaining <> kalma
remains <> ölünü
remains <> artık
remains <> ceset
remains <> izler
remains <> kalın
remains <> kalıt
remains <> kalan
remains <> yemek
remake <> tekra
remake <> yeni
remake <> yenid
remaker <> ReMak
remaking <> yenid
reman <> Reman
remand <> geri
remand <> iade
remand <> mahke
remand <> tutma
remanded <> tutul
remanufacture <> yenid
remanufactured <> yenid
remaps <> yenid
remark <> belir
remark <> düşün
remark <> dikka
remark <> farke
remark <> ihtar
remark <> söyle
remark <> uyarı
remark <> yorum
remarkable <> dikka
remarkable <> fevka
remarkable <> göze
remarkable <> kayda
remarkable <> klas
remarkable <> olağa
remarkables <> Remar
remarkably <> dikka
remarked <> demiş
remarketing <> pazar
remarking <> diyer
remarks <> sözle
remarque <> Remar
remarriage <> ikinc
remarriage <> tekra
remarriage <> yenid
remarried <> yenid
remarry <> yenid
remastering <> Uyarl
remasters <> Remas
rematch <> rövan
reme <> REME
remeasured <> tekra
remeasurement <> yenid
remediable <> çares
remediable <> tedav
remedial <> çözüm
remedial <> çare
remedial <> deva
remedial <> iyile
remedial <> tedav
remediated <> berta
remediating <> iyile
remediation <> iyile
remedied <> gider
remedies <> ilaçl
remediless <> çares
remediless <> devas
remediless <> iyile
remediless <> umuts
remedy <> çözüm
remedy <> çare
remedy <> düzel
remedy <> derma
remedy <> deva
remedy <> ilaç
remedy <> iyile
remedy <> onarm
remedy <> tedav
remedying <> gider
remelt <> yenid
remelted <> eriti
remelting <> ergit
remember <> aklın
remember <> anıms
remember <> anmak
remember <> düşün
remember <> hatır
remember <> ihmal
remember <> yâdet
rememberability <> Hatır
remembered <> hatır
remembereth <> Öğüt
remembering <> hatır
remembers <> hatır
remembrance <> anı
remembrance <> anmal
remembrance <> hatır
remembrance <> yadig
remembrances <> hatır
remembrances <> selam
remembrances <> yadig
remes <> Remes
remigration <> geri
remigration <> geriy
remilitarization <> yenid
remind <> aklın
remind <> andır
remind <> benze
remind <> hatır
reminded <> hatır
reminder <> hatır
reminders <> hatır
remindful <> hatır
reminding <> hatır
reminds <> hatır
remineralisation <> yenid
remineralization <> remin
remineralize <> remin
reminisce <> anıla
reminisce <> anmak
reminisce <> hatır
reminiscence <> anıms
reminiscence <> andır
reminiscence <> hatır
reminiscences <> anıla
reminiscences <> hatır
reminiscent <> hatır
reminisces <> anıla
remise <> atlar
remise <> denge
remise <> ferag
remise <> kiral
remise <> vazge
remiss <> dikka
remiss <> gafil
remiss <> ihmal
remiss <> savsa
remissible <> affed
remissible <> bağış
remissible <> göz 
remission <> af
remission <> azalm
remission <> bağış
remission <> ferag
remission <> hafif
remission <> remis
remission <> vazge
remissions <> remis
remissness <> ihmal
remissness <> kusur
remit <> affet
remit <> ara 
remit <> bağış
remit <> gönde
remit <> günah
remit <> hafif
remit <> haval
remit <> iptal
remit <> kolay
remit <> para
remit <> vazge
remit <> yatış
remittance <> haval
remittance <> para
remittances <> döviz
remitted <> düzel
remittent <> azalı
remittent <> bir 
remittent <> inişl
remitter <> alt 
remitter <> gönde
remitter <> görev
remitter <> hakla
remitter <> haval
remixing <> Remix
remnant <> artık
remnant <> bakiy
remnant <> kalın
remnant <> parça
remnants <> kalın
remodel <> şekli
remodel <> değiş
remodel <> yeni
remodelled <> remod
remodelling <> remod
remonetization <> tekra
remonetization <> yenid
remonstrance <> şikây
remonstrance <> itira
remonstrance <> prote
remonstrance <> sitem
remonstrance <> uyarı
remonstrance <> yakın
remonstrant <> şikây
remonstrant <> itira
remonstrant <> prote
remonstrant <> sitem
remonstrate <> güçlü
remonstrate <> itira
remonstrate <> kınam
remonstrate <> prote
remonstrate <> sitem
remonstrate <> uyarm
remora <> Remor
remorse <> pişma
remorse <> vicda
remorseful <> pişma
remorseful <> vicda
remorseless <> merha
remorseless <> vicda
remorselessly <> acıma
remortgage <> Remor
remote <> çok 
remote <> ücra
remote <> dolay
remote <> endir
remote <> küçük
remote <> mesaf
remote <> nakle
remote <> sapa
remote <> soğuk
remote <> uzak
remotely <> uzakt
remoteness <> uzakl
remoter <> ücra
remotes <> uzakt
remotest <> ücra
remoulding <> harma
remount <> geril
remount <> sakat
remount <> tekra
remount <> yedek
remount <> yenid
remounted <> yenid
remounting <> yenid
remounts <> yenid
removable <> kaldı
removable <> taşın
removable <> uzakl
removable <> yerin
removal <> görev
removal <> gider
removal <> halle
removal <> nakil
removal <> ortad
removal <> taşım
removal <> uzakl
removal <> yer 
removals <> taşın
remove <> çıkar
remove <> üst 
remove <> başka
remove <> derec
remove <> elini
remove <> görev
remove <> götür
remove <> gider
remove <> kadem
remove <> kaldı
remove <> mesaf
remove <> nakle
remove <> ortad
remove <> sonra
remove <> taşım
remove <> taşın
remove <> uzakl
remove <> yerin
removeable <> Seyya
removed <> kaldı
remover <> ev 
remover <> nakli
remover <> söküc
removers <> söküc
removes <> kaldı
removing <> çıkar
rems <> REMS
remunerate <> ödüll
remunerate <> emeği
remunerate <> hakkı
remunerated <> çesit
remuneration <> ödül
remuneration <> ödeme
remuneration <> ücret
remuneration <> hizme
remuneration <> karşı
remuneration <> yevmi
remunerations <> ödeme
remunerative <> bol 
remunerative <> ikram
remunerative <> kazan
renaissance <> Rönes
renaissance <> canla
renaissance <> uyanı
renaissance <> uyanm
renaissance <> yenid
renal <> böbre
rename <> adını
rename <> yeni
renamed <> olara
renames <> yenid
renaming <> yenid
renascence <> Rönes
renascence <> canla
renascence <> yenid
renascent <> yenid
renate <> Renat
renay <> Renay
rencontre <> çarpı
rencontre <> çatış
rencontre <> düell
rencontre <> rastl
rencontres <> Renco
rencounter <> müsab
rend <> bölme
rend <> kopar
rend <> parça
rend <> paral
rend <> yırtı
rend <> yırtm
rend <> yarma
render <> çalma
render <> çevir
render <> açıkl
render <> eritm
render <> etmek
render <> geri
render <> hale
render <> ilk 
render <> kılma
render <> sunma
render <> verme
render <> yorum
rendered <> rende
renderers <> rende
rendering <> çalma
rendering <> çevir
rendering <> ödeme
rendering <> iade
rendering <> rende
rendering <> sıva
rendering <> sahne
rendering <> tercü
rendering <> verme
rendering <> yorum
renders <> rende
rendezvous <> buluş
rendezvous <> rande
rending <> parça
rending <> paral
rendition <> çalma
rendition <> çevir
rendition <> hüküm
rendition <> icra
rendition <> sahne
rendition <> tercü
rendition <> yorum
renegade <> dönek
renegade <> dönme
renegade <> dinin
renegade <> hain
renegades <> dönek
renege <> dönme
renege <> dinin
renege <> hile
renege <> kural
renege <> redde
renege <> sözün
renegotiate <> yenid
renegotiated <> yenid
renegotiating <> anlaş
renegotiation <> müzak
renew <> bakım
renew <> tazel
renew <> tekra
renew <> uzatm
renew <> yenil
renew <> yinel
renewability <> yenil
renewable <> uzatı
renewable <> yenil
renewable <> yenis
renewables <> yenil
renewably <> yenil
renewal <> uzatm
renewal <> yenil
renewals <> yenil
renewed <> bakım
renewed <> uzatı
renewed <> yeni
renewed <> yenil
renewer <> Yenil
renewing <> yenil
renews <> yenil
renga <> Renga
reniform <> böbre
renminbi <> Renmi
rennet <> buzağ
rennet <> dayan
rennet <> peyni
renneting <> renne
renography <> renog
renominated <> Aday
renormalization <> renor
renormalized <> yenid
renounce <> bırak
renounce <> başka
renounce <> ferag
renounce <> redde
renounce <> tanım
renounce <> vazge
renounced <> ferag
renounces <> ferag
renouncing <> terk
renovascular <> renov
renovate <> onarm
renovate <> tamir
renovate <> tazel
renovate <> yenil
renovated <> onarı
renovated <> tamir
renovated <> tazel
renovated <> yenil
renovates <> yenil
renovating <> yenil
renovation <> bakım
renovation <> onarı
renovation <> tamir
renovation <> yenil
renovations <> yenil
renovator <> bakım
renovator <> yenil
renown <> ün
renown <> şöhre
renown <> şan
renowned <> ünlü
renowned <> şöhre
renowned <> şanlı
renowned <> meşhu
rens <> Rens
rent <> bölün
rent <> bozuş
rent <> dargı
rent <> fikir
rent <> gedik
rent <> kira
rent <> kiral
rent <> kiray
rent <> parça
rent <> yırtı
rent <> yarık
rentability <> ranta
rentable <> kiral
rental <> kira
rental <> kiral
rentals <> kiral
rented <> kiral
renter <> kirac
renter <> kiral
renter <> kiray
renters <> kirac
rentier <> ranti
renting <> kiral
rents <> kiral
renumbered <> numar
renumbering <> Yenid
renunciation <> bırak
renunciation <> el 
renunciation <> ferag
renunciation <> vazge
reoccupation <> yenid
reoccupied <> yenid
reoccupy <> yenid
reoccurrence <> tekra
reoffered <> yenid
reopen <> tekra
reopen <> yenid
reopened <> yenid
reopening <> yenid
reopens <> açılı
reoperated <> reope
reoperation <> reope
reoperations <> reope
reorder <> yenid
reordered <> yenid
reorders <> yenid
reorganisation <> düzen
reorganisation <> reorg
reorganisation <> yenid
reorganise <> düzel
reorganise <> reorg
reorganise <> yenid
reorganised <> yenid
reorganising <> yenid
reorganization <> düzen
reorganization <> reorg
reorganization <> yenid
reorganizations <> yenid
reorganize <> düzel
reorganize <> reorg
reorganize <> yenid
reorganized <> yenid
reorganizes <> yenid
reorganizing <> yenid
reorientation <> uyarl
reorienting <> yenid
rep <> ün
rep <> şöhre
rep <> ahlak
rep <> cumhu
rep <> fitil
rep <> oyun
rep <> rep
rep <> reper
rep <> sefil
rep <> sorum
rep <> temsi
repack <> paket
repack <> tekra
repack <> yenid
repackaging <> paket
repacked <> Repac
repacking <> yenid
repacks <> REPAC
repagination <> yenid
repaid <> ödenm
repaint <> üzeri
repaint <> rötuş
repaint <> yenid
repair <> çekil
repair <> barın
repair <> durum
repair <> gider
repair <> gitme
repair <> hal
repair <> onarı
repair <> onarm
repair <> sığın
repair <> tamir
repair <> telâf
repair <> yamam
repair <> zarar
repairable <> gider
repairable <> tamir
repairable <> telâf
repaired <> onarı
repairers <> tamir
repairing <> tamir
repairman <> tamir
repairmen <> tamir
repairment <> onarı
repairs <> tamir
repaper <> yenid
reparable <> gider
reparable <> telâf
reparable <> zarar
reparation <> özür
reparation <> onarı
reparation <> tamir
reparation <> telâf
reparation <> zarar
reparations <> savaş
reparations <> tazmi
reparative <> Onarı
repartee <> hazır
repartee <> yerin
repartition <> bölme
repartition <> dağıt
repartition <> yenid
repartitioned <> yenid
repartitioning <> yenid
repass <> dönme
repass <> geri
repass <> yenid
repast <> öğün
repast <> yemek
repatriate <> ülkes
repatriate <> tekra
repatriate <> vatan
repatriated <> iade
repatriates <> göçme
repatriating <> Ülkey
repatriation <> ülkes
repatriation <> geri
repatriation <> vatan
repay <> ödeme
repay <> altın
repay <> aynen
repay <> geri
repay <> karşı
repay <> telâf
repayable <> geri
repayable <> karşı
repaying <> geri
repayment <> ödeme
repayment <> geri
repayment <> karşı
repayments <> geri
repeal <> fesih
repeal <> geçer
repeal <> iptal
repeal <> yürür
repealable <> feshe
repealable <> iptal
repealed <> ilga
repealing <> yürür
repeals <> yürür
repeat <> ağzın
repeat <> aralı
repeat <> ezber
repeat <> nakar
repeat <> tekra
repeat <> yinel
repeatability <> tekra
repeatable <> tekra
repeated <> tekra
repeated <> yinel
repeatedly <> aralı
repeatedly <> defal
repeatedly <> durma
repeatedly <> tekra
repeater <> çalar
repeater <> ampli
repeater <> devir
repeater <> iki 
repeater <> kesin
repeater <> otoma
repeater <> sabık
repeater <> tekra
repeaters <> tekra
repeating <> tekra
repeatings <> tekra
repeats <> tekra
repechage <> Röpos
repel <> defet
repel <> geçir
repel <> geri
repel <> iğren
repel <> itele
repel <> itici
repel <> itmek
repel <> püskü
repel <> redde
repellant <> itici
repelled <> püskü
repellence <> itici
repellency <> itici
repellent <> geçir
repellent <> itici
repellent <> nahoş
repellent <> püskü
repellent <> savar
repellent <> uzakl
repellents <> kovuc
repeller <> kovuc
repelling <> geçir
repelling <> itici
repelling <> nahoş
repelling <> püskü
repelling <> savar
repelling <> uzakl
repent <> pişma
repent <> tövbe
repentance <> pişma
repentance <> tövbe
repentant <> pişma
repentant <> tövbe
repented <> tövbe
repenteth <> tevbe
repents <> tevbe
repercussion <> geri
repercussion <> tepki
repercussion <> yan 
repercussion <> yankı
repercussion <> yansı
repercussions <> tepki
repercussions <> yan 
repercussions <> yankı
reperfusion <> reper
repertoire <> oyun
repertoire <> reper
repertoires <> reper
repertories <> reper
repertory <> depo
repertory <> hazin
repertory <> oyun
repertory <> reper
repertory <> zengi
repetition <> ezber
repetition <> kopya
repetition <> suret
repetition <> takli
repetition <> tekra
repetition <> yinel
repetitions <> tekra
repetitious <> gerek
repetitious <> tekra
repetitive <> gerek
repetitive <> tekra
repetitively <> defal
rephrase <> ifade
repine <> şikây
repine <> küsme
repine <> söyle
repine <> yakın
repining <> şikây
repining <> asık
repining <> hoşnu
repining <> küskü
repining <> söyle
replace <> ahize
replace <> değiş
replace <> geri
replace <> vekâl
replace <> yenis
replace <> yerin
replaceable <> değiş
replaceable <> yeri
replaceable <> yerin
replaced <> yerin
replacement <> değiş
replacement <> prote
replacement <> yedek
replacement <> yerin
replacements <> değiş
replacer <> ikame
replacers <> ikame
replaces <> yerin
replacing <> yerin
replanned <> eş
replanning <> yenid
replant <> yeşil
replant <> yeni
replant <> yenid
replantation <> repla
replanting <> dikil
replastered <> alçıs
replated <> kapla
replay <> repla
replay <> tekra
replay <> yenid
replayed <> yürüt
replays <> yerin
replenish <> doldu
replenish <> ikmal
replenish <> yenid
replenished <> doldu
replenisher <> Yenil
replenishes <> takvi
replenishing <> Yenil
replenishment <> ikmal
replenishment <> tekra
replete <> dolu
replete <> dopdo
replete <> tıka
repletion <> dolgu
repletion <> dolul
repletion <> doyma
repletion <> fazla
repletion <> toklu
replevin <> gasp
replica <> eşi
replica <> eseri
replica <> kopya
replica <> repro
replica <> tıpat
replicability <> tekra
replicable <> yinel
replicant <> yinel
replicants <> kopya
replicas <> kopya
replicase <> repli
replicate <> çoğal
replicate <> aynın
replicate <> kopya
replicate <> tekra
replicated <> çoğal
replicates <> çoğal
replicating <> kopya
replication <> çoğal
replication <> aynıs
replication <> cevap
replication <> eko
replication <> kopya
replication <> yankı
replications <> tekra
replicative <> repli
replicator <> repli
replicators <> çoğal
replied <> yanıt
replies <> Cevap
reply <> cevab
reply <> cevap
reply <> karşı
reply <> yanıt
replying <> yanıt
repolarisation <> repol
repolarization <> repol
repopulate <> yenid
repopulated <> doldu
repopulates <> yenid
report <> ün
report <> şöhre
report <> anlat
report <> bildi
report <> bilgi
report <> dedik
report <> görün
report <> haber
report <> hazır
report <> ihbar
report <> karne
report <> muhab
report <> patla
report <> rapor
report <> söyle
report <> silâh
report <> sunma
report <> tutan
reportable <> bildi
reportable <> vergi
reportage <> röpor
reportages <> röpor
reported <> rapor
reportedly <> söyle
reporter <> bilgi
reporter <> haber
reporter <> muhab
reporter <> muhbi
reporter <> rapor
reporters <> gazet
reporting <> rapor
reportings <> rapor
reports <> rapor
repos <> repo
repose <> dayan
repose <> dinle
repose <> ebedi
repose <> güven
repose <> sükun
repose <> sessi
repose <> uyku
repose <> yasla
repose <> yatır
repose <> yatma
reposeful <> dinle
reposeful <> huzur
reposeful <> sakin
reposes <> asker
reposition <> konum
repositioned <> konum
repositioning <> yenid
repositions <> konum
repositories <> depol
repository <> ambar
repository <> depo
repository <> dolap
repository <> kutu
repository <> mahze
repository <> muhaf
repository <> sırda
repository <> zengi
repossess <> tekra
repossess <> yenid
reposted <> yenid
reposting <> yined
repotting <> saksı
repousse <> kakma
repower <> Yenil
repp <> Repp
reprehend <> şidde
reprehend <> azarl
reprehend <> ihtar
reprehend <> kusur
reprehend <> payla
reprehensible <> azarı
reprehensible <> kınan
reprehension <> azar
reprehension <> ihtar
reprehension <> kınam
reprehension <> payla
represent <> belir
represent <> betim
represent <> canla
represent <> göste
represent <> ifade
represent <> oynam
represent <> sahne
represent <> simge
represent <> sunma
represent <> tarif
represent <> temsi
represent <> vekâl
represent <> vekil
representability <> temsi
representable <> Temsi
representant <> Temsi
representation <> beyan
representation <> fikir
representation <> işare
representation <> ibraz
representation <> oyun
representation <> piyes
representation <> sembo
representation <> simge
representation <> sitem
representation <> sunma
representation <> tasar
representation <> temsi
representation <> vekil
representational <> temsi
representationalist <> temsi
representations <> Temsi
representative <> örnek
representative <> acent
representative <> karak
representative <> kişil
representative <> mümes
representative <> mille
representative <> sembo
representative <> temsi
representative <> tipik
representative <> vekil
representatively <> temsi
representativeness <> temsi
representatives <> temsi
representativity <> temsi
represented <> temsi
representing <> temsi
represents <> temsi
repress <> önlem
repress <> baskı
repress <> bastı
repress <> içine
repressed <> bastı
represses <> bastı
repressing <> bastı
repression <> baskı
repression <> bastı
repression <> bilin
repression <> psiko
repression <> tutma
repression <> zapte
repression <> zorla
repressions <> baskı
repressive <> önley
repressive <> ağır
repressive <> baskı
repressive <> bastı
repressor <> baskı
repressors <> repre
repriced <> yenid
repricing <> yenid
reprieve <> cezan
reprieve <> cezay
reprieve <> ertel
reprieve <> ferah
reprieve <> içini
reprieve <> rahat
reprieve <> yüreğ
reprimand <> azar
reprimand <> azarl
reprimand <> kınam
reprimand <> payla
reprimanded <> azarl
reprimands <> cezas
reprint <> yeni
reprint <> yenid
reprinted <> yenid
reprinting <> ksmen
reprints <> Yenid
reprisal <> aynen
reprisal <> misil
reprisal <> yanın
reprisals <> misil
reprised <> kere
reprized <> kere
repro <> eseri
repro <> kopya
repro <> repro
reproach <> ayıp
reproach <> ayıpl
reproach <> azar
reproach <> azarl
reproach <> başın
reproach <> kınam
reproach <> payla
reproach <> sitem
reproach <> suçla
reproach <> utanç
reproach <> yüz 
reproach <> yakış
reproached <> sitem
reproaches <> kınam
reproachful <> ayıp
reproachful <> kınay
reproachful <> sitem
reproachful <> yüz 
reproachfully <> ayıpl
reproachfully <> kınay
reproachfully <> sitem
reproaching <> payla
reprobate <> ahlak
reprobate <> ayıpl
reprobate <> günah
reprobate <> hoşgö
reprobate <> huzur
reprobate <> kınam
reprobate <> lanet
reprobate <> serse
reprobate <> yolda
reprobation <> ayıpl
reprobation <> hoşgö
reprobation <> lânet
reprobation <> lanet
reprocess <> işley
reprocessed <> işlen
reprocesses <> yenid
reproduce <> çoğal
reproduce <> kopya
reproduce <> repro
reproduce <> türet
reproduce <> yenid
reproduce <> yenis
reproduced <> çoğal
reproducer <> çoğal
reproducer <> ses 
reproducers <> tekra
reproduces <> üreti
reproducibility <> tekra
reproducible <> kopya
reproducible <> tekra
reproducibly <> tekra
reproducing <> üreye
reproduction <> çoğal
reproduction <> üreme
reproduction <> eseri
reproduction <> kopan
reproduction <> repro
reproduction <> türet
reproduction <> takli
reproduction <> tekra
reproduction <> yenid
reproductions <> repro
reproductive <> üreme
reproductive <> üreti
reproductive <> üretk
reproductively <> üreme
reprogram <> yenid
reprogramming <> yenid
reprographic <> repro
reprographics <> repro
reproof <> ayıpl
reproof <> azar
reproof <> kınam
reproof <> serze
reproof <> sitem
reproof <> yenid
reproval <> ayıpl
reproval <> azar
reproval <> kınam
reproval <> sitem
reprove <> ayıpl
reprove <> hoşgö
reprove <> kınam
reprove <> sitem
reproved <> azarl
reprovingly <> ayıpl
reprovingly <> kınay
reprovingly <> sitem
reps <> fitil
reptant <> sürün
reptile <> aşağı
reptile <> adi
reptile <> dalka
reptile <> sürün
reptiles <> sürün
reptilia <> sürün
reptilian <> aşağı
reptilian <> sürün
reptilian <> yağcı
republic <> cumhu
republican <> cumhu
republicanism <> cumhu
republicans <> cumhu
republication <> yayın
republics <> cumhu
republish <> yayın
republished <> yayın
republishing <> yayın
repudiate <> ödeme
repudiate <> boşam
repudiate <> borçl
repudiate <> inkâr
repudiate <> kabul
repudiate <> redde
repudiate <> tanım
repudiated <> redde
repudiates <> düşme
repudiating <> redde
repudiation <> boşam
repudiation <> inkâr
repudiation <> red
repudiation <> ret
repudiation <> tanım
repudiation <> yadsı
repugnance <> antip
repugnance <> aykır
repugnance <> iğren
repugnance <> istek
repugnance <> nefre
repugnance <> tutar
repugnance <> zıtlı
repugnant <> aykır
repugnant <> gönül
repugnant <> iğren
repugnant <> istek
repugnant <> itici
repugnant <> karşı
repugnant <> muhal
repulse <> geri
repulse <> iğren
repulse <> itele
repulse <> itici
repulse <> itme
repulse <> itmek
repulse <> kabac
repulse <> kovma
repulse <> püskü
repulsed <> püskü
repulsion <> antip
repulsion <> geri
repulsion <> iğren
repulsion <> itme
repulsion <> nefre
repulsive <> antip
repulsive <> iğren
repulsive <> itici
repulsive <> uzakl
repulsiveness <> antip
repulsiveness <> iğren
repulsiveness <> itici
repurchase <> tekra
repurchase <> yenid
repurchased <> geri
repurchases <> alıml
repurchasing <> repo
reputability <> saygı
reputable <> ünlü
reputable <> şeref
reputable <> hatır
reputable <> itiba
reputable <> saygı
reputable <> tanın
reputation <> ün
reputation <> şöhre
reputation <> şeref
reputation <> ad
reputation <> itiba
reputational <> itiba
reputations <> Mesaj
repute <> Çevri
repute <> ün
repute <> şöhre
repute <> şeref
repute <> ad
repute <> farze
repute <> isim
repute <> olara
repute <> sanma
repute <> saygı
repute <> sayma
reputed <> ünlü
reputed <> farze
reputed <> meşhu
reputed <> sözde
reputed <> sanıl
reputed <> sayıl
reputed <> tanın
reputedly <> güya
request <> arzu
request <> dilek
request <> istek
request <> istem
request <> resme
request <> rica
request <> ricad
request <> talep
requested <> Talep
requester <> istek
requesters <> reque
requesting <> rica
requesting <> talep
requestor <> İstek
requests <> istek
requiem <> ölü 
requiem <> ölüle
requiems <> Requi
require <> eksik
require <> gerek
require <> icap
require <> ihtiy
require <> istem
require <> zorun
required <> gerek
required <> lazım
requirement <> gerek
requirement <> icap
requirement <> ihtiy
requirement <> istek
requirement <> koşul
requirement <> lüzum
requirements <> gerek
requires <> gerek
requiring <> gerek
requisite <> gereç
requisite <> gerek
requisite <> lazım
requisite <> malze
requisite <> zarur
requisite <> zorun
requisites <> malze
requisition <> el 
requisition <> gerek
requisition <> istek
requisition <> istem
requisition <> lüzum
requisition <> resme
requisition <> talep
requisitioning <> elkoy
requisitions <> Talep
requisitives <> yüküm
requital <> öç
requital <> ödül
requital <> bedel
requital <> karşı
requital <> misil
requite <> öç 
requite <> ödüll
requite <> acısı
requite <> altın
requite <> karşı
requited <> cezal
reread <> tekra
reread <> yenid
rereading <> broke
rerecord <> Yenid
reredos <> kilis
reregister <> yenid
reregistered <> yenid
reregistering <> yenid
reregisters <> yenid
rerelease <> yenid
rereleased <> yenid
rereleases <> yenid
reroute <> saptı
reroute <> yönün
reroute <> yenid
reroutes <> yenid
rerouting <> parku
rerun <> rerun
rerun <> tekra
rerun <> yenid
res <> şey
res <> konu
res <> mesel
res <> res
resale <> perak
resale <> tekra
resales <> Resal
resat <> Reşat
resave <> yenid
resaved <> Yenid
resawing <> YARMA
rescaled <> ölçek
rescanning <> yenid
rescans <> tarar
rescheduled <> ertel
reschedules <> yenid
rescheduling <> yenid
rescind <> feshe
rescind <> geçer
rescind <> iptal
rescind <> yürür
rescinded <> iptal
rescinds <> kaldı
rescission <> fesih
rescission <> iptal
rescission <> yürür
rescript <> buyru
rescript <> ferma
rescript <> tebli
rescue <> haciz
rescue <> hayat
rescue <> imdad
rescue <> imdat
rescue <> kurta
rescue <> muaf
rescue <> yardı
rescue <> zorla
rescued <> kurta
rescuer <> canku
rescuer <> kurta
rescuers <> kurta
rescues <> kurta
rescuing <> tahli
resculpt <> Şekil
resculpting <> Şekil
resealable <> yenid
resealed <> kapat
resealing <> mühür
research <> araşt
research <> arama
research <> etüt
research <> incel
researchable <> araşt
researched <> araşt
researcher <> araşt
researcher <> arama
researchers <> Araşt
researches <> araşt
researching <> araşt
reseat <> geri
reseat <> otura
reseat <> tekra
reseat <> yatağ
reseat <> yeni
reseat <> yenid
reseau <> Resea
reseaux <> résea
resect <> parça
resectability <> rezek
resectable <> rezek
resected <> rezek
resection <> parça
resection <> rezek
resections <> rezek
resectoscope <> rezek
resects <> yansı
reseda <> muhab
reseda <> yeşil
reseeding <> yenid
reselect <> Resel
reselected <> de 
reselecting <> yenid
reselects <> yenid
resell <> satma
resell <> tekra
reseller <> satıc
reseller <> tekra
resellers <> satıc
reselling <> satma
resemblance <> benze
resemblances <> benze
resemble <> benze
resembled <> benzi
resembles <> benze
resembling <> benze
resend <> yenid
resending <> tekra
resends <> gönde
resensitize <> yenid
resent <> alınm
resent <> gücün
resent <> gücen
resent <> içerl
resented <> rahat
resentful <> çabuk
resentful <> alınm
resentful <> dargı
resentful <> gücen
resentful <> içerl
resentful <> küskü
resentful <> kinci
resenting <> alını
resentment <> alınm
resentment <> dargı
resentment <> gücen
resentment <> hınç
resentment <> içerl
resentment <> kin
resentment <> zorun
resentments <> kızgı
resents <> içerl
reserpine <> reser
reservation <> ön 
reservation <> şart
reservation <> Rezer
reservation <> ayrıl
reservation <> doğal
reservation <> korum
reservation <> rezer
reservation <> yer 
reservations <> rezer
reserve <> çekin
reserve <> ön 
reserve <> şart
reserve <> ayırm
reserve <> ayırt
reserve <> ertel
reserve <> fon
reserve <> hakkı
reserve <> ihtiy
reserve <> kayna
reserve <> korum
reserve <> rezer
reserve <> sonra
reserve <> stok
reserve <> tutma
reserve <> yedek
reserved <> çekin
reserved <> Rezer
reserved <> ağzı
reserved <> ayırt
reserved <> ayrıl
reserved <> içine
reserved <> rezer
reserved <> sessi
reserved <> tutul
reserves <> rezer
reserving <> saklı
reservist <> yedek
reservists <> yedek
reservoir <> depo
reservoir <> hazne
reservoir <> rezer
reservoir <> su 
reservoirs <> rezer
reset <> ayarl
reset <> başta
reset <> bilem
reset <> oturt
reset <> sıfır
reset <> tekra
reset <> yenid
reset <> yerle
resets <> sıfır
resettable <> sıfır
resetter <> Reset
resetting <> sıfır
resettle <> dinle
resettle <> sakin
resettle <> tekra
resettle <> yatış
resettle <> yeni
resettle <> yenid
resettled <> iskan
resettlement <> yeni
resettlement <> yenid
resettlements <> iskan
resettling <> yerle
reshape <> şekli
reshape <> yeni
reshape <> yenid
reshaped <> yenid
reshapes <> yenid
reshaping <> yenid
reship <> gemid
reship <> tekra
reshipment <> gemid
reshuffle <> çapra
reshuffle <> değiş
reshuffle <> karşı
reshuffle <> tekra
reshuffle <> yenid
reshuffled <> kabin
reshuffles <> Değiş
resid <> Reşit
reside <> İkame
reside <> ait 
reside <> bulun
reside <> ikame
reside <> oturm
resided <> ikame
residence <> ev
residence <> işyer
residence <> ikâme
residence <> ikame
residence <> konak
residence <> konut
residence <> meske
residence <> oturm
residences <> konut
residency <> genel
residency <> ikame
residency <> konak
resident <> göç 
resident <> genel
resident <> ikame
resident <> mukim
resident <> otura
resident <> sakin
resident <> stajy
resident <> yerle
resident <> yerli
residential <> ikâme
residential <> mesku
residential <> oturm
residential <> yerle
residentially <> oturu
residents <> sakin
resides <> bulun
residing <> ikame
residua <> gerid
residual <> artık
residual <> artan
residual <> kalıc
residual <> kalın
residual <> kalan
residual <> tortu
residually <> artık
residuals <> artık
residuary <> arda
residuary <> artan
residuary <> fazla
residuary <> kalan
residue <> artık
residue <> kalın
residue <> kalan
residue <> tortu
residue <> vasiy
residues <> artık
residuum <> çökel
residuum <> bakiy
residuum <> dökün
residuum <> kalan
residuum <> posa
residuum <> tortu
resign <> çekil
resign <> bırak
resign <> emane
resign <> istif
resign <> kendi
resign <> tesli
resign <> vazge
resignation <> çekil
resignation <> bırak
resignation <> boyun
resignation <> ferag
resignation <> istif
resignation <> rıza
resignation <> tevek
resignation <> vazge
resignations <> İstif
resigned <> istif
resigned <> kader
resigned <> oluru
resigning <> istif
resigns <> istif
resilience <> çabuk
resilience <> elast
resilience <> esnek
resiliency <> esnek
resilient <> çabuk
resilient <> elast
resilient <> esnek
resilient <> kendi
resiliently <> esnek
resin <> çamsa
resin <> reçin
resin <> sakız
resinify <> reçin
resinoid <> rezin
resinoids <> resin
resinous <> reçin
resinous <> sakız
resins <> reçin
resist <> dayan
resist <> diren
resist <> engel
resist <> göğüs
resist <> karşı
resist <> muhal
resistable <> dayan
resistance <> dayan
resistance <> diren
resistance <> karşı
resistance <> metan
resistance <> mukav
resistance <> rezis
resistance <> taham
resistances <> diren
resistant <> dayan
resistant <> diren
resistant <> karşı
resistants <> diren
resisted <> diren
resistent <> dayan
resistent <> diren
resistent <> karşı
resisters <> diren
resistible <> dayan
resisting <> diren
resistive <> rezis
resistivities <> diren
resistivity <> özdir
resistivity <> diren
resistor <> rezis
resistors <> diren
resists <> diren
resit <> sınav
resit <> tekra
resize <> yenid
resizes <> boyut
resizing <> boyut
resole <> pençe
resole <> taban
resole <> yeni
resoled <> pençe
resolidified <> tekra
resoluble <> çözül
resoluble <> çözüm
resoluble <> çözün
resoluble <> halle
resoluble <> yenid
resolute <> aziml
resolute <> cesur
resolute <> dayan
resolute <> irade
resolute <> karar
resolute <> metin
resoluted <> çözün
resolutely <> karar
resolutely <> tered
resoluteness <> azim
resoluteness <> cesur
resoluteness <> karar
resoluteness <> metan
resoluteness <> sebat
resolution <> çözül
resolution <> çözüm
resolution <> çözün
resolution <> önerg
resolution <> ayırm
resolution <> ayrış
resolution <> azim
resolution <> dokun
resolution <> iltih
resolution <> karar
resolution <> niyet
resolution <> tekli
resolutions <> çözün
resolvable <> çözül
resolvable <> çözüm
resolvable <> çözün
resolvable <> ayrıl
resolvable <> halle
resolve <> çözüm
resolve <> çözme
resolve <> önerg
resolve <> aklın
resolve <> anali
resolve <> ayırm
resolve <> ayrış
resolve <> azim
resolve <> azmet
resolve <> dönüş
resolve <> gider
resolve <> halin
resolve <> halle
resolve <> karar
resolve <> niyet
resolve <> tahli
resolve <> yasa
resolved <> çözül
resolved <> aziml
resolved <> karar
resolvent <> çözüc
resolvent <> çözüm
resolvent <> halle
resolver <> çözüm
resolvers <> resol
resolves <> gider
resolving <> çözme
resonance <> rezon
resonance <> sesi
resonance <> tınla
resonance <> yankı
resonances <> rezon
resonant <> çınla
resonant <> rezon
resonant <> sesi
resonant <> tınla
resonant <> yankı
resonate <> çınla
resonate <> tınla
resonate <> yankı
resonated <> yankı
resonates <> çınlı
resonating <> rezon
resonator <> çınla
resonator <> rezon
resonator <> sesi
resonator <> yankı
resonators <> rezon
resorb <> yenid
resorbed <> rezor
resorbent <> yenid
resorbs <> emile
resorcinol <> rezor
resorption <> rezor
resorptions <> rezor
resorptive <> rezor
resort <> çare
resort <> başvu
resort <> dinle
resort <> gitme
resort <> ikinc
resort <> mesir
resort <> sık 
resort <> tatil
resort <> uğrak
resort <> yardı
resorted <> başvu
resorting <> başvu
resorts <> tatil
resound <> çın 
resound <> çınla
resound <> herke
resound <> sesi
resound <> tınla
resound <> yankı
resound <> yayıl
resounded <> çınla
resounding <> çınla
resource <> çözüm
resource <> çare
resource <> becer
resource <> kayna
resource <> oyala
resource <> uğraş
resource <> vasıt
resource <> yardı
resourced <> kayna
resourceful <> becer
resourceful <> her 
resourceful <> zengi
resourcefulness <> güçlü
resourceless <> becer
resourceless <> elind
resources <> aktif
resources <> imkân
resources <> kayna
resources <> olana
resources <> paras
resourcing <> kayna
respecified <> yenid
respecify <> belir
respect <> alâka
respect <> ayrıc
respect <> bakım
respect <> hürme
respect <> hatır
respect <> ilgi
respect <> ilgil
respect <> riâye
respect <> riaye
respect <> saygı
respect <> sayma
respect <> uyma
respect <> uymak
respectabilities <> görgü
respectabilities <> itiba
respectabilities <> saygı
respectability <> ekono
respectability <> itiba
respectability <> saygı
respectable <> öneml
respectable <> derli
respectable <> ekono
respectable <> hürme
respectable <> hatır
respectable <> kıyaf
respectable <> kayda
respectable <> namus
respectable <> saygı
respectable <> temiz
respected <> hatır
respected <> itiba
respected <> saygı
respecter <> gözet
respectful <> ayrıc
respectful <> fark
respectful <> hürme
respectful <> hatır
respectful <> riaye
respectful <> saygı
respectfully <> hürme
respectfully <> saygı
respectfulness <> saygı
respecting <> dair
respecting <> gelin
respecting <> hakkı
respecting <> ilişk
respecting <> saygı
respective <> bir 
respective <> herke
respective <> kendi
respective <> sıras
respectively <> ayrı
respectively <> her 
respectively <> sıras
respects <> hürme
respects <> saygı
respects <> selam
respirable <> solun
respiration <> nefes
respiration <> solun
respiration <> tenef
respirations <> solun
respirator <> gaz
respirator <> gaz 
respirator <> nefes
respirator <> solun
respiratorius <> respi
respirators <> maske
respiratory <> solun
respire <> biraz
respire <> nefes
respire <> soluk
respire <> solum
respired <> solun
respiring <> Solun
respirometer <> solun
respirometric <> Respi
respirometry <> Solun
respite <> ara
respite <> dinle
respite <> ertel
respite <> infaz
respite <> mühle
respite <> süre
respite <> soluk
respite <> zaman
resplendence <> görke
resplendence <> ihtiş
resplendence <> parla
resplendent <> ışıl
resplendent <> şaşaa
resplendent <> göz 
resplendent <> muhte
resplendent <> parla
respond <> cevap
respond <> etkil
respond <> karşı
respond <> ses 
respond <> yanıt
responded <> yanıt
respondent <> cevap
respondent <> daval
respondent <> karşı
respondent <> sanık
respondent <> savun
respondents <> Katıl
responders <> yanıt
responding <> yanıt
responds <> yanıt
response <> cemaa
response <> cevap
response <> etkil
response <> karşı
response <> ses 
response <> tepki
response <> yanıt
response <> yansı
responses <> yanıt
responsibilities <> sorum
responsibility <> ödeme
responsibility <> güven
responsibility <> mesul
responsibility <> sağla
responsibility <> sorum
responsibility <> temyi
responsibility <> yüküm
responsible <> emin
responsible <> güven
responsible <> mesul
responsible <> sağla
responsible <> sorum
responsiblities <> sorum
responsiblity <> sorum
responsibly <> sorum
responsive <> cevap
responsive <> duyar
responsive <> elast
responsive <> esnek
responsive <> hassa
responsive <> heves
responsive <> uyuml
responsiveness <> heves
responsiveness <> yanıt
responsivity <> cevap
rest <> çıkar
rest <> ölüm
rest <> artık
rest <> aynen
rest <> bakiy
rest <> dayam
rest <> dayan
rest <> deste
rest <> dikme
rest <> dinle
rest <> durak
rest <> durma
rest <> ebedi
rest <> es
rest <> gömül
rest <> geri
rest <> geris
rest <> harek
rest <> ihtiy
rest <> istir
rest <> kalın
rest <> kalan
rest <> koyma
rest <> mezar
rest <> misaf
rest <> mola
rest <> olmay
rest <> rahat
rest <> uyku
rest <> uyuma
rest <> uzanm
rest <> yasla
rest <> yatma
restaging <> yenid
restart <> yenid
restarted <> yenid
restarter <> Yenid
restarting <> yenid
restarts <> yenid
restate <> yenid
restated <> düzel
restatement <> yenid
restating <> yenid
restaurant <> lokan
restaurant <> resto
restaurants <> resto
restaurateur <> lokan
restaurateurs <> resto
restauration <> geri
restauration <> iade
restauration <> iyile
restauration <> resto
restauration <> yenid
restauration <> yenil
rested <> dinle
resterilised <> steri
resterilize <> steri
resterilized <> tekra
restful <> dinle
restful <> huzur
restful <> rahat
restful <> sessi
resting <> dayan
resting <> istir
restitute <> iade
restituted <> iade
restitution <> doğru
restitution <> eski
restitution <> resto
restitution <> sahib
restitution <> tazmi
restitution <> zarar
restive <> ayak
restive <> gitme
restive <> huzur
restive <> inatç
restive <> kıpır
restive <> sabır
restive <> yerin
restiveness <> huzur
restiveness <> inatç
restiveness <> sabır
restiveness <> yerin
restless <> dalga
restless <> harek
restless <> huzur
restless <> kıpır
restless <> karar
restless <> tez 
restless <> vesve
restless <> yerin
restlessly <> kıpır
restlessness <> huzur
restlessness <> rahat
restlessness <> tez 
restlessness <> uykus
restlessness <> yerin
restock <> eksik
restock <> stoğu
restock <> yenid
restoration <> geri
restoration <> iade
restoration <> iyile
restoration <> resto
restoration <> yenid
restoration <> yenil
restorations <> resto
restorative <> ayılt
restorative <> canla
restorative <> iyile
restorative <> kuvve
restorative <> resto
restoratives <> Resto
restorator <> resto
restore <> eski
restore <> görev
restore <> geri
restore <> iade
restore <> kavuş
restore <> onarm
restore <> resto
restore <> yenid
restore <> yenil
restored <> geri
restored <> onarı
restorer <> resto
restorer <> saçla
restorer <> yenil
restorers <> resto
restores <> geri
restoring <> geri
restrain <> alıko
restrain <> baskı
restrain <> bastı
restrain <> dizgi
restrain <> engel
restrain <> frenl
restrain <> hapse
restrain <> kısıt
restrain <> sınır
restrain <> tutma
restrained <> ölçül
restrained <> bastı
restrained <> dar
restrained <> ihtiy
restraining <> frenl
restrains <> kısıt
restraint <> baskı
restraint <> engel
restraint <> kısıt
restraint <> sınır
restraint <> tahdi
restraint <> tutma
restraints <> sınır
restrict <> kısıt
restrict <> sınır
restrict <> tahdi
restricted <> gizli
restricted <> kısıt
restricted <> sınır
restricted <> yasak
restricting <> kısıt
restriction <> kısıt
restriction <> kayıt
restriction <> sınır
restriction <> tahdi
restriction <> yasak
restrictions <> kısıt
restrictive <> bağla
restrictive <> kısıt
restrictive <> sınır
restrictive <> tanım
restrictively <> şartl
restrictiveness <> sıkıl
restricts <> kısıt
restriking <> tutuş
restroom <> helâ
restroom <> tuval
restrooms <> tuval
restructure <> yenid
restructured <> yenid
restructures <> yenid
restructuring <> yenid
restructurings <> yenid
rests <> duruy
resubmit <> yenid
resubmits <> yenid
resubmitted <> tekra
resubmitting <> Yenid
result <> ürün
result <> Sonuç
result <> akıbe
result <> netic
result <> semer
result <> son
result <> sonuç
result <> sonuc
resultant <> çıkan
resultant <> bileş
resultant <> meyda
resultant <> sonuç
resultants <> bileş
resulted <> sonuç
resulting <> çıkan
results <> sonuç
resumable <> Resum
resume <> özet
resume <> özetl
resume <> özgeç
resume <> geri
resume <> kaldı
resume <> kavuş
resume <> yenid
resumed <> devam
resumes <> devam
resuming <> sürdü
resumption <> geri
resumption <> kaldı
resumption <> yenid
resumptions <> davam
resupply <> bütün
resurface <> yenid
resurfaced <> ortay
resurfacing <> cilt
resurge <> yenid
resurgence <> canla
resurgence <> güçle
resurgence <> yenid
resurgent <> yenid
resurrect <> diril
resurrect <> yaşam
resurrect <> yenid
resurrected <> diril
resurrecting <> Resur
resurrection <> Hazre
resurrection <> diril
resurrection <> kıyam
resurrection <> yenid
resurrections <> ölüp
resuscitate <> ayılt
resuscitate <> diril
resuscitate <> hayat
resuscitate <> yaşam
resuscitated <> Resüs
resuscitating <> diril
resuscitation <> öldük
resuscitation <> diril
resuscitation <> resüs
resuscitative <> resüs
resuscitator <> resus
resuspend <> tekra
resuspended <> süspa
resuspension <> yenid
resynchronization <> resen
resynchronize <> yenid
resynchronized <> yenid
ret <> çürüm
ret <> ıslat
retail <> önüne
retail <> ayrın
retail <> perak
retail <> yayma
retailer <> perak
retailers <> perak
retailing <> perak
retails <> perak
retain <> alıko
retain <> elind
retain <> kaybe
retain <> paray
retain <> tutma
retain <> unutm
retained <> korun
retainer <> avans
retainer <> avuka
retainer <> dava
retainer <> hizme
retainer <> kilit
retainer <> pey 
retainer <> uşak
retainer <> yatak
retainers <> hizme
retaining <> istin
retains <> korur
retake <> filmd
retake <> geri
retake <> tekra
retake <> yeni
retaken <> tekra
retaliate <> öç 
retaliate <> aynı
retaliate <> aynın
retaliate <> intik
retaliate <> misil
retaliated <> misil
retaliates <> misil
retaliating <> misil
retaliation <> öç
retaliation <> dişe
retaliation <> misil
retaliatory <> misil
retama <> Retam
retard <> alıko
retard <> frenl
retard <> gecik
retard <> geliş
retard <> hızın
retard <> sürün
retard <> yavaş
retardants <> gecik
retardation <> alıko
retardation <> engel
retardation <> ertel
retardation <> gecik
retardation <> geril
retardation <> yavaş
retardations <> geril
retarded <> engel
retarder <> gecik
retarders <> gecik
retarding <> gecik
retards <> gecik
retargeting <> yenid
retch <> öğürm
retch <> kusma
retching <> öğürm
retell <> başka
retell <> tekra
retempering <> beton
retention <> çişin
retention <> akıld
retention <> alıko
retention <> belle
retention <> durdu
retention <> hafız
retention <> kaybe
retention <> korum
retention <> tutma
retentions <> retan
retentive <> alıko
retentive <> kuvve
retentive <> nemin
retentive <> suyu
retentive <> tutan
retentive <> unutm
retentivity <> kalıc
retest <> tekra
retested <> yenid
retesting <> yenid
retex <> Retex
retexturing <> Doku
rethink <> etraf
rethink <> tekra
rethink <> yenid
rethinking <> tekra
rethought <> yenid
rethread <> Rethr
reticella <> Retic
reticence <> ağzı
reticence <> ağzın
reticence <> az 
reticence <> sır 
reticence <> susku
reticent <> ağzı
reticent <> bildi
reticent <> ketum
reticent <> sessi
reticent <> susku
reticle <> dürbü
reticle <> taksi
reticles <> retik
reticular <> ağ
reticular <> ağ 
reticular <> ağsı
reticularis <> retik
reticulate <> ağ 
reticulate <> ağsı
reticulated <> şebek
reticulated <> ağ 
reticulated <> ağsı
reticulation <> ağ 
reticulatum <> Retic
reticule <> ağsı
reticule <> dürbü
reticule <> el 
reticule <> kadın
reticulin <> retik
reticulocyte <> retik
reticulocytes <> retik
reticulocytosis <> retik
reticuloendothelial <> retik
reticuloendotheliosis <> Retic
reticuloid <> retik
reticulonodular <> retik
reticulosis <> retik
reticulum <> retik
retie <> Retie
retiform <> ağ 
retiform <> ağsı
retighten <> sıkın
retina <> ağtab
retina <> retin
retinacular <> retin
retinaculum <> retin
retinal <> retin
retinas <> Retin
retinectomies <> retin
retinectomy <> retin
retinoblastoma <> retin
retinochoroiditis <> koryo
retinoic <> retin
retinoids <> retin
retinols <> retin
retinopathy <> retin
retinopexy <> retin
retinoschisis <> retin
retinoscopic <> retin
retinoscopy <> retin
retinotomies <> retin
retinotomy <> retin
retinue <> berab
retinue <> eşlik
retinue <> maiye
retire <> çekil
retire <> ödeme
retire <> ayrıl
retire <> emekl
retire <> geri
retire <> inziv
retire <> tedav
retire <> uyuma
retire <> uzakl
retire <> yatağ
retire <> yatma
retired <> ıssız
retired <> emekl
retired <> gözde
retired <> inziv
retired <> kuytu
retired <> uzakl
retiree <> emekl
retirees <> emekl
retirement <> çekil
retirement <> emekl
retirement <> geri
retirement <> gizli
retirement <> inziv
retirement <> köşes
retirement <> tedav
retirements <> emekl
retires <> emekl
retireth <> çekil
retiring <> çekin
retiring <> emekl
retiring <> göze
retiring <> inziv
retiring <> mahçu
retiring <> sıkıl
retiring <> silik
retiring <> utang
retitle <> yenid
retold <> anlat
retool <> aletl
retool <> yeni
retorn <> Retor
retort <> anınd
retort <> aynen
retort <> cevab
retort <> imbik
retort <> sert
retorted <> tersl
retortion <> aynen
retortion <> geriy
retortion <> misil
retorts <> Retor
retouch <> düzel
retouch <> rötuş
retouched <> düzel
retoucher <> Retou
retouches <> düzel
retouching <> rötuş
retrace <> üzeri
retrace <> geri
retrace <> izini
retrace <> köken
retrace <> kayna
retraced <> öncey
retracement <> Retra
retraces <> izini
retract <> çekil
retract <> cayma
retract <> dili
retract <> geri
retract <> içeri
retract <> sözün
retract <> vazge
retractable <> geri
retractable <> içeri
retractable <> vazge
retractation <> sözün
retracted <> retra
retractile <> geri
retractile <> içeri
retraction <> geri
retraction <> içeri
retraction <> sözün
retractions <> çekil
retractor <> fleks
retractor <> geri
retractor <> yara
retractors <> Retra
retracts <> katla
retrain <> değiş
retrain <> yeni
retrain <> yenid
retrained <> yenid
retraining <> mesle
retraining <> yenid
retrains <> çağır
retransferring <> yenid
retranslate <> tekra
retranslate <> yenid
retranslated <> izlen
retranslation <> yeni
retranslation <> yenid
retransmission <> yenid
retransmissions <> yenid
retransmit <> tekra
retransmits <> yenid
retransmitted <> dağıt
retread <> dışı
retread <> dış
retread <> dış 
retread <> lasti
retreaded <> kapla
retreading <> sırt
retreat <> bayra
retreat <> ensti
retreat <> geri
retreat <> geril
retreat <> inziv
retreat <> köşes
retreat <> kaçma
retreat <> kafa
retreat <> rehab
retreat <> yat 
retreat <> yenid
retreated <> geri
retreating <> Geri
retreatments <> neova
retreats <> inziv
retrench <> azalt
retrench <> kırpm
retrench <> kısal
retrench <> kısma
retrench <> perso
retrench <> siper
retrench <> tasar
retrenchment <> azalt
retrenchment <> kırpm
retrenchment <> kısın
retrenchment <> kısal
retrenchment <> metri
retrenchment <> perso
retrenchment <> tasar
retrial <> tekra
retrial <> yenid
retribution <> öç
retribution <> ceza
retribution <> intik
retribution <> misil
retributive <> cezal
retributive <> intik
retributive <> kinci
retried <> denen
retries <> denem
retrievable <> düzel
retrievable <> geri
retrievable <> telâf
retrievable <> yenid
retrieval <> geri
retrieval <> yenid
retrievals <> alıml
retrieve <> almak
retrieve <> avı 
retrieve <> geri
retrieve <> kavuş
retrieve <> kurta
retrieve <> telâf
retrieved <> Alına
retriever <> avı 
retriever <> av
retriever <> av 
retrievers <> retri
retrieves <> alır
retrieving <> almak
retroaction <> geriy
retroactive <> geriy
retroactively <> geriy
retroactivity <> geriy
retroauricular <> retro
retrobulbar <> retro
retrocaval <> retro
retrocede <> geri
retrocede <> iade
retroceding <> Reasü
retrocession <> geri
retrocession <> geril
retrocession <> geriy
retrocession <> iade
retrocochlear <> retro
retrocollis <> başın
retrofit <> güçle
retrofitted <> sonra
retrofitting <> güçle
retroflexion <> retro
retrogradation <> retro
retrograde <> bozul
retrograde <> dejen
retrograde <> geri
retrograde <> geric
retrograde <> geril
retrograde <> geriy
retrograde <> kötül
retrograde <> ters
retrograde <> tersi
retrogradely <> retro
retrogress <> bozul
retrogress <> geriy
retrogress <> kötül
retrogress <> ters
retrogress <> yozla
retrogressed <> retro
retrogression <> geril
retrogression <> geriy
retrogression <> kötül
retrogression <> ters
retrogression <> yozla
retrogressive <> geric
retrogressive <> geril
retrogressive <> geriy
retrogressive <> irtic
retrogressive <> yozla
retroject <> geriy
retroperitoneally <> retro
retroperitoneum <> retro
retropharyngeal <> retro
retroplacental <> retro
retropubic <> retro
retroreflection <> retro
retroreflective <> Refle
retrorocket <> fren
retrorocket <> gecik
retrospect <> Geriy
retrospect <> geçmi
retrospection <> geçmi
retrospective <> geçmi
retrospective <> retro
retrospectively <> retro
retrospectives <> retro
retrotransposons <> retro
retrousse <> havay
retrousse <> ucu 
retroversion <> geriy
retrovirus <> retro
retroviruses <> retro
retry <> yenid
retrying <> yenid
rets <> RETS
rette <> Rette
return <> aynı
return <> bülte
return <> beyan
return <> dönüş
return <> döndü
return <> dönme
return <> geri
return <> geriy
return <> getir
return <> hüküm
return <> iade
return <> ince
return <> kâr
return <> karşı
return <> karar
return <> mille
return <> misil
return <> nükse
return <> rövan
return <> rapor
return <> resme
return <> resmi
return <> seçim
return <> tazmi
return <> tekra
return <> topa
return <> topu
return <> torni
return <> yansı
returnable <> depoz
returnable <> geri
returnable <> iades
returned <> döndü
returnee <> geri
returnees <> dönen
returner <> Retur
returners <> Retur
returning <> geri
returns <> döner
returns <> hasıl
retype <> yenid
reunification <> uzlaş
reunification <> yenid
reunified <> birle
reunifies <> birle
reunify <> yenid
reunifying <> yenid
reunion <> anma
reunion <> birle
reunion <> tekra
reunion <> topla
reunion <> uzlaş
reunions <> topla
reunite <> barış
reunite <> birle
reunite <> kavuş
reunite <> topla
reunited <> yenid
reuniting <> yenid
reuptake <> geri
reusability <> yenid
reusable <> yenid
reuse <> yenid
reused <> yenid
reuses <> kalın
reusing <> yenid
rev <> dönüş
rev <> devir
rev <> devri
rev <> hızın
rev <> hızla
revaccinate <> aşıla
revaccinate <> yenid
revaccinated <> aşıla
revaccination <> tekra
revalidate <> yenid
revalidation <> reval
revalorization <> para
revalorization <> paran
revalorization <> reval
revalorize <> yenid
revaluate <> değer
revaluate <> yeni
revaluate <> yenid
revaluating <> değer
revaluation <> değer
revaluation <> reval
revaluation <> yenid
revalue <> değer
revalue <> yenid
revalued <> değer
revalues <> değer
revamp <> düzel
revamp <> moder
revamp <> yamam
revamp <> yenil
revamping <> yenid
revanche <> Revan
revanchist <> öç 
revanchist <> intik
revascularisation <> revas
revascularization <> revas
reveal <> açığa
reveal <> belli
reveal <> esin
reveal <> gözle
reveal <> ifşa
reveal <> ilham
reveal <> meyda
reveal <> ortay
reveal <> perva
reveal <> vahiy
revealed <> ortay
revealer <> Revea
revealers <> Revea
revealeth <> indir
revealing <> açık
revealing <> açıkl
revealing <> anlam
revealing <> dekol
reveals <> ortay
reveille <> kalk
revel <> alem
revel <> cümbü
revel <> eğlen
revel <> mest
revel <> zevk
revelation <> açığa
revelation <> belli
revelation <> esin
revelation <> ilham
revelation <> vahiy
revelations <> âyetl
revelator <> Revel
revelators <> Revel
reveler <> eğlen
reveler <> sabah
reveler <> zevk
revelled <> revel
reveller <> eğlen
reveller <> sabah
reveller <> zevk
revellers <> revel
revelling <> revel
revelries <> Şenli
revelry <> alem
revelry <> cümbü
revelry <> içkil
revels <> Revel
revenant <> Reven
revenge <> öç
revenge <> öç 
revenge <> öcünü
revenge <> acısı
revenge <> hınç
revenge <> hıncı
revenge <> hesap
revenge <> intik
revenge <> kin
revenge <> rövan
revenged <> intik
revengeful <> öç 
revengeful <> intik
revengeful <> kinci
revengeful <> kinda
revengefulness <> öç 
revengefulness <> hınç
revengefulness <> kinci
revengefulness <> kinda
revenger <> Reven
revenges <> intik
revenging <> intik
revenue <> devle
revenue <> gelir
revenue <> hazin
revenue <> maliy
revenues <> aidat
revenues <> gelir
revenues <> hasıl
revenues <> kazan
reverberant <> yankı
reverberate <> akset
reverberate <> yankı
reverberate <> yansı
reverberates <> yankı
reverberation <> akis
reverberation <> yankı
reverberation <> yansı
reverberations <> yankı
reverberator <> proje
reverberator <> refle
reverberator <> yansı
reverberatory <> rever
revere <> önünd
revere <> büyük
revere <> kutsa
revere <> tapma
revere <> ulula
revered <> saygı
reverence <> derin
reverence <> hürme
reverence <> hayra
reverence <> rever
reverence <> saygı
reverend <> aziz
reverend <> din 
reverend <> muhte
reverend <> peder
reverend <> saygı
reverends <> Rever
reverent <> hürme
reverent <> saygı
reverential <> saygı
reverently <> saygı
reverie <> düş
reverie <> dalıp
reverie <> dalgı
reverie <> hülya
reverie <> hayal
reveries <> Hayal
reverification <> doğru
reverified <> yenid
reverify <> doğru
reversal <> ani 
reversal <> geri
reversal <> iptal
reversal <> karar
reversal <> ters
reversal <> tersi
reversal <> yürür
reversals <> ters
reverse <> öbür
reverse <> aksi
reverse <> aksil
reverse <> arka
reverse <> başar
reverse <> bozma
reverse <> döndü
reverse <> geri
reverse <> geriy
reverse <> iptal
reverse <> karşı
reverse <> ters
reverse <> tersi
reverse <> tersl
reverse <> tersy
reverse <> yenil
reverse <> zıt
reversed <> ters
reversely <> ters
reverses <> tersi
reversibilities <> verdi
reversibility <> çevri
reversibility <> devre
reversibility <> rever
reversibility <> tersi
reversible <> çevri
reversible <> bozul
reversible <> iki 
reversible <> iptal
reversible <> ters
reversible <> tersi
reversibly <> geri
reversing <> geri
reversing <> ters
reversion <> eski
reversion <> evirt
reversion <> ilkel
reversion <> kutup
reversion <> tersl
reversion <> veras
reversionary <> ilk 
reversionary <> intik
reversionary <> miras
reversioner <> art 
reversioner <> veras
reversioner <> zilye
reverso <> Rever
revert <> çevir
revert <> dönme
revert <> eski
revert <> ilkel
revert <> tekra
revert <> yenid
reverted <> döndü
reverting <> geri
reverts <> döner
revery <> Rever
reves <> REVES
revet <> giydi
revet <> kapla
revetment <> kapla
revetment <> patla
revetments <> Kapla
review <> araşt
review <> bir 
review <> denet
review <> dergi
review <> detay
review <> eleşt
review <> gözde
review <> geçit
review <> geçmi
review <> incel
review <> kriti
review <> revü
review <> reviz
review <> tefti
review <> tekra
review <> yenid
reviewed <> gözde
reviewer <> eleşt
reviewers <> yorum
reviewing <> incel
reviews <> yorum
revile <> hakar
revile <> kötül
revile <> küfre
revile <> sövme
revile <> yerme
revilement <> hakar
revilement <> kötül
revilement <> küfür
revilement <> yerin
revisable <> Değiş
revisal <> ikinc
revisal <> reviz
revisal <> tefti
revisal <> tekra
revisal <> tetki
revisal <> yenid
revise <> düzel
revise <> değiş
revise <> gözde
revise <> reviz
revise <> tashi
revise <> tekra
revise <> yenid
revised <> reviz
revisers <> düzel
revises <> reviz
revising <> reviz
revision <> düzel
revision <> gözde
revision <> reviz
revision <> tashi
revisional <> reviz
revisionism <> saptı
revisionist <> saptı
revisionists <> reviz
revisions <> reviz
revisit <> tekra
revisit <> yenid
revisiting <> yenid
revitalisation <> yenid
revitalise <> canla
revitalise <> diril
revitalise <> kuvve
revitalise <> teşvi
revitalise <> yenid
revitalised <> canla
revitalises <> canla
revitalising <> canla
revitalization <> yenid
revitalize <> canla
revitalize <> diril
revitalize <> kuvve
revitalize <> teşvi
revitalize <> yenid
revitalized <> canla
revitalizer <> Canla
revitalizes <> canla
revitalizing <> canla
revivable <> tekra
revival <> ayılm
revival <> ayılt
revival <> canla
revival <> dinin
revival <> diril
revival <> uyanı
revival <> yenid
revivalism <> İncil
revivalism <> dini
revivalism <> nitel
revivalist <> uyanı
revivals <> Reviv
revive <> ayılm
revive <> canla
revive <> diril
revive <> günde
revive <> hayat
revive <> ihya
revive <> neşel
revive <> tasfi
revive <> tekra
revive <> uyand
revive <> uyanm
revive <> yenid
revived <> canla
reviver <> kuvve
reviver <> uyarı
revives <> canla
revivify <> canla
revivify <> diril
revivify <> hayat
revivify <> ihya
revivify <> yeni
reviving <> canla
revocable <> feshe
revocable <> geri
revocable <> iptal
revocation <> geri
revocation <> iptal
revocation <> yürür
revocative <> geri
revoke <> geri
revoke <> iptal
revoke <> rönon
revoke <> yürür
revoke <> yerde
revoked <> iptal
revokes <> iptal
revoking <> feshe
revolt <> ayakl
revolt <> ayrıl
revolt <> başka
revolt <> dehşe
revolt <> iğren
revolt <> isyan
revolt <> nefre
revolt <> tiksi
revolted <> ayakl
revolters <> Revol
revolting <> iğren
revoltingly <> çok
revoltingly <> iğren
revoltingly <> son 
revolts <> İsyan
revolution <> dever
revolution <> devir
revolution <> devri
revolution <> gezeg
revolution <> ihtil
revolution <> köklü
revolutionaries <> devri
revolutionary <> devri
revolutionary <> inkıl
revolutionise <> ayakl
revolutionise <> devir
revolutionise <> devri
revolutionise <> köklü
revolutionised <> devri
revolutionises <> devri
revolutionising <> devri
revolutionism <> devri
revolutionist <> devri
revolutionists <> devri
revolutionize <> ayakl
revolutionize <> devir
revolutionize <> devri
revolutionize <> köklü
revolutionized <> devri
revolutionizes <> devri
revolutionizing <> devri
revolutions <> devri
revolve <> döndü
revolve <> dönme
revolve <> düşün
revolve <> devir
revolve <> devre
revolve <> etraf
revolved <> dönüy
revolver <> altıp
revolver <> revol
revolver <> taban
revolvers <> revol
revolves <> döner
revolving <> döner
revolving <> devir
revs <> devir
revue <> dansl
revue <> revü
revue <> varye
revulsion <> ani 
revulsion <> duygu
revulsion <> hasta
revulsion <> iğren
revulsion <> tepki
revulsion <> uzakl
revved <> Revve
revving <> devir
rewan <> Rewan
reward <> ödül
reward <> ödüll
reward <> hizme
reward <> karşı
reward <> mükâf
rewarded <> ödüll
rewarder <> ödüll
rewarding <> fayda
rewarding <> ileri
rewarding <> kârlı
rewarding <> yapma
rewards <> ödüll
rewarmed <> yenid
rewarming <> yenid
rewe <> Rewe
reweaving <> yenil
reweigh <> yenid
rewind <> geri
rewind <> yenid
rewinder <> topla
rewinding <> geri
rewinds <> sarar
rewiring <> yenid
reword <> başka
reword <> yenid
reworded <> Rewor
rewound <> Rewou
rewrite <> düzel
rewrite <> tekra
rewrite <> yeni
rewrite <> yenid
rewriter <> yenid
rewrites <> Yenid
rewriting <> yeni
rewriting <> yenid
rewritten <> yenid
rex <> hüküm
rex <> kral
reyn <> Reyn
reynard <> tilki
rezoning <> Rezon
rhabdoid <> rabdo
rhabdomyolysis <> rabdo
rhabdomyoma <> rabdo
rhabdomyosarcoma <> rabdo
rhabdomyosarcomas <> Rabdo
rhamnus <> Rhamn
rhapsodic <> coşku
rhapsodic <> heyec
rhapsodic <> rapso
rhapsodical <> coşku
rhapsodical <> heyec
rhapsodical <> rapso
rhapsodies <> Rhaps
rhapsodist <> duygu
rhapsodist <> epik
rhapsodist <> heyec
rhapsodize <> öve 
rhapsodize <> hayra
rhapsodize <> heyec
rhapsody <> aşırı
rhapsody <> coşku
rhapsody <> heyec
rhapsody <> rapso
rhea <> Ameri
rhea <> Rhea
rhegmatogenous <> yırtı
rheic <> Reik
rhenium <> renyu
rheologic <> reolo
rheological <> reolo
rheology <> reolo
rheometer <> reome
rheometers <> reome
rheostat <> akım
rheostat <> reost
rheostats <> reost
rhesus <> al
rhesus <> al 
rhetoric <> belâg
rhetoric <> etkil
rhetoric <> güzel
rhetoric <> hitab
rhetoric <> retor
rhetoric <> sözbi
rhetorical <> hitab
rhetorical <> sözbi
rhetorical <> tumtu
rhetorically <> retor
rhetorician <> etkil
rhetorician <> güzel
rhetorician <> hatip
rhetorics <> Retor
rheum <> Rheum
rheumatic <> romat
rheumatical <> romat
rheumaticky <> romat
rheumatics <> romat
rheumatism <> romat
rheumatismal <> romat
rheumatisms <> romat
rheumatoid <> romat
rheumatological <> romat
rheumatologist <> romat
rheumatologists <> romat
rheumatology <> romat
rheumy <> çapak
rhinal <> burun
rhine <> Ren 
rhine <> geniş
rhines <> Rhine
rhinestone <> elmas
rhinestone <> yapay
rhinitis <> rinit
rhino <> gerge
rhino <> mangı
rhino <> para
rhinoceros <> gerge
rhinoceroses <> gerge
rhinolith <> rinol
rhinology <> burun
rhinology <> rinol
rhinomanometry <> rinom
rhinophyma <> rinof
rhinoplasty <> rinop
rhinorrhea <> rinor
rhinorrhoea <> burun
rhinos <> gerge
rhinoscleroma <> Rinos
rhinoscopy <> rinos
rhinotomy <> rinot
rhinovirus <> rinov
rhinoviruses <> rhino
rhizobium <> Rhizo
rhizoctonia <> Rhizo
rhizome <> köksa
rhizome <> rizom
rhizomelic <> rizom
rhizomes <> rizom
rhizophagous <> kök 
rhizopod <> kökay
rhizopoda <> Rhizo
rhizopods <> rhizo
rhizopus <> Rhizo
rhizosphere <> rizos
rhizotomy <> rizot
rhodium <> rodyu
rhododendron <> rodod
rhododendron <> yapra
rhododendrons <> orman
rhodophyceae <> Rhodo
rhodophyta <> Rhodo
rhodotorula <> Rhodo
rhomb <> eşken
rhomb <> main
rhombic <> bakla
rhombic <> eşken
rhombohedra <> paral
rhombohedral <> Rhomb
rhombohedron <> eşken
rhomboid <> bakla
rhomboid <> eşken
rhomboid <> paral
rhomboidal <> bakla
rhomboidal <> paral
rhombus <> eşken
rhombuses <> Eşken
rhonchi <> ronkü
rhos <> Rhos
rhubarb <> arka
rhubarb <> mırıl
rhubarb <> raven
rhubarb <> saçma
rhumb <> kerte
rhumba <> Rhumb
rhus <> Rhus
rhyme <> kısa
rhyme <> kafiy
rhyme <> uyak
rhyme <> uyakl
rhymed <> kafiy
rhymed <> uyakl
rhymeless <> kafiy
rhymeless <> uyaks
rhymer <> şair
rhymer <> acemi
rhymers <> ağzı
rhymes <> teker
rhymester <> şair
rhymester <> acemi
rhyming <> kafiy
rhyming <> uyakl
rhyolite <> riyol
rhyolites <> riyol
rhyolitic <> riyol
rhythm <> ahenk
rhythm <> nabız
rhythm <> ritim
rhythm <> ritm
rhythm <> uyum
rhythm <> vezin
rhythmic <> ritmi
rhythmic <> uyuml
rhythmical <> ritmi
rhythmically <> ritmi
rhythmics <> ritim
rhythms <> ritim
rhythmus <> Rhyth
rhytidectomy <> Rhyti
rhyton <> Rhyto
rial <> riyal
rialto <> borsa
rialto <> ticar
rialto <> tiyat
rias <> RIA
rib <> çubuk
rib <> şemsi
rib <> dalga
rib <> fitil
rib <> hanım
rib <> kabur
rib <> kafa
rib <> kiriş
rib <> nervü
rib <> perva
rib <> pirzo
rib <> takıl
rib <> yapra
rib <> zevce
ribald <> ağzı
ribald <> alayc
ribald <> dedik
ribald <> küfür
ribald <> müste
ribald <> terbi
ribald <> utanm
ribald <> yüzsü
ribaldry <> açık
ribaldry <> soğuk
ribaldry <> terbi
riband <> şerit
riband <> dakti
riband <> kurde
ribbed <> çıkın
ribbed <> damar
ribbed <> fitil
ribbed <> kabur
ribbed <> yivli
ribbing <> azarl
ribbing <> fırça
ribbing <> kabur
ribbon <> şerit
ribbon <> bant
ribbon <> dakti
ribbon <> kurde
ribbon <> perva
ribboned <> şerit
ribboned <> bantl
ribboned <> geniş
ribbonfish <> Ribbo
ribbons <> şerit
ribbons <> dizgi
ribes <> kuşüz
riboflavin <> b
riboflavin <> b 
ribonuclease <> ribon
ribonucleic <> ribon
ribonucleoprotein <> ribon
ribonucleotide <> ribon
ribose <> riboz
ribosomal <> riboz
ribosome <> riboz
ribosomes <> riboz
ribosylation <> riboz
ribozyme <> riboz
ribozymes <> riboz
ribs <> pirzo
ribulose <> ribul
rice <> pilav
rice <> pirin
ricer <> patat
rices <> Pirin
rich <> ağır
rich <> anlam
rich <> berek
rich <> besin
rich <> besle
rich <> bol
rich <> canlı
rich <> değer
rich <> espri
rich <> gür
rich <> komik
rich <> nükte
rich <> pahad
rich <> pahal
rich <> paral
rich <> varlı
rich <> verim
rich <> yoğun
rich <> zengi
riched <> zengi
richens <> Riche
richer <> daha
riches <> hazin
riches <> serve
riches <> zengi
richesse <> Riche
richest <> zengi
richly <> adama
richly <> bol 
richly <> tamam
richly <> zengi
richness <> ağırl
richness <> berek
richness <> bollu
richness <> canlı
richness <> ferah
richness <> verim
richness <> yağlı
richness <> zengi
richnesses <> zengi
rick <> bükül
rick <> burkm
rick <> burku
rick <> kuru
rick <> rick
rick <> saman
rick <> tınaz
ricker <> Ricke
rickets <> raşit
rickettsia <> Ricke
rickettsial <> riket
rickety <> çürük
rickety <> cılız
rickety <> köhne
rickety <> kırıl
rickety <> raşit
rickety <> sıska
rickey <> Ricke
ricks <> Ricks
rickshaw <> çekçe
rickshaw <> puspu
ricochet <> keman
ricochet <> seker
ricochet <> sekme
ricochet <> zıpla
ricochets <> Ricoc
ricochetting <> sekme
rictus <> agız
rictus <> gaga
rictus <> riktü
rid <> kurta
rid <> kurtu
rid <> temiz
riddance <> başın
riddance <> kurtu
ridden <> akını
ridden <> basmı
ridden <> istil
ridder <> Ridde
ridders <> Ridde
ridding <> biniy
riddle <> üstü
riddle <> bilme
riddle <> bulma
riddle <> delik
riddle <> doğru
riddle <> eleşt
riddle <> eleme
riddle <> kalbu
riddle <> muamm
riddle <> sır
riddle <> sırrı
riddled <> delik
riddler <> Riddl
riddles <> bilme
riddling <> içere
ride <> üst 
ride <> araba
ride <> binme
ride <> dolaş
ride <> gırgı
ride <> geçme
ride <> gezin
ride <> havad
ride <> kafa
ride <> karar
ride <> kayar
ride <> kulla
ride <> sürük
ride <> süzül
ride <> sataş
ride <> taşım
ride <> yüzme
rideau <> RIDEA
ridel <> Ridel
rider <> atlı
rider <> binic
rider <> bisik
rider <> deste
rider <> ek 
rider <> ilave
rider <> oynak
riderless <> süvar
riders <> binic
ridesharing <> Vasıt
ridge <> çıkın
ridge <> çapal
ridge <> dağ 
ridge <> kabar
ridge <> sırt
ridge <> tepe
ridge <> yükse
ridgeback <> Pütür
ridgepole <> çatı
ridges <> sırtl
ridgeway <> dağ 
ridging <> çizgi
ridicule <> alay
ridicule <> alaya
ridicule <> dalga
ridiculed <> alay
ridicules <> alaya
ridiculing <> alay
ridiculous <> anlam
ridiculous <> gülün
ridiculous <> komik
ridiculous <> rezal
ridiculously <> gülün
ridiculousness <> anlam
ridiculousness <> gülün
ridiculousness <> maska
riding <> ata 
riding <> binek
riding <> binic
riding <> binme
riding <> idari
ridings <> Ridin
ridley <> Ridle
riel <> Riel
riem <> Riem
ries <> Ries
riesling <> Riesl
rifabutin <> rifab
rifampicin <> Rifam
rifamycin <> rifam
rife <> çok 
rife <> dolu
rife <> salgı
rife <> yaygı
riffle <> çabuk
riffle <> ızgar
riffle <> acele
riffle <> ayırm
riffle <> iskam
riffle <> kâğıt
riffle <> oluk
riffle <> yiv
riffraff <> ayakt
rifle <> ceple
rifle <> soyma
rifle <> soyup
rifle <> tüfek
rifle <> yağma
rifle <> yiv 
rifle <> yivli
rifled <> yivli
rifleman <> avcı
rifleman <> silâh
rifleman <> tüfek
riflemen <> Rifle
rifles <> avcı
rifles <> tüfek
riflescope <> TÜFEK
rifling <> helez
rifling <> yiv 
rift <> çatla
rift <> açıkl
rift <> ara 
rift <> aralı
rift <> yarık
rift <> yarma
rifted <> riftl
rifting <> riftl
rifts <> uçuru
rig <> çıkar
rig <> alet
rig <> allay
rig <> dümen
rig <> düzme
rig <> donan
rig <> donat
rig <> hile
rig <> kılık
rig <> süsle
rig <> teçhi
rig <> uydur
rig <> yalan
rigel <> Rigel
rigg <> Rigg
rigged <> hilel
rigger <> armad
rigger <> kablo
rigger <> makin
rigger <> piyas
rigger <> trans
rigging <> arma
rigging <> dalav
rigging <> donan
rigging <> donat
rigging <> hile
rigging <> uçağı
riggs <> Riggs
right <> çeki
right <> cidde
right <> dürüs
right <> düz
right <> düzel
right <> düzen
right <> düzgü
right <> derle
right <> dik
right <> dik 
right <> doğru
right <> dosdo
right <> en 
right <> gayet
right <> gerçe
right <> hak
right <> haklı
right <> itiba
right <> sağ
right <> sağ 
right <> sağa
right <> sağda
right <> sağlı
right <> tam
right <> tam 
right <> telâf
right <> yasal
right <> yolun
rightabout <> geris
rightabout <> tam 
righteous <> adil
righteous <> dürüs
righteous <> doğru
righteous <> hak 
righteousness <> dürüs
righteousness <> doğru
righter <> Hakkı
rightful <> gerçe
rightful <> hakik
rightful <> haklı
rightful <> yasal
rightful <> yerin
rightfully <> haklı
rightfulness <> haklı
righthanded <> Sağ 
righties <> sağ
righting <> doğru
rightist <> muhaf
rightist <> sağcı
rightists <> sağcı
rightly <> dürüs
rightly <> doğru
rightly <> emin
rightly <> gergi
rightly <> haklı
rightly <> kesin
rightly <> uygun
rightmost <> sağda
rightness <> doğru
rightness <> hakka
righto <> aferi
righto <> tamam
rights <> hakla
rightward <> sağa
rightwards <> sağa
rightwing <> sağcı
rigid <> değiş
rigid <> dik 
rigid <> dimdi
rigid <> eğilm
rigid <> esnem
rigid <> kaska
rigid <> katı
rigid <> kesin
rigid <> sabit
rigid <> sert
rigidities <> katıl
rigidity <> bükül
rigidity <> değiş
rigidity <> esnem
rigidity <> katıl
rigidity <> sabit
rigidity <> sertl
rigidly <> katı
rigids <> şasi
rigmarole <> deli
rigmarole <> saçma
rigmarole <> teker
rigol <> Rigol
rigor <> ürper
rigor <> şidde
rigor <> cefa
rigor <> dakik
rigor <> kötü
rigor <> kasıl
rigor <> katıl
rigor <> kesin
rigor <> sıkın
rigor <> sertl
rigor <> titiz
rigor <> titre
rigor <> zorlu
rigorous <> şidde
rigorous <> dakik
rigorous <> dikka
rigorous <> kesin
rigorous <> sıkı
rigorous <> sert
rigorous <> soğuk
rigorous <> titiz
rigorously <> titiz
rigorousness <> katı
rigors <> titre
rigour <> ürper
rigour <> şidde
rigour <> cefa
rigour <> dakik
rigour <> kötü
rigour <> kasıl
rigour <> katıl
rigour <> kesin
rigour <> sıkın
rigour <> sertl
rigour <> titiz
rigour <> titre
rigour <> zorlu
rigourous <> şidde
rigourous <> dakik
rigourous <> dikka
rigourous <> kesin
rigourous <> sıkı
rigourous <> sert
rigourous <> soğuk
rigourous <> titiz
rigours <> titre
rigs <> kulel
rikishi <> Rikis
rile <> kızdı
rile <> sinir
riled <> sinir
rilievo <> Rilie
rill <> çay
rill <> derec
rilling <> Rilli
rills <> derec
rim <> çembe
rim <> çerçe
rim <> jant
rim <> kasna
rim <> kenar
rimantadine <> riman
rime <> kırağ
rime <> kafiy
rime <> uyak
rimes <> Rimes
rimless <> çerçe
rimmer <> Rimme
rimming <> Rimmi
rimrock <> Rimro
rims <> jantl
rimshot <> Rimsh
rimy <> kırağ
rind <> dış 
rind <> deri
rind <> kabuk
rinderpest <> sığır
rindless <> Kabuk
ring <> çıkar
ring <> çınla
ring <> çalma
ring <> çan 
ring <> çembe
ring <> çete
ring <> çevre
ring <> şıngı
ring <> ayla
ring <> bahis
ring <> daire
ring <> etki
ring <> etraf
ring <> göste
ring <> hale
ring <> halka
ring <> izlen
ring <> karte
ring <> klik
ring <> kuşat
ring <> pist
ring <> ring
ring <> telef
ring <> tröst
ring <> yüzük
ring <> zil 
ringdove <> boynu
ringed <> halka
ringed <> yüzük
ringer <> çıngı
ringer <> çancı
ringer <> çanlı
ringer <> Zil
ringer <> avlan
ringer <> demir
ringer <> hile
ringer <> tıpat
ringer <> zango
ringers <> zille
ringgit <> ringg
ringing <> çınla
ringing <> çalan
ringing <> çan 
ringing <> Zil
ringleader <> çete
ringleader <> eleba
ringleaders <> eleba
ringlet <> bukle
ringlet <> lüle
ringlet <> saç 
ringlet <> ufak
ringmaster <> sirk
rings <> halka
ringside <> ring
ringster <> klik
ringster <> tröst
ringway <> Çevre
ringworm <> manta
ringworm <> saçkı
rink <> alani
rink <> buz 
rink <> paten
rinker <> Rinke
rinks <> pistl
rinse <> çalka
rinse <> durul
rinse <> hafif
rinsed <> durul
rinses <> durul
rinsing <> çalka
rinsing <> durul
rinsing <> sudan
rinsings <> durul
rioja <> Rioja
riot <> şamat
riot <> alem
riot <> ayakl
riot <> azıtm
riot <> başka
riot <> cümbü
riot <> isyan
riot <> karış
riot <> karga
riot <> mest
riot <> patır
riot <> velve
rioter <> asi
rioter <> göste
rioter <> gürül
rioter <> isyan
rioter <> karış
rioters <> isyan
rioting <> isyan
riotous <> aşırı
riotous <> bol
riotous <> gürül
riotous <> hovar
riotous <> huzur
riotous <> karga
riotous <> sefih
riotously <> gürül
riots <> ayakl
rip <> çapkı
rip <> beş 
rip <> değer
rip <> dikiş
rip <> hızla
rip <> hovar
rip <> kopar
rip <> olanc
rip <> sökük
rip <> sökül
rip <> sökme
rip <> uçarı
rip <> vın 
rip <> yırtı
rip <> yırtm
rip <> yarıl
rip <> yarma
riparian <> ırmak
riparian <> nehir
ripcord <> balon
ripcord <> elekt
ripcord <> paraş
ripe <> açık
ripe <> ameli
ripe <> bekle
ripe <> dinle
ripe <> ergin
ripe <> erişk
ripe <> görmü
ripe <> hazır
ripe <> kemâl
ripe <> müste
ripe <> olgun
ripe <> olmuş
ripe <> pişki
ripe <> sulu
ripe <> uygun
ripen <> kemâl
ripen <> olgun
ripened <> olgun
ripeness <> ergin
ripeness <> kemâl
ripeness <> olgun
ripeness <> pişki
ripening <> olgun
ripens <> olgun
riping <> RIPin
riposte <> cevab
riposte <> hazır
riposte <> karşı
riposte <> sert
riposte <> zekic
ripped <> sökük
ripped <> sökül
ripper <> alem
ripper <> dikiş
ripper <> kanlı
ripper <> söküc
ripper <> yırtı
ripper <> yaman
ripping <> harik
ripping <> mükem
ripping <> müthi
ripping <> sökme
ripple <> çağla
ripple <> şırıl
ripple <> daire
ripple <> dalga
ripple <> hafif
ripple <> kırış
ripple <> keten
ripple <> su 
ripples <> dalga
rippling <> dalga
rips <> akınt
ripsaw <> bıçkı
ripsaw <> kaba
ripsnorter <> çılgı
ripsnorter <> şamat
ripsnorter <> gürül
ripsnorter <> olağa
ripstop <> yırtı
riptide <> karış
rise <> çıkma
rise <> şidde
rise <> artış
rise <> artma
rise <> ayağa
rise <> bahan
rise <> diril
rise <> doğma
rise <> doğuş
rise <> eklen
rise <> görün
rise <> haval
rise <> herke
rise <> kabar
rise <> kalkm
rise <> katıl
rise <> kayna
rise <> neden
rise <> tümse
rise <> tepe
rise <> terfi
rise <> yükse
rise <> yukar
rised <> yükse
risen <> arttı
riser <> basam
riser <> merdi
riser <> yükse
risers <> Riser
rises <> yükse
rish <> Rish
rishi <> Rishi
risibility <> güldü
risibility <> gülme
risibility <> komik
risible <> gülün
risible <> güldü
risible <> gülme
risible <> komik
rising <> çıkış
rising <> çıkan
rising <> şiş
rising <> şişli
rising <> artış
rising <> ayakl
rising <> doğan
rising <> doğma
rising <> doğuş
rising <> geliş
rising <> gitgi
rising <> ihtil
rising <> ilerl
rising <> isyan
rising <> ucu 
rising <> yükse
risk <> göze
risk <> risk
risk <> riske
risk <> rizik
risk <> tehli
risked <> riske
riskier <> riskl
riskiest <> riskl
riskiness <> riskl
risking <> riske
riskless <> risks
risks <> riskl
risky <> açık
risky <> müste
risky <> riskl
risky <> rizik
risky <> tehli
risky <> terbi
risorgimento <> Risor
risottos <> risot
risperidone <> rispe
risque <> açık
risque <> müste
risque <> terbi
rissole <> balık
rissole <> köfte
rissoles <> Köfte
ristocetin <> risto
risus <> Risus
rite <> aşai
rite <> ayin
rite <> dini
rite <> usul
rite <> yönte
rite <> yol 
rites <> ayinl
rits <> RITS
ritt <> Ritt
ritts <> RITTS
ritual <> ayin
ritual <> dini
ritual <> dinse
ritual <> tören
ritualised <> gelen
ritualism <> ayin
ritualistic <> tören
ritualization <> Ritüe
ritualized <> ritüe
rituals <> ritüe
ritzy <> lüks
rival <> çekiş
rival <> aşık
rival <> hasım
rival <> rakip
rival <> rekab
rivaled <> ile
rivaling <> rakip
rivalled <> ile
rivalling <> rakip
rivalries <> rekab
rivalry <> çekiş
rivalry <> rekab
rivalry <> yarış
rivals <> rakip
rive <> incit
rive <> kırıl
rive <> kırma
rive <> kopar
rive <> yırtm
rive <> yolma
riven <> parça
river <> ırmak
river <> akış
river <> nehir
riverain <> ırmak
riverain <> nehir
riverbank <> nehir
riverbanks <> nehir
riverbed <> nehir
riverbeds <> dere
riverboat <> nehir
riverboats <> nehir
riverfront <> ırmak
riverfront <> nehir
riverhead <> ırmağ
riverhead <> nehir
riverhead <> subaş
riverine <> ırmak
riverine <> nehir
riverman <> River
rivers <> nehir
riverside <> ırmak
riverside <> nehir
riverview <> River
riverway <> River
rives <> Nehir
rivet <> bağla
rivet <> bir 
rivet <> dikme
rivet <> konsa
rivet <> perçi
riveted <> perçi
riveter <> Rivet
riveters <> Perçi
riveting <> perçi
rivets <> perçi
riviere <> Rivie
rivieres <> Rivie
riving <> yarma
rivlin <> Rivli
rivo <> Rivo
rivulet <> çay
rivulet <> dere
rivulet <> derec
riyal <> riyal
riz <> Riz
roach <> çamça
roach <> hamam
roach <> istra
roach <> karab
roaches <> Roach
road <> cadde
road <> demir
road <> karay
road <> maden
road <> yol
roadability <> yola
roadbed <> demir
roadbed <> sabit
roadbed <> yol 
roadblock <> barik
roadblock <> bariy
roadblock <> yolu
roadblocking <> eşzam
roadblocks <> barik
roadbook <> yol 
roaders <> yolcu
roadholding <> yol 
roadholding <> yolu
roadhouse <> Roadh
roadies <> Roadi
roading <> yol 
roadless <> yolu
roadman <> seyya
roadman <> yol 
roadmap <> yol 
roadmaps <> yol 
roadmaster <> ROADM
roadrunner <> Roadr
roadrunners <> Roadr
roads <> dış 
roads <> demir
roads <> liman
roads <> yolla
roadshow <> tanıt
roadshows <> roads
roadside <> yol
roadside <> yol 
roadsides <> Yol
roadstead <> dış 
roadstead <> demir
roadstead <> liman
roadster <> üstü
roadster <> binek
roadster <> bisik
roadster <> roads
roadster <> uzun
roadway <> şerit
roadway <> karay
roadway <> yol 
roadways <> yolla
roadwork <> koşu
roadworks <> yol
roadworthiness <> trafi
roadworthy <> trafi
roadworthy <> yola
roam <> amaçs
roam <> dolaş
roam <> gezin
roam <> gezme
roamed <> dolaş
roamer <> Roame
roaming <> Dolaş
roan <> benek
roan <> demir
roan <> meşin
roan <> merca
roar <> bağır
roar <> gürül
roar <> gürle
roar <> hırıl
roar <> haykı
roar <> kükre
roar <> uğuld
roar <> uğult
roared <> diye
roaring <> çok 
roaring <> fanat
roaring <> gümbü
roaring <> gürül
roaring <> gürle
roaring <> harar
roaring <> kükre
roaring <> kapış
roaring <> uğuld
roaring <> uğult
roars <> kükre
roary <> Roary
roast <> alay
roast <> azarl
roast <> et 
roast <> fırça
roast <> fırın
roast <> kızar
roast <> kavru
roast <> kavur
roast <> pişme
roast <> rosto
roast <> sıcak
roast <> tavla
roasted <> fırın
roasted <> kızar
roasted <> kavru
roaster <> cevhe
roaster <> fırın
roaster <> kızar
roaster <> süt
roaster <> süt 
roasters <> Kavur
roasting <> dili
roasting <> kavur
roasts <> kızar
rob <> çalma
rob <> hırsı
rob <> soygu
rob <> soyma
rob <> soyup
rob <> yoksu
rob <> zorla
robbed <> soydu
robber <> hırsı
robber <> haydu
robber <> soygu
robberies <> soygu
robbers <> soygu
robbery <> hırsı
robbery <> soygu
robbin <> Robbi
robbing <> soyma
robbins <> Robbi
robe <> örtme
robe <> borno
robe <> cüppe
robe <> elbis
robe <> giydi
robe <> giyme
robe <> giysi
robe <> kafta
robe <> lata
robe <> rop
robe <> sabah
robe <> sarma
robe <> uzun
robed <> cüppe
rober <> Rober
roberts <> Rober
robes <> elbis
robin <> Robin
robin <> daire
robin <> herke
robin <> kızıl
robin <> mehme
robin <> narbü
robinet <> Robin
robinia <> Robin
roble <> Roble
robles <> Roble
roborant <> kuvve
robot <> otoma
robot <> robot
robot <> uçan
robotic <> robot
robotically <> robot
robotics <> robot
robotised <> robot
robotization <> Robot
robotized <> robot
robots <> robot
roburite <> alevs
robust <> çetin
robust <> dinç
robust <> diren
robust <> güçlü
robust <> gürbü
robust <> kaba
robust <> kuvve
robust <> zorlu
robustious <> gürül
robustious <> kaba
robustly <> sağla
robustness <> dinçl
robustness <> kuvve
robustness <> sağla
roc <> anka
roccella <> Rocce
roch <> Roch
roches <> Roche
rochet <> pisko
rock <> ırgal
rock <> şok 
rock <> Cebel
rock <> belâ
rock <> değer
rock <> dert
rock <> dolar
rock <> elmas
rock <> kaya
rock <> lolip
rock <> para
rock <> rock
rock <> sıkın
rock <> salla
rock <> sarsı
rock <> sarsm
rock <> taş
rock <> zorla
rockaby <> Rocka
rockabye <> Rocka
rockaway <> Rocka
rocked <> sarsı
rocker <> beşik
rocker <> kavis
rocker <> rock'
rocker <> salla
rockery <> taş
rockery <> taş 
rocket <> azar
rocket <> füze
rocket <> havai
rocket <> papar
rocket <> roka
rocket <> roket
rocketeer <> roket
rocketing <> roket
rocketry <> füze
rockets <> roket
rockfall <> göçük
rockhopper <> Rockh
rockhounding <> Tırma
rockiness <> katı
rockiness <> kayal
rocking <> salla
rocklands <> Rockl
rockling <> gelin
rockrose <> laden
rocks <> kayaç
rocks <> taşak
rockslide <> daki
rockwood <> tahta
rockwork <> kaya
rockwork <> kayal
rockwork <> taş
rockwork <> taş 
rocky <> çürük
rocky <> kaya
rocky <> kayal
rocky <> salla
rocky <> sarsa
rocky <> taş 
rocky <> taşlı
rococo <> çok 
rococo <> rokok
rocs <> Rocs
rod <> çük
rod <> çubuk
rod <> asa
rod <> basto
rod <> dayak
rod <> değne
rod <> filiz
rod <> güç
rod <> ince
rod <> kamış
rod <> kol
rod <> penis
rod <> sırık
rod <> sopa
rod <> taban
rodder <> Rodde
roddy <> Roddy
rode <> Rode
rodent <> dokul
rodent <> kemir
rodental <> Röden
rodenticide <> roden
rodenticides <> roden
rodents <> kemir
rodeo <> kovbo
rodeo <> rodeo
rodeo <> sığır
rodeway <> Rodew
roding <> Rodin
rodman <> Rodma
rodomontade <> övüne
rodomontade <> övünm
rods <> çubuk
rody <> Rody
roe <> balık
roe <> dişi
roe <> karac
roebuck <> erkek
roemer <> Roeme
roentgen <> röntg
roentgenogram <> röntg
roentgenograms <> grafi
roentgenographic <> radio
roentgens <> Röntg
roes <> yumur
rogation <> miraç
rogatory <> istin
roger <> Roger
roger <> anlaş
roger <> tamam
rogue <> çapkı
rogue <> düzen
rogue <> dolan
rogue <> ipsiz
rogue <> köfte
rogue <> kerat
rogue <> muzip
rogue <> sürüd
rogue <> serse
rogue <> yaram
roguery <> çapkı
roguery <> dolan
roguery <> serse
roguery <> yaram
rogues <> düzen
roguish <> çapkı
roguish <> düzen
roguish <> derbe
roguish <> kurna
roguish <> serse
roister <> şamat
roister <> gürül
roister <> yükse
roister <> yeri
roisterer <> çeneb
roisterer <> şamat
roisterer <> farfa
roisterer <> gürül
roker <> Roker
roks <> ROKS
roky <> Roky
role <> rol
role <> rol 
roleplaying <> Rol
roles <> rolle
rolfing <> Rolfi
roll <> çevir
roll <> şakım
roll <> ağzın
roll <> araba
roll <> döndü
roll <> dürüm
roll <> dürme
roll <> dalga
roll <> davul
roll <> gümbü
roll <> gitme
roll <> hadde
roll <> havad
roll <> kulla
roll <> liste
roll <> oklav
roll <> rulo
roll <> sürme
roll <> salın
roll <> salla
roll <> sarma
roll <> silin
roll <> soyma
roll <> teker
roll <> tomar
roll <> top
roll <> top 
roll <> vurgu
roll <> yalpa
roll <> yapra
roll <> yuvar
rollaway <> teker
rollback <> aşağı
rollback <> düşür
rollback <> geri
rollback <> püskü
rollback <> rollb
rollback <> ucuzl
rollbacks <> sadel
rolled <> hadde
roller <> baskı
roller <> bigud
roller <> bobin
roller <> gök 
roller <> makar
roller <> merda
roller <> oklav
roller <> rulmâ
roller <> sahil
roller <> sarma
roller <> silin
roller <> takla
roller <> teker
rollerblading <> paten
rollercoasters <> trenl
rollers <> silin
rollick <> çılgı
rollick <> alem
rollick <> eğlen
rollick <> gülüp
rollicking <> eğlen
rollicking <> neşel
rolling <> döner
rolling <> devri
rolling <> gümbü
rolling <> gürül
rolling <> gürle
rolling <> hadde
rolling <> inişl
rolling <> teker
rolling <> yalpa
rolling <> yuvar
rollingstone <> Rolli
rollmop <> şişte
rollmop <> ringa
rollneck <> katla
rollouts <> işlem
rollovers <> rollo
rolls <> rulo
rom <> Çinge
rom <> Roman
rom <> rom
romaine <> marul
roman <> Latin
roman <> Roma
roman <> Romal
roman <> Romen
roman <> Yeni
roman <> katol
romance <> çekic
romance <> Latin
romance <> aşk 
romance <> atıp
romance <> büyü
romance <> cazib
romance <> düşse
romance <> kahra
romance <> koşuk
romance <> kuyru
romance <> macer
romance <> marta
romance <> masal
romance <> palav
romance <> roman
romance <> uydur
romancer <> macer
romancer <> palav
romancer <> uydur
romances <> roman
romancing <> Roman
romanization <> Romal
romanized <> roman
romantic <> şaira
romantic <> düşse
romantic <> duygu
romantic <> hayal
romantic <> içli
romantic <> roman
romantically <> roman
romanticised <> roman
romanticism <> duygu
romanticism <> roman
romanticist <> roman
romanticize <> roman
romanticized <> roman
romanticizing <> roman
romantics <> roman
romanza <> Roman
romas <> Roman
romp <> azmak
romp <> boğuş
romp <> ele 
romp <> haşar
romp <> itişi
romp <> itişm
romp <> kolay
romp <> zorla
rompers <> çocuk
rompers <> oyun
rompers <> tulum
ronco <> Ronco
ronde <> Ronde
rondeau <> iki
rondeau <> iki 
rondel <> iki
rondel <> iki 
rondo <> rondo
roneo <> roneo
ronne <> Ronne
rontgen <> röntg
rontgenize <> röntg
rontgenogram <> röntg
rontgenogram <> radyo
rontgenography <> radyo
rontgenoscopy <> radyo
rontgenotherapy <> radyo
rood <> çeyre
rood <> bir 
rood <> haç
roof <> çatı
roof <> üstün
roof <> üst 
roof <> dam
roof <> motor
roof <> tepe
roofed <> çatıl
roofer <> çatı
roofers <> çatı
roofie <> Roofi
roofing <> çatı
roofings <> çatıl
roofless <> çatıs
roofless <> damsı
roofless <> evsiz
roofs <> çatıl
rooftop <> çatı
rook <> dolan
rook <> ekink
rook <> hile
rook <> hileb
rook <> kale
rook <> kazık
rook <> kumar
rookery <> çok 
rookery <> ekink
rookery <> fukar
rookery <> kümes
rookery <> karga
rookery <> kenar
rookie <> çayla
rookie <> acemi
rookies <> çayla
rooks <> karga
room <> boş 
room <> kalma
room <> neden
room <> oda
room <> oturm
room <> yer
roomed <> odalı
roomer <> pansi
roomers <> Roome
roomful <> oda
roomful <> oda 
roomiest <> geniş
roominess <> ferah
roominess <> geniş
rooming <> kiral
roomless <> daire
roommate <> oda
roommate <> oda 
roommates <> oda
rooms <> apart
rooms <> daire
rooms <> ev
rooms <> kalac
rooms <> odala
roomy <> ferah
roomy <> geniş
roos <> Roos
roosa <> Roosa
roost <> gecel
roost <> konak
roost <> tüneğ
roost <> tünek
roost <> tünem
rooster <> horoz
roosters <> horoz
root <> çakma
root <> akort
root <> altın
root <> araşt
root <> burnu
root <> deşme
root <> eşele
root <> esas
root <> kök
root <> kök 
root <> köken
root <> kökle
root <> kayna
root <> temel
root <> yerle
rooted <> köklü
rooted <> kökle
rooted <> yer 
rootedly <> kökün
rootedly <> tam 
rootedly <> temel
rootedness <> kökle
rooter <> fanat
rooter <> koyu
rooting <> kökle
rootless <> asıls
rootless <> dayan
rootless <> köksü
rootlet <> ince
rootlet <> kökçü
roots <> kökle
roots <> kayna
roots <> memba
rootstock <> anaç
rootstocks <> anaç
rootsy <> Roots
rooty <> çok
rooty <> çok 
rope <> bağla
rope <> dizi
rope <> halat
rope <> harek
rope <> içece
rope <> ip
rope <> ip 
rope <> ipe 
rope <> kemen
rope <> sicim
rope <> urgan
roped <> Roped
roper <> bağla
ropery <> halat
ropery <> ipçil
ropery <> urgan
ropes <> halat
ropewalk <> Ropew
ropewalker <> ip 
ropeway <> asma
ropeway <> telef
ropiness <> berba
ropiness <> kalit
ropiness <> tel 
ropiness <> yapış
roping <> Kemen
ropy <> ağdal
ropy <> berba
ropy <> bozul
ropy <> fakir
ropy <> kalit
ropy <> lüzuc
ropy <> sefil
ropy <> tel 
ropy <> vıcık
ropy <> yapış
roques <> ROQUE
roquet <> Roque
rorqual <> çatal
rorty <> Rorty
rosace <> gül 
rosaceous <> gül
rosaceous <> gül 
rosaria <> Rosar
rosarian <> gül
rosarian <> gül 
rosaries <> tespi
rosarium <> gül
rosarium <> gül 
rosary <> gül 
rosary <> tespi
roscoe <> Rosco
rose <> üzgeç
rose <> gül
rose <> gül 
rose <> güzel
rose <> hortu
rose <> lâl
rose <> pembe
rose <> rüzgâ
rose <> roze
rose <> yılan
roseate <> ümit
roseate <> gül 
roseate <> güllü
roseate <> iyims
roseate <> pembe
rosebud <> gül
rosebud <> gül 
rosebud <> gonca
rosebuds <> Roseb
rosebush <> gül
rosebush <> gül 
rosebushes <> Gül
rosehip <> kuşbu
rosehips <> Kuşbu
rosella <> Rosel
roselle <> Rosel
rosemary <> biber
roseola <> isili
roseola <> kızam
roseola <> rozeo
roser <> Roser
rosery <> gül
rosery <> gül 
roses <> gül
roset <> Roset
rosette <> rozet
rosetted <> rozet
rosettes <> rozet
rosewater <> gülsu
rosewood <> gül
rosewood <> gül 
rosewood <> peles
roshi <> Roshi
rosiere <> ROSIE
rosieres <> ROSIE
rosiers <> Rosie
rosin <> reçin
rosiness <> gül 
rosiness <> pembe
rosing <> Rosin
rosita <> Rosit
rosmarinus <> Rosma
rossbach <> Roßba
rosser <> Rosse
rosses <> Rosse
rossetti <> Rosse
rossing <> Rossi
rossini <> Rossi
rost <> Rost
roster <> görev
roster <> liste
roster <> nöbet
rosters <> Kadro
rosti <> Rosti
rostra <> Rostr
rostral <> kadır
rostrate <> gaga
rostrate <> gagay
rostrate <> kadır
rostrum <> gaga
rostrum <> kürsü
rostrum <> kadır
rostrum <> söyle
rosy <> ümit
rosy <> gül 
rosy <> güllü
rosy <> pembe
rot <> çürüm
rot <> çürüt
rot <> alay
rot <> bozma
rot <> bozul
rot <> kokuş
rot <> saçma
rot <> takıl
rot <> terbi
rot <> zırva
rota <> görev
rota <> iş 
rota <> nöbet
rota <> rota
rota <> yükse
rotal <> Rotal
rotameter <> rotam
rotaries <> Rotar
rotary <> döner
rotary <> devir
rotary <> eksen
rotary <> rotar
rotary <> rotat
rotatable <> döndü
rotate <> dönüş
rotate <> döndü
rotate <> dönme
rotate <> dolam
rotate <> dolan
rotate <> eksen
rotate <> her 
rotate <> rotas
rotate <> teker
rotated <> döndü
rotates <> döner
rotating <> dönen
rotation <> çevir
rotation <> dönüş
rotation <> dönme
rotation <> dever
rotation <> devir
rotation <> nöbet
rotation <> rotas
rotation <> sıra
rotational <> rotas
rotationally <> dönel
rotations <> rotas
rotative <> dönüş
rotative <> döner
rotative <> nöbet
rotative <> rotas
rotative <> sıra
rotators <> rotat
rotatory <> çark
rotatory <> dönüş
rotatory <> döner
rotatory <> rotas
rotatory <> sıra
rotavirus <> Rotav
rotaviruses <> Rotav
rote <> alışı
rotenone <> roten
rotes <> Rotes
rotgut <> kötü
rotgut <> kalit
rother <> Rothe
rotifer <> rotat
rotifers <> rotif
roting <> güç 
rotisserie <> döner
rotisserie <> et 
rotogravure <> bakır
rotogravure <> rotog
rotogravure <> tifdr
rotor <> çark
rotor <> döneç
rotor <> kasma
rotor <> perva
rotor <> rotor
rotors <> rotor
rots <> çürür
rotta <> Rotta
rotten <> çürük
rotten <> çürüm
rotten <> çok 
rotten <> berba
rotten <> bozuk
rotten <> cılk
rotten <> kokmu
rotten <> kokuş
rotten <> rezal
rottenness <> çürük
rottenness <> çürüm
rottenness <> berba
rottenness <> bozul
rottenness <> kokuş
rotter <> ciğer
rotter <> güven
rotter <> it
rotter <> it 
rotting <> çürüy
rottweilers <> Rottw
rotund <> gür
rotund <> tanta
rotund <> tok
rotund <> tombu
rotund <> top 
rotund <> tumtu
rotund <> yusyu
rotund <> yuvar
rotunda <> daire
rotunda <> yuvar
rotundas <> kubbe
rotundate <> yuvar
rotundity <> gürlü
rotundity <> toklu
rotundity <> tombu
rotundity <> tumtu
rotundity <> yuvar
rouble <> ruble
roubles <> ruble
rouche <> Rouch
rouches <> Rouch
roue <> çapkı
roue <> zampa
rouet <> ROUET
rouge <> allık
rouge <> dudak
rouge <> ruj
rouge <> ruj 
rough <> açık
rough <> aşağı
rough <> cilas
rough <> dalga
rough <> dik
rough <> eğret
rough <> engeb
rough <> fırtı
rough <> gürül
rough <> geçic
rough <> haşin
rough <> hoyra
rough <> işlen
rough <> itip
rough <> kötü
rough <> külha
rough <> kaba
rough <> kabac
rough <> kabad
rough <> kabat
rough <> kulak
rough <> müste
rough <> müsve
rough <> nal 
rough <> pürüz
rough <> pürtü
rough <> pütür
rough <> rahat
rough <> sertç
rough <> sert
rough <> tasla
rough <> terbi
rough <> yakla
rough <> zor
rough <> zorlu
roughage <> ekini
roughage <> kaba
roughage <> saman
roughages <> Kaba
roughcast <> çarpm
roughcast <> bitme
roughcast <> kaba
roughcast <> müsve
roughcast <> tasla
roughcasts <> Rough
roughdry <> çamaş
roughed <> tarta
roughen <> kabar
roughen <> pürüz
roughen <> pütür
roughened <> pürüz
roughening <> pürüz
rougher <> kaba
roughest <> pürüz
roughhouse <> gürül
roughhouse <> karga
roughhouse <> patır
roughhousing <> kopar
roughing <> kaba
roughly <> aşağı
roughly <> kaba
roughly <> kabac
roughly <> tahmi
roughneck <> bıçkı
roughneck <> dağ 
roughneck <> hödük
roughneck <> külha
roughneck <> kabad
roughness <> dalga
roughness <> engeb
roughness <> haşin
roughness <> hoyra
roughness <> kabal
roughness <> pürüz
roughness <> sekli
roughrider <> başıb
roughrider <> yaban
roughriders <> Rough
roughshod <> kayar
roughshod <> nal 
roulade <> dolma
roulade <> nağme
roule <> Roule
rouleau <> Roule
roulette <> dişli
roulette <> rulet
roulettes <> Rulet
roum <> Rum
round <> çekin
round <> çembe
round <> çepeç
round <> çevre
round <> öbür
round <> şidde
round <> açık
round <> bütün
round <> birbi
round <> boyun
round <> bu 
round <> dönme
round <> daire
round <> dilim
round <> dizi
round <> etraf
round <> hakkı
round <> halka
round <> küres
round <> kanon
round <> kesin
round <> kesir
round <> konus
round <> okkal
round <> raund
round <> sert
round <> tam
round <> tamam
round <> top 
round <> tufan
round <> tur
round <> yakın
round <> yaylı
round <> yuvar
roundabout <> çepeç
roundabout <> atlık
roundabout <> döner
roundabout <> dolam
roundabout <> dolay
roundabout <> tombu
roundabout <> topar
roundabout <> toplu
roundabout <> yuvar
rounded <> yuvar
roundel <> disk
roundel <> iki 
roundel <> madal
roundel <> yuvar
roundelay <> cıvıl
roundelay <> daire
roundelay <> kısa
roundelay <> kuşla
roundels <> madal
rounder <> ayyaş
rounder <> devir
rounder <> serke
rounder <> serse
rounder <> tur
rounders <> beysb
roundhead <> İngil
roundhead <> yuvar
roundhouse <> ani 
roundhouse <> cezae
roundhouse <> hapis
roundhouse <> kıç 
roundhouse <> lokom
roundhouse <> sert
rounding <> yuvar
roundings <> yuvar
roundish <> yuvar
roundly <> şidde
roundly <> açıkç
roundly <> aşağı
roundly <> dobra
roundly <> kesin
roundly <> tam 
roundly <> tamam
roundly <> yakla
roundly <> yuvar
roundness <> açık
roundness <> açıkl
roundness <> kesin
roundness <> yuvar
rounds <> devri
rounds <> kol
rounds <> mermi
roundsman <> dağıt
roundsman <> devri
roundtable <> yuvar
roundtables <> yuvar
roundtop <> çanak
roundtop <> gemi
roundtrip <> gidiş
roundup <> özet
roundup <> genel
roundup <> sürüy
roundup <> suçlu
roundup <> topar
roundup <> topla
roundwood <> odunl
roundworm <> yuvar
roundworms <> yuvar
roundy <> Round
roup <> tavuk
rouse <> çalka
rouse <> canla
rouse <> kışkı
rouse <> kızdı
rouse <> kalk
rouse <> tahri
rouse <> uyand
rouse <> uyanm
rouse <> yatağ
rouse <> yuvas
rouser <> üçkâğ
rouser <> dalav
rouser <> heyec
rouser <> kuyru
rouser <> sansa
rousing <> büyük
rousing <> canlı
rousing <> faal
rousing <> harek
rousing <> heyec
rousing <> kocam
rousseau <> Rouss
roustabout <> gemi
roustabout <> iskel
roustabout <> rıhtı
roustabout <> vasıf
rout <> araşt
rout <> arama
rout <> bozgu
rout <> düzen
rout <> darma
rout <> eşele
rout <> gürül
rout <> hengâ
rout <> hezim
rout <> kabul
route <> belli
route <> gönde
route <> güzer
route <> hat
route <> herza
route <> nakle
route <> rota
route <> sevke
route <> yürüy
route <> yol
routed <> yönle
router <> yönle
routers <> yönle
routes <> rotal
routh <> Routh
routine <> adet
routine <> alışı
routine <> alışk
routine <> basma
routine <> boş 
routine <> değiş
routine <> her 
routine <> klişe
routine <> mekan
routine <> progr
routine <> rutin
routine <> sırad
routine <> yorda
routinely <> alışk
routinely <> hep
routinely <> her 
routinely <> klişe
routinely <> rutin
routines <> rutin
routing <> yönle
routings <> yönle
routinism <> rutin
routinize <> adet
routinize <> alışk
routinize <> rutin
routs <> imkan
roux <> meyan
roux <> unlu
rove <> başıb
rove <> civat
rove <> dolaş
rove <> göz
rove <> göz 
rove <> gezin
rove <> gezme
rove <> iplik
rove <> pul
rove <> yün 
rove <> yarı
roven <> Roven
rover <> avare
rover <> gezgi
rover <> hedef
rover <> izci
rover <> kaba
rover <> korsa
rover <> rover
rover <> serse
rover <> uzun
roves <> gezer
roving <> başıb
roving <> göçeb
roving <> gezgi
roving <> gezic
roving <> seyya
roving <> uçan
rovings <> fitil
row <> şamat
row <> ağız
row <> dizi
row <> evler
row <> gürül
row <> kürek
row <> kıyam
row <> kavga
row <> patır
row <> sıra
row <> sıral
row <> sanda
row <> tartı
rowan <> üvez
rowanberry <> üvez
rowboat <> sanda
rowboats <> kürek
rowdies <> külha
rowdily <> taşkı
rowdiness <> bıçkı
rowdiness <> dayıl
rowdiness <> kabad
rowdy <> bıçkı
rowdy <> baldı
rowdy <> dayı
rowdy <> külha
rowdy <> kabad
rowdy <> zorba
rowdyism <> bıçkı
rowdyism <> dayıl
rowdyism <> kabad
rowed <> sıral
rowel <> mahmu
rowen <> ikinc
rower <> kürek
rower <> kayık
rowers <> kürek
rowett <> Rowet
rowing <> kürek
rowlock <> ıskar
rown <> Rown
rows <> Satır
roxithromycin <> roksi
royal <> asil
royal <> büyük
royal <> kontr
royal <> krala
royal <> krali
royal <> krall
royal <> muhte
royal <> prens
royal <> royal
royalism <> kralc
royalist <> kral
royalist <> kralc
royalties <> gayri
royalty <> ayrıc
royalty <> hüküm
royalty <> imtiy
royalty <> krali
royalty <> krall
royalty <> lisan
royalty <> ruhsa
royalty <> telif
royne <> Royne
royster <> Royst
rozelle <> Rozel
rozzer <> aynas
rozzer <> polis
rub <> alay
rub <> engeb
rub <> engel
rub <> friks
rub <> güçlü
rub <> geçin
rub <> iğnel
rub <> idare
rub <> kazım
rub <> klişe
rub <> laf 
rub <> mahzu
rub <> masaj
rub <> ovala
rub <> ovara
rub <> ovma
rub <> ovmak
rub <> ovuşt
rub <> pürüz
rub <> probl
rub <> sürme
rub <> sürtü
rub <> sürtm
rub <> zımpa
rubai <> Rubai
rubato <> Rubat
rubbed <> ovuşt
rubber <> üç 
rubber <> berab
rubber <> geziy
rubber <> hokey
rubber <> kauçu
rubber <> lasti
rubber <> masör
rubber <> merak
rubber <> ovma
rubber <> perda
rubber <> preze
rubber <> raspa
rubber <> sürtü
rubber <> silgi
rubber <> su 
rubber <> tellâ
rubber <> temiz
rubber <> tura
rubber <> zımpa
rubberised <> kauçu
rubberize <> lasti
rubberize <> su
rubberize <> su 
rubberized <> kauçu
rubberneck <> geziy
rubberneck <> merak
rubberneck <> tura
rubberneck <> turis
rubbers <> galoğ
rubbers <> galoş
rubbers <> jimna
rubbers <> kauçu
rubbers <> lasti
rubbers <> spor
rubbery <> lasti
rubbing <> merda
rubbing <> ovala
rubbing <> ovma
rubbing <> sürtü
rubbing <> sürtm
rubbing <> silme
rubbish <> çöp
rubbish <> ıvır
rubbish <> anlam
rubbish <> dökün
rubbish <> enkaz
rubbish <> işe 
rubbish <> moloz
rubbish <> süprü
rubbish <> saçma
rubbish <> zırva
rubbishy <> adi
rubbishy <> değer
rubbishy <> tapon
rubble <> çakıl
rubble <> dökün
rubble <> moloz
rubble <> sel 
rubble <> sular
rubbles <> moloz
rubblework <> moloz
rubdown <> dayak
rubdown <> masaj
rubdown <> ovala
rubdown <> ovma
rube <> avana
rube <> hödük
rube <> köylü
rube <> saftr
rubefacient <> cildi
rubefacient <> deriy
rubefacient <> kızar
rubefaction <> deriy
rubefaction <> kıpkı
rubefaction <> kırmı
rubefy <> kızar
rubel <> Rubel
rubella <> kızam
rubellite <> rubel
rubeola <> kızam
rubeosis <> rubeo
rubiales <> Rubia
rubicon <> Rubic
rubicund <> al
rubicund <> al 
rubicund <> kıpkı
rubicund <> kırmı
rubicund <> kolay
rubidium <> rubid
rubies <> yakut
rubify <> kızar
rubiginous <> pas 
rubins <> Rubin
rubious <> yakut
ruble <> ruble
rubles <> ruble
rubric <> değer
rubric <> kırmı
rubric <> yazı
rubricate <> bölüm
rubricate <> kırmı
rubrics <> liste
rubs <> losyo
rubstone <> bileğ
rubus <> Rubus
ruby <> kırmı
ruby <> lâl
ruby <> saat
ruby <> yakut
ruc <> RUC
ruche <> dante
ruche <> kırma
ruched <> dante
ruched <> kırma
ruching <> dante
ruck <> çoğun
ruck <> ayakt
ruck <> buruş
ruck <> gerid
ruck <> kırış
ruck <> nal 
ruck <> oyunc
ruck <> sırad
ruckle <> buruş
rucksack <> arka
rucksack <> sırt
rucksacks <> sırt
ruckus <> gürül
ruckus <> hengâ
ruckus <> kıyam
ruckus <> karış
ruckus <> karga
ruction <> gürül
ruction <> hengâ
ruction <> kıyam
ruction <> karış
ruction <> karga
rud <> Rud
rudas <> Rudas
rudbeckia <> Rudbe
rudd <> kızıl
rudder <> dümen
rudder <> kılav
rudder <> malt
rudder <> yönet
rudderless <> başsı
rudderless <> dümen
rudderless <> yönet
ruddiness <> kıpkı
ruddiness <> kırmı
ruddiness <> kızıl
ruddock <> Ruddo
ruddy <> al
ruddy <> kıpkı
ruddy <> kırmı
ruddy <> kahro
ruddy <> kanlı
ruddy <> lanet
ruddy <> sağlı
ruddy <> yanağ
rude <> becer
rude <> bet
rude <> cahil
rude <> edeps
rude <> engeb
rude <> gürbü
rude <> haşin
rude <> ham
rude <> hanta
rude <> işlen
rude <> ilkel
rude <> kaba
rude <> kabac
rude <> kabat
rude <> kulağ
rude <> nezak
rude <> sapas
rude <> saygı
rude <> tümse
rude <> terbi
rude <> vahşi
rudely <> kaba
rudely <> kabac
rudely <> terbi
rudeness <> becer
rudeness <> edeps
rudeness <> engeb
rudeness <> haşin
rudeness <> hanta
rudeness <> hoyra
rudeness <> işlen
rudeness <> ilkel
rudeness <> kabal
rudeness <> nezak
rudeness <> terbi
ruder <> Ruder
rudesheimer <> Rüdes
rudiment <> dumur
rudiment <> işlev
rudimental <> dumur
rudimental <> ilkel
rudimental <> tam 
rudimental <> temel
rudimentary <> dumur
rudimentary <> ilkel
rudimentary <> tam 
rudimentary <> temel
rudiments <> ön 
rudiments <> esasl
rudiments <> temel
rue <> üzülm
rue <> acıma
rue <> pişma
rue <> sedef
rueful <> üzücü
rueful <> üzgün
rueful <> acıkl
rueful <> acına
rueful <> dertl
rueful <> hüzün
rueful <> keder
rueful <> pişma
rueful <> uzünt
ruefully <> hüzün
ruefulness <> hüzün
ruefulness <> keder
ruefulness <> pişma
ruelle <> Ruell
ruff <> boyun
ruff <> dövüş
ruff <> fırfı
ruff <> kırma
ruff <> koz 
ruff <> kozla
ruff <> plati
ruffe <> plati
ruffian <> ayı
ruffian <> hödük
ruffian <> kabad
ruffian <> kalas
ruffian <> kavga
ruffian <> yontu
ruffian <> zorba
ruffianism <> vicda
ruffianism <> zorba
ruffianly <> ayı 
ruffianly <> canav
ruffianly <> zorba
ruffians <> Ruffi
ruffin <> Ruffi
ruffle <> allak
ruffle <> boyun
ruffle <> bozma
ruffle <> buruş
ruffle <> dağıt
ruffle <> dalga
ruffle <> fırfı
ruffle <> farba
ruffle <> hırpa
ruffle <> hızlı
ruffle <> heyec
ruffle <> kırış
ruffle <> kırma
ruffle <> kızma
ruffle <> kabar
ruffle <> karış
ruffle <> merak
ruffle <> süsü
ruffle <> telaş
ruffled <> karış
ruffles <> Karış
rufous <> pas
rufous <> pas 
rug <> batta
rug <> halı
rug <> küçük
rug <> kalın
rug <> kilim
rug <> namaz
rug <> secca
ruga <> Ruga
rugby <> ragbi
rugby <> rugby
rugged <> çetin
rugged <> bet
rugged <> engeb
rugged <> fırtı
rugged <> inişl
rugged <> kaba
rugged <> kayal
rugged <> kulak
rugged <> kuvve
rugged <> sağla
rugged <> sarp
rugged <> yalçı
rugged <> yontu
rugged <> zorlu
ruggedised <> sağla
ruggedized <> sağla
ruggedly <> sağla
ruggedness <> sağla
rugger <> ragbi
rugger <> rugby
rugose <> buruş
rugs <> kilim
ruin <> ırzın
ruin <> batış
ruin <> batır
ruin <> berba
ruin <> bozma
ruin <> harab
ruin <> harap
ruin <> iflas
ruin <> kızlı
ruin <> mahve
ruin <> mahvo
ruin <> rezil
ruin <> yıkıl
ruin <> yıkım
ruin <> yıkın
ruin <> yıkma
ruinate <> harap
ruination <> son
ruination <> tahri
ruination <> yıkıl
ruination <> yıkma
ruined <> batık
ruined <> batmı
ruined <> berba
ruined <> bozul
ruined <> harap
ruined <> mahvo
ruined <> yıkıl
ruiner <> Ruine
ruining <> bozma
ruinous <> harap
ruinous <> iflâs
ruinous <> periş
ruinous <> viran
ruinous <> yıkıc
ruinous <> yıkık
ruinously <> Doğan
ruins <> çöküş
ruins <> ören
ruins <> harab
ruins <> kalın
ruins <> yıkın
rukh <> Rukh
rule <> çizgi
rule <> çizme
rule <> cetve
rule <> düzey
rule <> egeme
rule <> emret
rule <> gönye
rule <> geçer
rule <> hüküm
rule <> hükme
rule <> idare
rule <> kanun
rule <> karar
rule <> kural
rule <> mahke
rule <> metre
rule <> norm
rule <> prens
rule <> sözü
rule <> salta
rule <> stand
rule <> tüzük
rule <> talim
rule <> yönet
rulebook <> kural
ruled <> çizgi
ruler <> çizgi
ruler <> cetve
ruler <> hüküm
ruler <> hakim
ruler <> idare
ruler <> yönet
rulers <> cetve
rulership <> hüküm
rules <> kural
rules <> tüzük
ruling <> çizgi
ruling <> başlı
ruling <> belli
ruling <> cari
ruling <> cetve
ruling <> egeme
ruling <> geçer
ruling <> hüküm
ruling <> hakim
ruling <> idare
ruling <> mahke
ruling <> yönet
ruling <> yargı
rulings <> karar
ruly <> Ruly
rum <> şaşır
rum <> acayi
rum <> garip
rum <> içki
rum <> komik
rum <> rom
rum <> tuhaf
rumba <> rumba
rumble <> çakma
rumble <> anlam
rumble <> arka
rumble <> bagaj
rumble <> gümbü
rumble <> gürül
rumble <> gürle
rumble <> gurul
rumble <> haykı
rumble <> içini
rumble <> perda
rumble <> sezme
rumble <> sokak
rumbled <> gürle
rumbles <> gümbü
rumbling <> gurul
rumbustious <> gürül
rumbustious <> taşkı
rumen <> işkem
rumina <> Rumin
ruminal <> rumen
ruminant <> düşün
ruminant <> dalıp
ruminant <> dalgı
ruminant <> geviş
ruminants <> Rumin
ruminate <> düşün
ruminate <> dalıp
ruminate <> geviş
ruminate <> kurma
ruminate <> tasar
ruminate <> uzun
ruminated <> düşün
rumination <> derin
rumination <> geviş
rumination <> uzun
ruminations <> düşün
ruminative <> düşün
ruminative <> dalgı
rummage <> araşt
rummage <> arama
rummage <> didik
rummage <> mezat
rummaging <> karış
rummer <> büyük
rummy <> acayi
rummy <> garip
rummy <> komik
rummy <> remi
rummy <> tuhaf
rumor <> şayia
rumor <> dedik
rumor <> rivay
rumor <> söyle
rumor <> yayma
rumored <> söyle
rumors <> söyle
rumour <> şayia
rumour <> dedik
rumour <> rivay
rumour <> söyle
rumour <> yayma
rumoured <> söyle
rumours <> söyle
rump <> but
rump <> kıç
rump <> kalın
rump <> kalan
rump <> sağrı
rumpelstiltskin <> Rumpe
rumple <> buruş
rumple <> dağıt
rumple <> kırış
rumple <> karma
rumpled <> kırış
rumpless <> kuyru
rumpus <> gürül
rumpus <> karga
rumpus <> kavga
rumpus <> patır
rums <> romla
run <> çalış
run <> çarpm
run <> çay
run <> çoğun
run <> çorap
run <> aday
run <> adayl
run <> akış
run <> akmak
run <> balık
run <> dere
run <> devam
run <> erime
run <> göste
run <> geçer
run <> geçip
run <> geçme
run <> gezin
run <> gidip
run <> gitme
run <> işlem
run <> işlet
run <> kümes
run <> kaçık
run <> kaçak
run <> kaçam
run <> kaçma
run <> koşar
run <> koşma
run <> koştu
run <> koşu
run <> kulla
run <> maden
run <> otlak
run <> otlat
run <> oynat
run <> rağbe
run <> sürü
run <> süre
run <> sürme
run <> sızma
run <> sefer
run <> seyir
run <> taşım
run <> taban
run <> talep
run <> uzanm
run <> verim
run <> yönet
run <> yürür
run <> yarış
run <> yayın
runabout <> aylak
runabout <> işsiz
runabout <> küçük
runagate <> külha
runagate <> serse
runaway <> firar
runaway <> gizli
runaway <> kaçak
runaway <> kolay
runaway <> kontr
runaway <> sızın
runaways <> Kaçak
runcinate <> teste
rundale <> Runda
rundle <> Rundl
rundown <> özet
rune <> germe
rune <> rünik
runer <> Runer
runes <> rünle
rung <> basam
rung <> porta
rung <> sandâ
rungs <> basam
runic <> germe
runic <> rünik
runlet <> çay
runlet <> dere
runlet <> derec
runnel <> çay
runnel <> ark
runnel <> dere
runnel <> oluk
runnels <> Runne
runner <> çığır
runner <> çark
runner <> atlet
runner <> dağıt
runner <> haber
runner <> kaçak
runner <> koşuc
runner <> palan
runner <> ray
runner <> saban
runner <> ulak
runner <> yarış
runners <> rayla
runneth <> yağmu
running <> çalış
running <> abluk
running <> akan
running <> akar
running <> arka
running <> cari
running <> cerah
running <> genel
running <> işlek
running <> işlet
running <> işley
running <> iltih
running <> kaçak
running <> kaçam
running <> koşan
running <> koşar
running <> koşma
running <> koşu
running <> peşpe
running <> sürek
running <> tekra
runnings <> Runni
runny <> akıcı
runny <> akan
runny <> cıvık
runny <> sulu
runoff <> akış
runout <> Aşınm
runproof <> dayan
runproof <> sağla
runrig <> Runri
runs <> amel
runs <> ishal
runt <> bücür
runt <> bir 
runt <> cüce
runt <> en 
runt <> küçük
runt <> kavru
runup <> tırma
runway <> geçit
runway <> koşu
runway <> pist
runway <> uçak
runways <> pistl
rupee <> rupi
rupees <> rupi
rupture <> çatla
rupture <> bozuk
rupture <> fıtık
rupture <> ilişk
rupture <> kırıl
rupture <> kırma
rupture <> kopar
rupture <> kopma
rupture <> kopuk
rupture <> parça
rupture <> uyuşm
rupture <> yırtı
ruptured <> rüptü
ruptures <> rüptü
rupturing <> kırığ
rural <> çiftç
rural <> köy
rural <> köy 
rural <> kırsa
rurales <> Rural
ruralize <> köy 
ruralize <> köyde
ruralize <> köye
ruralize <> köylü
rurals <> belgi
ruritania <> hayal
rusa <> Rusa
rusalka <> Rusal
ruse <> üçkâğ
ruse <> dolap
ruse <> entri
ruse <> hile
rush <> çabuc
rush <> önems
rush <> üşüşm
rush <> üstün
rush <> şidde
rush <> acele
rush <> akın
rush <> asılm
rush <> atılm
rush <> düşün
rush <> fasa
rush <> hücum
rush <> hızlı
rush <> hasır
rush <> kızar
rush <> kazık
rush <> koşma
rush <> koştu
rush <> koşuş
rush <> kur
rush <> kur 
rush <> rağbe
rush <> sıçra
rush <> sıkış
rush <> sıkbo
rush <> saldı
rush <> saz
rush <> telaş
rush <> topla
rush <> yetiş
rushed <> koştu
rushen <> Rushe
rusher <> Rushe
rushes <> dalar
rushing <> acele
rushy <> Sazlı
rusk <> galet
rusk <> gevre
rusk <> peksi
rusks <> peksi
russels <> Russe
russet <> bir 
russet <> el 
russet <> kızıl
russet <> rusti
russet <> sade
russia <> Rus 
russia <> Rusya
russia <> sahti
russias <> Rusya
rust <> ekin
rust <> el 
rust <> hamla
rust <> körel
rust <> pas
rust <> pas 
rust <> pasla
rusted <> paslı
rustic <> göste
rustic <> hödük
rustic <> hoyra
rustic <> köy
rustic <> köylü
rustic <> kırsa
rustic <> kaba
rustic <> rusti
rustic <> sade
rustic <> taşra
rustic <> yontu
rustical <> Rusti
rustically <> rusti
rusticate <> basit
rusticate <> köyde
rusticate <> köye
rusticate <> okuld
rusticate <> rusti
rusticate <> sade
rusticated <> çenti
rustication <> köyde
rustication <> köylü
rustication <> uzakl
rusticity <> köylü
rusticity <> kırsa
rusticity <> kaba
rusticity <> kabal
rusticity <> yontu
rustiness <> hamla
rustiness <> hanta
rustiness <> körel
rustiness <> paslı
rustiness <> pasla
rusting <> pasla
rustle <> çaba
rustle <> çalma
rustle <> gıcır
rustle <> gayre
rustle <> hışır
rustle <> var 
rustled <> hışır
rustler <> at
rustler <> at 
rustler <> sığır
rustles <> hışır
rustless <> pasla
rustling <> enerj
rustling <> hışır
rustproof <> pas 
rustproof <> pasla
rusts <> pasla
rusty <> çatla
rusty <> el 
rusty <> eskim
rusty <> hamla
rusty <> huysu
rusty <> körel
rusty <> kınac
rusty <> kızıl
rusty <> pas 
rusty <> paslı
rusty <> pasla
rusty <> solmu
rut <> çiftl
rut <> alışı
rut <> azgın
rut <> azmak
rut <> kösnü
rut <> kızış
rut <> kızgı
rut <> tekdü
rut <> teker
rutabaga <> bir
rutabaga <> bir 
ruth <> Ruth
ruth <> acıma
ruth <> merha
ruthenium <> ruten
rutherford <> Ruthe
ruthless <> acıma
ruthless <> amans
ruthless <> insaf
ruthless <> merha
ruthlessly <> acıma
ruthlessness <> acıma
ruthlessness <> insaf
ruths <> Ruths
rutile <> rutil
ruts <> teker
rutter <> Rutte
rutting <> çiftl
rutting <> kösnü
rutting <> kızış
rutty <> çukur
rutty <> teker
rya <> RYA
ryanodine <> ryano
ryders <> Ryder
rye <> çavda
ryegrass <> çimi
ryot <> Hint
ryot <> Hintl
saan <> Saan
sabal <> Sabal
sabaton <> Sabat
sabbat <> Sabba
sabbatarian <> dini
sabbath <> Hrist
sabbath <> Yahud
sabbath <> dini
sabbath <> tatil
sabbaths <> Şabat
sabbatic <> dini
sabbatical <> dini
sabella <> Sabel
saber <> eskri
saber <> kılıç
saber <> süvar
sabers <> sabre
sabertooth <> Saber
sabes <> Sabes
sabin <> Sabin
sabines <> Sabin
sabir <> Sabir
sable <> kapal
sable <> kapka
sable <> kara
sable <> kasve
sable <> koyu
sable <> samur
sable <> siyah
sables <> karal
sables <> matem
sabot <> mermi
sabot <> sabo
sabot <> takun
sabotage <> balta
sabotage <> kunda
sabotage <> sabot
sabotaged <> sabot
sabotages <> sabot
sabotaging <> sabot
saboteur <> kunda
saboteur <> sabot
sabra <> Sabra
sabre <> eskri
sabre <> kılıç
sabre <> süvar
sabulous <> böbre
sabulous <> kumlu
sac <> dolma
sac <> kese
sacar <> Yoah
saccade <> gözün
saccadic <> sakka
saccate <> kese
saccharate <> sakar
saccharide <> sakka
saccharides <> sakka
sacchariferous <> şeker
saccharification <> Sakar
saccharify <> şeker
saccharify <> tatlı
saccharimeter <> şeker
saccharimeter <> sakar
saccharin <> sakar
saccharine <> şeker
saccharine <> sakar
saccharine <> tatlı
saccharoid <> şeker
saccharometer <> şeker
saccharometer <> sakar
saccharose <> sakar
sacciform <> kese
saccular <> sakkü
saccule <> kesec
sacerdotal <> papaz
sacerdotal <> rahip
sacerdotalism <> papaz
sachem <> kabil
sachem <> parti
sachet <> kesec
sachet <> lavan
sachet <> torba
sachets <> poşet
sack <> çuval
sack <> İspan
sack <> Kanar
sack <> bol 
sack <> işten
sack <> kesek
sack <> kovma
sack <> kovul
sack <> sepet
sack <> soyma
sack <> torba
sack <> yağma
sack <> yatak
sackbut <> harp
sackbut <> tek 
sackcloth <> çuval
sackcloth <> tövbe
sacked <> görev
sackful <> çuval
sacking <> çuval
sacking <> yağma
sackings <> işten
sacks <> çuval
sacra <> Sacra
sacral <> kutsa
sacral <> kuyru
sacral <> sakru
sacrament <> ayin
sacrament <> dini
sacrament <> dinse
sacrament <> kutsa
sacrament <> yemin
sacramental <> dini
sacramental <> dinse
sacramental <> kutsa
sacraments <> ayinl
sacre <> Sacre
sacred <> dinse
sacred <> kutsa
sacred <> mübar
sacred <> mukad
sacredness <> kutsa
sacrifical <> heba
sacrifice <> özver
sacrifice <> feda
sacrifice <> fedak
sacrifice <> kıyma
sacrifice <> kayıp
sacrifice <> kurba
sacrifice <> tanrı
sacrifice <> zarar
sacrificed <> kurba
sacrifices <> kurba
sacrificial <> kurba
sacrificing <> ödün
sacrified <> sakri
sacrifying <> feda
sacrilege <> kutsa
sacrilegious <> günah
sacrilegious <> kutsa
sacrist <> kilis
sacrist <> zango
sacristan <> kilis
sacristan <> zango
sacristy <> kilis
sacristy <> kutsa
sacrococcygeal <> sakro
sacroiliac <> sakro
sacroiliitis <> sakro
sacrosanct <> çok 
sacrosanct <> dokun
sacrosanct <> kutsa
sacrosanct <> yüce
sacrosanctity <> dokun
sacrum <> kuyru
sacrum <> sakru
sacs <> kesel
sad <> üzücü
sad <> üzünt
sad <> üzgün
sad <> acı
sad <> acıkl
sad <> acılı
sad <> adam
sad <> hüzün
sad <> hamur
sad <> hazin
sad <> iç 
sad <> iflah
sad <> kasve
sad <> koyu
sad <> mahzu
sadda <> Sadda
sadden <> üzülm
sadden <> üzmek
sadden <> hüzün
saddened <> üzünt
saddening <> üzücü
saddens <> üzüyo
sadder <> elim
saddest <> hüzün
saddle <> bisik
saddle <> eyer
saddle <> eyerl
saddle <> sırtı
saddle <> sırt
saddle <> sele
saddle <> semer
saddle <> yükle
saddle <> yatak
saddleback <> çatı
saddleback <> ortas
saddleback <> sırtı
saddlebacked <> çatı
saddlebacked <> beli
saddlebacked <> ortas
saddlebag <> heybe
saddlebag <> hurç
saddled <> palan
saddlenose <> eyer
saddler <> saraç
saddlers <> semer
saddlery <> koşum
saddlery <> saraç
saddles <> eyer
saddletree <> eyer
sades <> Sades
sadhus <> sadhu
sadis <> Sadis
sadism <> sadis
sadism <> sadiz
sadist <> sadis
sadistic <> sadis
sadistically <> sadis
sadists <> sadis
sadly <> çok
sadly <> üzünt
sadly <> acı 
sadly <> ne
sadly <> son 
sadness <> üzünt
sadness <> hüzün
sadness <> keder
sadomasochism <> Sadom
sadomasochistic <> sadom
sadr <> Sadr
sads <> SADS
safari <> safar
safaris <> safar
safe <> çelik
safe <> emin
safe <> güven
safe <> kasa
safe <> kesin
safe <> korku
safe <> muhak
safe <> sağla
safe <> tehli
safebreaker <> kasa
safecracker <> kasa
safed <> Safed
safeguard <> himay
safeguard <> korum
safeguard <> koruy
safeguarded <> güven
safeguarding <> korun
safeguards <> güven
safekeeping <> emniy
safekeeping <> korum
safekeeping <> korun
safekeeping <> sakla
safely <> güven
safely <> sağ 
safely <> tehli
safer <> daha
safes <> kasal
safest <> güven
safety <> emniy
safety <> güven
safety <> koruy
safety <> selam
saffian <> sahti
safflower <> aspir
saffron <> safra
sag <> çökün
sag <> çökme
sag <> azalm
sag <> bel 
sag <> düşme
sag <> değer
sag <> eğilm
sag <> sarkm
saga <> desta
saga <> efsan
saga <> iskan
sagacious <> akıll
sagacious <> anlay
sagacious <> isabe
sagacious <> sağgö
sagacity <> anlay
sagacity <> sağgö
sagacity <> zekâ
sagamore <> Sagam
sagan <> Sagan
sagas <> Sagas
sage <> ağırb
sage <> adaça
sage <> akıll
sage <> bilge
sagebrush <> adaça
sager <> Sager
sages <> bilge
saggar <> sağar
sagger <> Sagge
sagging <> sarkm
saggy <> sarkı
sagitta <> Sagit
sagittal <> sagit
sagittally <> sagit
sagittarians <> Sagit
sago <> Hint
sago <> sagu
sags <> sarkm
sagy <> Sagy
sahara <> Büyük
sahara <> sahar
saheb <> Saheb
sahib <> bey
sahib <> centi
saic <> SAIC
said <> adı 
said <> bahse
said <> dedi
said <> denil
saiga <> Saiga
sail <> deniz
sail <> gemi
sail <> gurur
sail <> havad
sail <> uçmak
sail <> uçurm
sail <> yüzdü
sail <> yelde
sail <> yelke
sailboards <> sörfl
sailboat <> yelke
sailboats <> yelke
sailcloth <> yelke
sailed <> yelke
sailer <> yelke
sailing <> deniz
sailing <> gemi
sailing <> yelke
sailings <> Yelke
sailmaker <> yelke
sailor <> deniz
sailor <> gemic
sailorlike <> gemic
sailorly <> gemic
sailors <> deniz
sailplane <> planö
sails <> yelke
saimir <> Saimi
sain <> Sain
sainfoin <> korun
saint <> Aziz
saint <> aziz
saint <> azizl
saint <> evliy
saint <> kutsa
sainted <> azizl
sainted <> kutsa
sainted <> merhu
sainted <> rahme
sainthood <> azizl
saintlike <> aziz
saintlike <> azizl
saintlike <> mübar
saintliness <> azizl
saintliness <> kutsa
saintly <> aziz
saintly <> azizl
saintly <> kutsa
saintly <> mübar
saintpaulia <> Saint
saints <> azizl
sair <> Sair
saith <> der
saithe <> Saith
sakai <> Sakai
sake <> hatır
saker <> Saker
sakes <> aşkın
sakia <> Şakir
sakti <> Sakti
sal <> kimya
sal <> tuz
salaam <> selam
salability <> satıl
salable <> alıcı
salable <> satıl
salacious <> şehve
salacious <> açık
salacious <> müste
salacity <> şehve
salad <> salat
salads <> salat
salal <> Salal
salamander <> ateşt
salamander <> salam
salamander <> semen
salamanders <> semen
salami <> salam
salamis <> salam
salamon <> Salam
salariat <> maaşl
salaried <> ücret
salaried <> maaşl
salaries <> maaşl
salary <> ücret
salary <> aylık
salary <> maaş
salaryman <> Salar
salchow <> Salch
sale <> Satıl
sale <> açık
sale <> indir
sale <> mezat
sale <> sürüm
sale <> satış
sale <> satım
sale <> talep
sale <> ucuzl
saleable <> alıcı
saleable <> satıl
sales <> satış
salesclerk <> satıc
salesclerk <> tezgâ
salesgirl <> Tezga
saleslady <> pazar
saleslady <> satış
saleslady <> satıc
saleslady <> tezgâ
salesman <> pazar
salesman <> satış
salesman <> satıc
salesman <> tezgâ
salesmanship <> pazar
salesmanship <> satıc
salesmen <> satıc
salespeople <> satıc
salesperson <> pazar
salesperson <> satış
salesperson <> satıc
salesperson <> tezgâ
salespersons <> satıc
salesroom <> açık
salesroom <> satış
saleswoman <> pazar
saleswoman <> satış
saleswoman <> satıc
saleswoman <> tezgâ
salic <> Frank
salic <> Salis
salicin <> salis
salicornia <> Salic
salicyclic <> salis
salicyl <> salis
salicylamide <> salis
salicylate <> salis
salicylates <> salis
salicylic <> salis
salience <> çıkın
salience <> dikka
salience <> göze
saliency <> çıkın
saliency <> dikka
saliency <> göze
salient <> çıkın
salient <> çarpı
salient <> atlay
salient <> belir
salient <> dış
salient <> dikka
salient <> fışkı
salient <> göze
salient <> istih
salient <> sıçra
saliferous <> tuz 
saliferous <> tuzlu
salination <> tuzla
saline <> maden
saline <> tuz 
saline <> tuzla
saline <> tuzlu
saline <> tuzsu
salines <> Salin
salinisation <> tuzla
salinities <> tuzlu
salinity <> tuzlu
salinization <> tuzla
saliva <> salya
saliva <> tükür
salivary <> salya
salivary <> tükür
salivate <> salya
salivate <> tükür
salivating <> salya
salivation <> salya
salivation <> tükrü
salivatory <> tükrü
salix <> Salix
sallee <> akasy
salles <> Salle
sallies <> hücum
sallow <> benzi
sallow <> bodur
sallow <> keçis
sallow <> renks
sallow <> solgu
sallow <> soluk
sallowness <> solgu
sallows <> Sallo
sally <> çıkış
sally <> dışar
sally <> dolaş
sally <> espri
sally <> gezin
sally <> nükte
salm <> Salm
salmi <> şarap
salmis <> Salam
salmon <> som 
salmon <> somon
salmonella <> salmo
salmonella <> zehir
salmonellae <> Salmo
salmonellosis <> salmo
salmonidae <> Salmo
salmons <> somon
salon <> galer
salon <> misaf
salon <> salon
salon <> sergi
salons <> salon
saloon <> bar
saloon <> lüks
saloon <> meyha
saloon <> salon
saloonkeeper <> bar 
saloonkeeper <> barcı
saloonkeeper <> barme
saloons <> salon
salpingectomy <> salpe
salpingitis <> salpe
sals <> Sals
salsify <> tekes
salsola <> Salso
salt <> birik
salt <> espri
salt <> lezze
salt <> nükte
salt <> salam
salt <> tad
salt <> tuz
salt <> tuzla
salt <> tuzlu
saltant <> sıçra
saltation <> ani 
saltation <> fırla
saltation <> hopla
saltation <> sıçra
saltation <> zıpla
saltatory <> anide
saltatory <> sıçra
salted <> salam
salted <> tuzla
salted <> tuzlu
salter <> Salte
saltern <> tuz 
saltern <> tuzla
saltine <> tuzlu
saltiness <> tuzlu
salting <> tuzla
saltires <> salti
saltless <> espri
saltless <> tatsı
saltless <> tuzsu
saltmarsh <> Saltm
saltpan <> tuz 
saltpan <> tuzla
saltpeter <> güher
saltpetre <> güher
salts <> tuzla
saltspoon <> çay 
saltspoon <> tuz 
saltwater <> tuzlu
saltworks <> tuz 
saltworks <> tuzla
salty <> açık
salty <> espri
salty <> tuzlu
salubrious <> sağlı
salubrious <> yarar
salubrity <> sağlı
salutary <> fayda
salutary <> iyi 
salutary <> sağlı
salutary <> yarar
salutation <> selam
salutations <> saygı
salutatory <> selâm
salute <> öpüşm
salute <> saygı
salute <> selâm
salute <> selam
saluted <> selam
salutes <> selam
saluting <> selam
salvable <> kurta
salvage <> değer
salvage <> enkaz
salvage <> hurda
salvage <> kurta
salvageable <> kurta
salvaged <> kurta
salvaging <> kurta
salvarsan <> freng
salvation <> günah
salvation <> kurta
salvation <> kurtu
salvation <> selam
salvationist <> Selâm
salvatory <> kurta
salve <> avunt
salve <> dindi
salve <> iyi 
salve <> kurta
salve <> merhe
salve <> rahat
salve <> tesel
salve <> yatış
salved <> KURTA
salver <> gümüş
salver <> tepsi
salvia <> ateş
salvo <> alkış
salvo <> başta
salvo <> bahan
salvo <> bomba
salvo <> kaçam
salvo <> salvo
salvo <> top 
salvo <> yaylı
salvor <> kurta
salvos <> salvo
sam <> Sam
samaj <> Samaj
saman <> Saman
samara <> akçaa
samaras <> Samar
samaritan <> şefkâ
samaritan <> Samar
samaritan <> Samir
samaritan <> merha
samaritans <> Samar
samarium <> samar
samarra <> Samar
samba <> samba
sambar <> Samba
sambo <> zenci
sambuca <> Sambu
sambucus <> Sambu
same <> aynı
same <> benze
same <> farke
same <> farks
same <> tıpkı
samed <> Samed
samel <> Samel
sameness <> aynıl
sameness <> benze
sameness <> monot
sameness <> tekdü
saming <> Samin
samite <> ipekl
samlet <> alaba
samlet <> som 
samosa <> Samos
samovar <> semav
samovars <> semav
samoyed <> Samoy
sampan <> altı
samphire <> andız
sample <> çeşit
sample <> örnek
sample <> denem
sample <> eşant
sample <> göste
sample <> model
sample <> mostr
sample <> numun
sample <> tatma
sample <> tipik
sampled <> örnek
sampler <> çeşni
sampler <> örnek
sampler <> renk
samplers <> numun
samples <> örnek
sampling <> örnek
sampling <> seçme
samplings <> örnek
samuel <> İbran
samuel <> samue
samurai <> samur
sanative <> şifal
sanative <> sağlı
sanative <> yarar
sanatorium <> revir
sanatorium <> sanat
sanatorium <> temiz
sanatoriums <> sanat
sanatory <> şifal
sanatory <> sağlı
sanatory <> yarar
sancho <> Sanch
sancta <> Sanct
sanctification <> kutsa
sanctification <> takdi
sanctified <> kutsa
sanctified <> yalan
sanctifies <> etmek
sanctify <> günah
sanctify <> kutsa
sanctify <> takdi
sanctimonious <> dinda
sanctimonious <> sahte
sanctimoniousness <> dinda
sanctimoniousness <> yalan
sanctimony <> dinda
sanctimony <> yalan
sanction <> izin
sanction <> müeyy
sanction <> müsaa
sanction <> onay
sanction <> onayl
sanction <> uygun
sanction <> yaptı
sanction <> yasal
sanctioned <> yaptı
sanctioning <> yaptı
sanctions <> yaptı
sanctities <> kutsa
sanctity <> kutsa
sanctuaries <> kutsa
sanctuary <> barın
sanctuary <> korum
sanctuary <> mabet
sanctuary <> sığın
sanctuary <> tapın
sanctum <> özel
sanctum <> kutsa
sanctums <> kutsa
sand <> cesar
sand <> kum
sand <> kum 
sand <> kumla
sand <> kumlu
sandable <> Zımpa
sandal <> çarık
sandal <> sanda
sandals <> sanda
sandalwood <> sanda
sandbag <> kum
sandbag <> kum 
sandbag <> siper
sandbagged <> kum
sandbags <> Kum
sandbank <> kumsa
sandbanks <> Sandb
sandblast <> kum 
sandblasted <> kumla
sandblasting <> kumla
sandbox <> kum
sandbox <> kum 
sandboxes <> sanal
sandcastle <> Sandc
sandcastles <> Sandc
sanded <> kumlu
sander <> zımpa
sanders <> zımpa
sandfly <> tatar
sandglass <> kum 
sanding <> zımpa
sandling <> Sandl
sandlot <> kumlu
sandman <> uyku
sandmen <> Sandm
sandpaper <> zımpa
sandpapered <> zımpa
sandpapering <> zımpa
sandpiper <> çullu
sandpit <> kumlu
sands <> dakik
sands <> kum 
sands <> kumla
sands <> zaman
sandstone <> kumta
sandstones <> kumta
sandstorm <> kum
sandstorm <> kum 
sandstorms <> kum
sandtrap <> kum 
sandwich <> arası
sandwich <> sandv
sandwiched <> sandv
sandwiches <> sandv
sandwiching <> sandv
sandy <> İskoç
sandy <> kum 
sandy <> kumlu
sandy <> sarım
sane <> akıll
sane <> aklı
sane <> akla
sane <> insaf
sane <> makul
saner <> Saner
sanga <> Sanga
sangar <> sänga
sanger <> Sange
sangfroid <> ölçül
sangfroid <> kendi
sangfroid <> soğuk
sangh <> Sangh
sangoma <> Sango
sangreal <> Sangr
sangu <> Sangu
sanguification <> kan 
sanguinary <> küfür
sanguinary <> kana
sanguinary <> kanlı
sanguinary <> zalim
sanguine <> ümitl
sanguine <> iyims
sanguine <> kan 
sanguine <> kanlı
sanguine <> umutl
sanguinely <> iyims
sanguinely <> umutl
sanguineous <> kan 
sanidine <> sanid
sanies <> cerah
sanies <> kokul
sanitarian <> sağlı
sanitarium <> sanat
sanitarium <> temiz
sanitary <> hijen
sanitary <> sıhhi
sanitary <> sağlı
sanitary <> temiz
sanitary <> umumi
sanitation <> sağlı
sanitation <> sanit
sanitation <> temiz
sanitise <> steri
sanitised <> steri
sanitiser <> steri
sanitisers <> Steri
sanitising <> sanit
sanitization <> Sanit
sanitize <> steri
sanitized <> steri
sanitizing <> sanit
sanity <> akıl
sanity <> aklı
sanity <> aklıs
sanity <> mantı
sanity <> ruh
sanity <> ruh 
sanjak <> sanca
sanjaks <> sanca
sank <> battı
sanko <> Sanko
sanny <> Sanny
sanserif <> düz 
sanserif <> süssü
santal <> Santa
santer <> Sante
santero <> Sante
santon <> dervi
santoor <> Santo
sants <> Sants
saos <> Saos
sap <> özsu
sap <> ağaçt
sap <> ahmak
sap <> altın
sap <> avana
sap <> balta
sap <> bitki
sap <> cop
sap <> cop 
sap <> duvar
sap <> hayat
sap <> lâğım
sap <> temel
sap <> usare
sapan <> Sapan
sapele <> Sapel
saphead <> ahmak
saphead <> manka
saphead <> siper
saphenous <> safen
sapid <> çekic
sapid <> güzel
sapid <> hoş
sapid <> lezze
sapid <> sevim
sapid <> tatlı
sapidity <> lezze
sapidity <> tat
sapience <> akıl
sapience <> bilmi
sapience <> ukalâ
sapience <> zekâ
sapient <> akıll
sapient <> bilmi
sapient <> sözde
sapient <> ukalâ
sapient <> zeki
sapiently <> ukalâ
sapless <> özsüz
sapless <> özsuy
sapless <> cansı
sapless <> güçsü
sapless <> kuru
sapless <> zevks
sapling <> delik
sapling <> fidan
sapling <> genç
saplings <> fidan
saponaceous <> sabun
saponifiable <> Sabun
saponification <> sabun
saponified <> sabun
saponify <> sabun
saponine <> sapon
saponins <> sapon
saponite <> sapon
sapper <> istih
sapper <> kazma
sapphic <> şair
sapphire <> camgö
sapphire <> gökya
sapphire <> safir
sapphires <> safir
sappho <> Safo
sappiness <> özlül
sappy <> özlü
sappy <> ahmak
sappy <> budal
sappy <> canlı
sappy <> kuvve
sappy <> yaş
sapropel <> Sapro
saprophyte <> çürük
saprophyte <> sapro
saprophytes <> sapro
saprophytic <> sapro
saps <> özsu
sapwood <> diri
sar <> karag
sar <> sarıg
saraband <> Sarab
sarabande <> Sarab
sarafan <> Saraf
sarasin <> Saras
saraswati <> Saras
sarcasm <> dokun
sarcasm <> gizli
sarcasm <> iğnel
sarcasm <> istih
sarcastic <> alayl
sarcastic <> iğnel
sarcastically <> alayc
sarcelles <> Sarce
sarcocystis <> Sarco
sarcoid <> sarko
sarcoidosis <> sarko
sarcoma <> eklem
sarcoma <> sarko
sarcomas <> sarko
sarcomatoid <> sarko
sarcomatous <> sarko
sarcomere <> sarko
sarcophagi <> lahit
sarcophagous <> etçil
sarcophagous <> etobu
sarcophagus <> lahit
sarcophaguses <> lahit
sarcophilus <> Sarco
sarcoplasmic <> sarko
sarcoptes <> Sarco
sarcous <> etli
sard <> bir
sard <> bir 
sardana <> Sarda
sardar <> Sarda
sardine <> ateşb
sardine <> sarda
sardines <> sarda
sardonic <> acı
sardonic <> alayl
sardonic <> hakar
sardonically <> acı 
sardonically <> alayl
sardonyx <> akik
sardonyx <> kırmı
sardonyx <> sarı
saree <> Hint
saree <> sari
sargasso <> esmer
sarge <> çavuş
sargo <> karag
sargo <> sarıg
sari <> Hint
sari <> Hintl
sari <> sari
saris <> Saris
sark <> gömle
sarky <> alayl
sarky <> iğnel
sarn <> Sarn
sarong <> Malay
saronic <> Saron
saros <> Saros
sarrasine <> SARRA
sarrazin <> Sarra
sarsaparilla <> sapar
sarsen <> büyük
sarsenet <> ipekl
sartor <> Sarto
sartorial <> terzi
sarus <> Sarus
sash <> kuşak
sash <> pence
sashes <> kanat
saskatoon <> Saska
sass <> şımar
sass <> sos
sass <> sulul
sassafras <> Sassa
sasse <> Sasse
sassing <> alay
sassy <> şımar
sassy <> arsız
sassy <> sırna
sassy <> sulu
sassy <> utanm
sat <> Cumar
sat <> oturd
satanic <> şeyta
satanical <> şeyta
satanism <> satan
satanists <> Satan
satara <> Unutu
satay <> Satay
satchel <> omuz
satchel <> omuza
satchels <> çanta
sate <> doyur
sate <> gına
sated <> doyma
sateen <> pamuk
sateen <> saten
satellite <> peyk
satellite <> uydu
satellites <> uydul
sates <> belir
sathanas <> Satha
sati <> Sati
satiate <> doymu
satiate <> doyur
satiate <> gına
satiate <> tatmi
satiate <> tok
satiated <> doymu
satiated <> tok
satiating <> doyur
satiation <> doyma
satiation <> doyur
satiety <> doymu
satiety <> doyum
satiety <> toklu
satin <> atlas
satin <> dümdü
satin <> pürüz
satin <> parla
satin <> perda
satin <> saten
satinet <> saten
satinet <> satin
satinette <> saten
satinette <> satin
satins <> saten
satiny <> pürüz
satiny <> saten
satire <> hiciv
satire <> taşla
satire <> yergi
satires <> hiciv
satiric <> taşla
satiric <> yergi
satirical <> hiciv
satirically <> satir
satirist <> hiciv
satirist <> taşla
satirists <> taşla
satirize <> hicve
satirize <> taşla
satirize <> yerme
satisfaction <> ödeme
satisfaction <> düell
satisfaction <> hoşnu
satisfaction <> kefar
satisfaction <> memnu
satisfaction <> tatmi
satisfactions <> doyum
satisfactorily <> tatmi
satisfactoriness <> tatmi
satisfactoriness <> yeter
satisfactory <> memnu
satisfactory <> tatmi
satisfactory <> yeter
satisfiable <> karşı
satisfied <> hoşnu
satisfied <> memnu
satisfied <> tatmi
satisfier <> doyur
satisfies <> tatmi
satisfy <> ödeme
satisfy <> cevap
satisfy <> doyur
satisfy <> gider
satisfy <> hoşnu
satisfy <> ikna
satisfy <> inand
satisfy <> karşı
satisfy <> memnu
satisfy <> tatmi
satisfy <> yerin
satisfying <> cevap
satisfying <> doyur
satisfying <> tatmi
satisfying <> yeter
satrap <> pers
satrap <> sömür
satraps <> satra
satrapy <> satra
satsumas <> satsu
saturable <> doyur
saturant <> doyur
saturant <> emici
saturate <> ıslat
saturate <> bomba
saturate <> doyur
saturate <> emdir
saturate <> gına
saturate <> sırıl
saturated <> canlı
saturated <> doymu
saturated <> koyu
saturates <> doyur
saturating <> doyur
saturation <> canlı
saturation <> doyma
saturation <> doyur
saturation <> koyul
saturations <> satür
saturators <> nemle
saturn <> Satür
saturn <> Zühal
saturn <> kurşu
saturn <> ziraa
saturnalia <> Satür
saturnalia <> cümbü
saturnalia <> eğlen
saturnalia <> sefah
saturnalian <> Satür
saturnalian <> aşırı
saturnalian <> eğlen
saturnine <> asık
saturnine <> kurşu
saturnine <> soğuk
saturnine <> surat
satyr <> şehve
satyr <> satir
satyr <> seks
satyrian <> Satyr
satyriasis <> aşırı
satyriasis <> sekse
satyric <> satir
satyrs <> Satyr
sauce <> çeşni
sauce <> şımar
sauce <> arsız
sauce <> işvel
sauce <> kompo
sauce <> lezze
sauce <> salça
sauce <> sos
sauce <> sos 
sauce <> sulul
sauce <> tat
sauce <> tepes
sauce <> terbi
sauceboat <> salça
sauceboat <> sosiy
sauced <> soslu
saucepan <> saplı
saucepan <> tence
saucepans <> tence
saucer <> çay 
saucer <> finca
saucerful <> Sauce
saucers <> Sauce
sauces <> sosla
saucily <> şımar
saucily <> sulu
saucily <> utanm
sauciness <> şımar
sauciness <> sırna
sauciness <> saygı
sauciness <> sulul
sauciness <> yüzsü
saucy <> şık
saucy <> şımar
saucy <> cıvık
saucy <> moday
saucy <> sırna
saucy <> sulu
saucy <> yüzsü
sauerkraut <> lâhan
sault <> Sault
sauna <> fin 
sauna <> sauna
saunas <> sauna
saunders <> Saund
saunter <> aylak
saunter <> boş 
saunter <> gezin
saur <> Saur
sauria <> kerte
saurian <> kerte
saurian <> timsa
saury <> uskum
sausage <> alman
sausage <> sosis
sausage <> sucuk
sausages <> sosis
saute <> sote
sauted <> sote
sauteed <> sote
sauteing <> Sote
sauternes <> Saute
savage <> ısırm
savage <> barba
savage <> canav
savage <> saldı
savage <> vahşi
savage <> yırtı
savage <> yaban
savage <> zalim
savaged <> vahşi
savagely <> vahşi
savageness <> barba
savageness <> gadda
savageness <> vahşe
savageness <> vahşi
savageness <> yaban
savagery <> vahşe
savagery <> vahşi
savagery <> yaban
savages <> vahşi
savanna <> büyük
savanna <> geniş
savanna <> savan
savannah <> büyük
savannah <> geniş
savannah <> savan
savannahs <> bozkı
savannas <> savan
savant <> bilgi
savant <> hakim
savants <> savan
savarin <> Savar
savart <> Savar
savate <> Savat
save <> -den
save <> artır
save <> bağış
save <> başka
save <> birik
save <> dışın
save <> engel
save <> hariç
save <> haric
save <> idare
save <> kayda
save <> kayde
save <> korum
save <> kurta
save <> kusur
save <> rakib
save <> sayı
save <> sayıy
save <> tasar
save <> tutma
saved <> kayde
saveloy <> yağsı
saveloys <> yağsı
saver <> birik
saver <> kazan
saver <> koruy
saver <> kurta
saver <> para
saver <> tasar
savers <> koruy
saves <> kayde
savine <> SAVIN
saving <> -den
saving <> başka
saving <> birik
saving <> dışın
saving <> durum
saving <> haric
saving <> kısıt
saving <> kazan
saving <> kurta
saving <> tasar
saving <> tutum
savings <> birik
savings <> tasar
savior <> kurta
saviors <> kurta
saviour <> kurta
saviours <> kurta
savor <> kokus
savor <> lezze
savor <> tadın
savor <> tad
savor <> tat
savor <> zevk
savor <> zevki
savoriness <> lezze
savoriness <> tat
savorless <> lezze
savorless <> tatsı
savors <> lezze
savory <> geyik
savory <> iştah
savory <> kokul
savory <> lezze
savory <> tadı
savory <> yemek
savour <> kokus
savour <> lezze
savour <> tadın
savour <> tad
savour <> tat
savour <> zevk
savour <> zevki
savoured <> savor
savouriness <> lezze
savouriness <> tat
savouring <> savor
savourless <> lezze
savourless <> tatsı
savours <> lezze
savoury <> geyik
savoury <> iştah
savoury <> kokul
savoury <> lezze
savoury <> tadı
savoury <> yemek
savoy <> kıvır
savoyard <> Savoy
savvy <> anlam
savvy <> anlay
savvy <> bilgi
savvy <> bilme
savvy <> kafa
savvy <> kavra
saw <> atasö
saw <> bıçkı
saw <> teste
sawah <> Sawah
sawblade <> teste
sawblades <> teste
sawbones <> cerra
sawdust <> bıçkı
sawdust <> talaş
sawdust <> teste
sawer <> Sawer
sawers <> Sawer
sawfish <> teste
sawfly <> teste
sawfly <> yapra
sawhorse <> bıçkı
sawhorse <> teste
sawing <> bıçkı
sawing <> teste
sawmill <> keres
sawmills <> hızar
sawn <> Kesil
saws <> teste
sawtooth <> teste
sawtoothed <> teste
sawtry <> Sawtr
sawyer <> bıçkı
sawyer <> doğra
sawyers <> Sawye
sax <> sakso
saxatile <> kayac
saxhorn <> üflem
saxhorn <> saksh
saxicoline <> kayac
saxicolous <> kayac
saxifrage <> taş 
saxony <> Sakso
saxony <> ince
saxophone <> sakso
saxophones <> saksa
saxophonic <> Saxop
saxophonist <> sakso
saxophonists <> sakso
say <> bildi
say <> demek
say <> etmek
say <> farze
say <> laf
say <> okuma
say <> söyle
say <> söz
say <> son 
say <> tekra
say <> varsa
sayed <> Sayed
sayer <> Sayer
sayers <> Sayer
sayid <> Sayid
saying <> özdey
saying <> özlü
saying <> atasö
saying <> söyle
saying <> söz
sayings <> sözle
sayman <> Sayma
says <> diyor
sayyid <> seyyi
sayyids <> seyyi
scab <> grev
scab <> it 
scab <> kabuk
scab <> koyun
scab <> uyuz
scab <> yara
scabbard <> kılıç
scabbard <> kın
scabbed <> kabuk
scabby <> aşağı
scabby <> kabuk
scabby <> kel
scabby <> uyuz
scabies <> uyuz
scabious <> kaşın
scabious <> uyuz
scabious <> uyuzl
scabious <> uyuzo
scabrous <> açık
scabrous <> kabuk
scabrous <> pürüz
scabrous <> pul 
scabrous <> terbi
scabs <> grev
scad <> SCAD
scaffold <> darağ
scaffold <> iskel
scaffold <> yapı
scaffolded <> Deste
scaffolding <> iskel
scaffolding <> yapı
scaffoldings <> iskel
scaffolds <> iskel
scaglia <> Scagl
scagliola <> Scagl
scala <> skala
scalability <> ölçek
scalable <> ölçek
scalable <> tırma
scalage <> çekme
scalar <> basam
scalar <> sayıl
scalar <> sayıs
scalars <> skale
scalawag <> ciğer
scalawag <> kerat
scalawag <> yaram
scald <> İskan
scald <> haşla
scald <> kayna
scald <> ozan
scald <> sıcak
scald <> yanık
scalded <> haşla
scalding <> Yanma
scaldings <> haşla
scalds <> haşla
scale <> ölçü
scale <> ölçek
scale <> ağırl
scale <> ayarl
scale <> balık
scale <> barem
scale <> basam
scale <> cetve
scale <> derec
scale <> diş 
scale <> gam
scale <> kabuk
scale <> kazıy
scale <> kazan
scale <> kefe
scale <> kefek
scale <> orant
scale <> pul
scale <> pul 
scale <> pulla
scale <> skala
scale <> tırma
scale <> tarif
scale <> tarta
scale <> tartm
scale <> teraz
scaled <> ölçek
scaled <> pul 
scaled <> pullu
scaleless <> pulsu
scalene <> eşken
scalenus <> skale
scaler <> ölçek
scales <> Teraz
scales <> teraz
scaling <> ölçek
scaling <> artma
scaling <> kefel
scaling <> pulla
scaling <> yükse
scall <> kepek
scallawag <> ciğer
scallawag <> kerat
scallawag <> yaram
scallion <> yeşil
scallions <> soğan
scallop <> deniz
scallop <> tarak
scalloped <> tarak
scallops <> tarak
scalp <> kafa
scalped <> Karab
scalpel <> cerra
scalpel <> skalp
scalpels <> neşte
scalper <> olukl
scalper <> soyuc
scalper <> yüzüc
scaly <> kabuk
scaly <> pul 
scaly <> pullu
scaly <> pulsu
scam <> aldat
scammony <> mahmu
scamp <> afaca
scamp <> hayla
scamp <> yüzün
scamp <> yarım
scamp <> yaram
scamper <> acele
scamper <> kaçma
scamper <> koşma
scamper <> tüyme
scampering <> acele
scampi <> Scamp
scams <> dolan
scan <> bakma
scan <> ekran
scan <> elekt
scan <> görün
scan <> göz 
scan <> incel
scan <> taram
scan <> vezin
scand <> Scand
scandal <> dedik
scandal <> iftir
scandal <> karal
scandal <> rezal
scandal <> rezil
scandal <> skand
scandal <> yüz 
scandalised <> skand
scandalize <> iftir
scandalize <> karal
scandalize <> mahçu
scandalize <> rezal
scandalize <> utand
scandalized <> skand
scandalmonger <> dedik
scandalmonger <> lâfeb
scandalmonger <> lafçı
scandalous <> dedik
scandalous <> iftir
scandalous <> kepaz
scandalous <> rezil
scandalously <> skand
scandals <> skand
scandia <> Scand
scandic <> Scand
scandinavia <> İskan
scandium <> skand
scanline <> Taram
scanlines <> Scanl
scanned <> Taran
scanner <> skann
scanner <> taram
scanner <> taray
scanners <> taray
scanning <> görün
scanning <> taram
scannings <> taray
scans <> tarar
scansion <> vezin
scansion <> vezni
scansores <> tırma
scansorial <> tırma
scant <> kısıt
scant <> kıt
scant <> kifay
scant <> sınır
scant <> yeter
scanties <> bayan
scanties <> külot
scantiness <> azlık
scantiness <> kısıt
scantiness <> kıtlı
scantiness <> yeter
scantling <> kalas
scantness <> azlık
scantness <> kısıt
scantness <> kıtlı
scantness <> yeter
scanty <> kısıt
scanty <> kıt
scanty <> sınır
scanty <> yeter
scapa <> Scapa
scape <> anten
scape <> bitki
scape <> duyar
scape <> sütun
scape <> sap
scape <> uzant
scapegoat <> şamar
scapegoat <> günah
scapegoated <> günah
scapegoating <> günah
scapegoats <> günah
scapegrace <> beş 
scapegrace <> hayır
scapegrace <> yaram
scapes <> Scape
scaphoid <> sanda
scaphoid <> skafo
scaphopoda <> Scaph
scapolite <> skapo
scapula <> kürek
scapula <> skapu
scapulae <> skapu
scapular <> kürek
scapular <> kısa
scapular <> omuz
scapulas <> skapu
scar <> çizik
scar <> çizme
scar <> dev 
scar <> geçmi
scar <> iz
scar <> iz 
scar <> kayal
scar <> kusur
scar <> sıyır
scar <> sıyrı
scar <> yalçı
scar <> yara
scarab <> Eski
scarab <> bokbö
scarabaeidae <> Scara
scarabs <> bokbö
scaramouch <> övüne
scaramouch <> övüng
scaramouch <> kendi
scaramouche <> Scara
scarce <> az 
scarce <> kıt
scarce <> nadir
scarce <> sınır
scarce <> seyre
scarce <> zor 
scarcely <> ancak
scarcely <> hemen
scarcely <> henüz
scarcely <> kıtı
scarcely <> nered
scarcely <> ucu 
scarceness <> kıtlı
scarceness <> nadir
scarceness <> zor 
scarcer <> kıtla
scarcities <> kıtlı
scarcity <> az 
scarcity <> azlık
scarcity <> kıtlı
scarcity <> nadir
scare <> ödü 
scare <> ödünü
scare <> ürküt
scare <> ürkme
scare <> ani 
scare <> korkm
scare <> korku
scarecrow <> üstü
scarecrow <> bosta
scarecrow <> hırpa
scarecrow <> korku
scarecrows <> korku
scared <> ödü 
scared <> ürkmü
scared <> korkm
scaredy <> Scare
scaremonger <> korku
scaremonger <> panik
scaremongering <> korku
scaremongering <> panik
scares <> korku
scarf <> şal
scarf <> atkı
scarf <> başör
scarf <> boyun
scarf <> eşarp
scarf <> ek 
scarf <> fular
scarf <> geçir
scarf <> geçme
scarf <> kaşko
scarfpin <> krava
scarfs <> yemen
scarfskin <> üst 
scarfskin <> epide
scariest <> korku
scarification <> deriy
scarification <> kazım
scarified <> Kırma
scarifier <> kazım
scarifier <> kazıy
scarify <> acıma
scarify <> canın
scarify <> deris
scarify <> deriy
scarify <> incit
scarify <> topra
scaring <> korku
scarious <> ince
scarious <> kuru
scarlatina <> kızıl
scarlet <> al
scarlet <> iffet
scarlet <> kıpkı
scarlet <> kırmı
scarlet <> namus
scarlets <> Scarl
scarp <> dikin
scarp <> uçuru
scarp <> yar
scarpa <> Scarp
scarped <> dik
scarped <> sarp
scarps <> dikli
scarred <> yara
scarred <> yaral
scarring <> yara
scarry <> Scarr
scars <> izler
scarts <> Skart
scarves <> eşarp
scary <> ürküt
scary <> ürkek
scary <> korka
scary <> korku
scat <> anlam
scat <> hemen
scat <> pist
scat <> uza
scat <> uzama
scat <> yayla
scat <> yok 
scathe <> felâk
scathe <> hasar
scathe <> incit
scathe <> yakma
scathe <> zarar
scathe <> ziyan
scatheless <> hasar
scatheless <> sağla
scatheless <> zarar
scathing <> acı
scathing <> dokun
scathing <> iğnel
scathing <> kırıc
scatological <> bok 
scatological <> gübre
scatology <> edebi
scatology <> gübre
scatter <> boşa
scatter <> dağıl
scatter <> dağıt
scatter <> periş
scatter <> saçıl
scatter <> saçıp
scatter <> saçma
scatter <> savur
scatter <> scatt
scatter <> serpm
scatter <> yayıl
scatterbrain <> serse
scatterbrained <> alık
scatterbrained <> serse
scattered <> aralı
scattered <> dağıl
scattered <> dağın
scattered <> periş
scattered <> seyre
scatterers <> dağıt
scattergood <> Scatt
scattergun <> kısa
scattering <> saçıl
scattering <> saçma
scattering <> savur
scatterings <> saçıl
scatters <> scatt
scatty <> çılgı
scatty <> alık
scatty <> kaçık
scatty <> serse
scaur <> dev 
scaur <> kayal
scavenge <> çöp 
scavenge <> çöple
scavenge <> leş 
scavenge <> sokağ
scavenge <> temiz
scavenger <> çöpçü
scavenger <> çöple
scavenger <> leş 
scavengers <> çöpçü
scavenging <> eksoz
scavenging <> süpür
scena <> Scena
scenario <> senar
scenarios <> senar
scenarist <> senar
scenarized <> senar
scene <> dekor
scene <> faali
scene <> manza
scene <> mizan
scene <> olay
scene <> rezal
scene <> sahne
sceneries <> sahne
scenery <> dekor
scenery <> manza
scenery <> sahne
scenes <> sahne
scenic <> doğa
scenic <> manza
scenic <> sahne
scenically <> manza
scenically <> sahne
scenographer <> Sahne
scenographic <> sahne
scent <> esans
scent <> güzel
scent <> iz 
scent <> koku
scent <> kokus
scent <> seziş
scent <> sezme
scented <> esans
scented <> kokul
scentless <> kokus
scents <> kokul
scepsis <> şüphe
scepsis <> kuşku
scepter <> asa
scepter <> krali
sceptered <> asalı
sceptered <> krali
sceptered <> salta
scepters <> asa
sceptic <> şüphe
sceptic <> Hrist
sceptic <> kuşku
sceptic <> septi
sceptical <> şüphe
sceptical <> inanç
sceptical <> kuşku
sceptical <> septi
sceptically <> şüphe
scepticism <> şüphe
scepticism <> kuşku
scepticism <> septi
sceptics <> şüphe
sceptre <> asa
sceptre <> krali
schade <> Schad
schalstein <> Şalşt
schanze <> Schan
schedule <> çalış
schedule <> şift
schedule <> şifte
schedule <> ek
schedule <> ilave
schedule <> liste
schedule <> progr
schedule <> tarif
schedule <> zaman
scheduled <> belir
scheduled <> tarif
schedules <> progr
scheduling <> çizel
scheelite <> şelit
schefflera <> Schef
scheherazade <> Şehra
schema <> şema
schema <> tasla
schemas <> şemal
schemata <> şemal
schematic <> şemat
schematic <> tasla
schematical <> şemat
schematically <> şemat
schematics <> şemal
schematised <> şemat
schematism <> şemat
schematize <> şema
schematize <> şemas
schematize <> şemay
schematized <> şemat
scheme <> düzen
scheme <> dolap
scheme <> entri
scheme <> kompl
scheme <> plan
scheme <> tasar
scheme <> terti
scheme <> uyum
schemer <> dolap
schemer <> entri
schemer <> kompl
schemer <> planc
schemes <> şemal
scheming <> dolap
scheming <> entri
scherzando <> oynak
scherzo <> canlı
scherzos <> şerzo
schiavone <> Schia
schiedam <> Schie
schillerisation <> Şiler
schilling <> Schil
schimmel <> Schim
schism <> bölün
schism <> parça
schismatic <> ayrıl
schismatic <> bölüc
schismatical <> ayrıl
schismatical <> bölüc
schisms <> bölün
schist <> şist
schist <> kayaç
schistose <> şistl
schistosity <> şisto
schistosoma <> şisto
schistosome <> şişto
schistosomiasis <> şisto
schists <> şist
schizo <> şizo
schizoid <> şızoi
schizoid <> şizoi
schizomycete <> bölün
schizont <> şizon
schizophrene <> şizof
schizophrenia <> şizof
schizophrenic <> şizof
schizophrenics <> şizof
schizophyte <> bölün
schizosaccharomyces <> Schiz
schlemiel <> enayi
schlemihl <> enayi
schlep <> çekme
schlep <> sürük
schlepp <> çekme
schlepp <> sürük
schlepper <> ahmak
schlepper <> enayi
schlich <> Schli
schlieren <> Schli
schloss <> Schlo
schmaltz <> aşırı
schmaltzy <> aşırı
schmalz <> Schma
schmelz <> Schme
schnaps <> Schna
schnauzer <> Schna
schnauzers <> Schna
schnecke <> Schne
schnecken <> Schne
schneiderian <> Schne
schnitzel <> şnitz
schnitzel <> dana
schnitzels <> Schni
schnorkel <> şnork
schnorkel <> hava
schnorr <> Schno
schola <> Schol
scholar <> öğren
scholar <> alim
scholar <> bilge
scholar <> bilgi
scholar <> bilim
scholar <> bursl
scholar <> eğiti
scholar <> edip
scholar <> mekte
scholar <> okumu
scholarly <> bilge
scholarly <> bilgi
scholarly <> bilim
scholars <> bilgi
scholarship <> öğren
scholarship <> bilgi
scholarship <> bilim
scholarship <> burs
scholarships <> burs
scholastic <> bilim
scholastic <> eğiti
scholastic <> okul
scholastic <> ortaç
scholastic <> skola
scholastic <> ukalâ
scholasticism <> skola
scholastics <> Schol
school <> öğret
school <> alışt
school <> balık
school <> ders
school <> eğitm
school <> ekol
school <> mekte
school <> okul
school <> okula
school <> tarz
school <> terbi
school <> yetiş
schoolbook <> ders
schoolbooks <> okul
schoolboy <> öğren
schoolboy <> erkek
schoolboys <> ilkok
schooldays <> Ortao
schooled <> Schoo
schooler <> öğren
schoolers <> okul
schoolfellow <> okul
schoolfellow <> okuld
schoolfriend <> okul
schoolgirl <> öğren
schoolgirl <> kız
schoolgirl <> kız 
schoolgirlish <> kız 
schoolgirls <> Schoo
schoolhouse <> okul
schooling <> öğret
schooling <> eğiti
schooling <> terbi
schoolings <> ekoll
schoolman <> ortaç
schoolman <> skola
schoolmarm <> öğret
schoolmarm <> bayan
schoolmarm <> sert
schoolmaster <> öğret
schoolmaster <> erkek
schoolmaster <> sert
schoolmate <> okul
schoolmate <> okuld
schoolmates <> okul
schoolmistress <> öğret
schoolmistress <> bayan
schoolroom <> dersl
schoolroom <> sınıf
schools <> okull
schoolteacher <> öğret
schoolteachers <> öğret
schoolteaching <> öğret
schoolwork <> ödev
schoolyard <> okul
schooner <> büyük
schooner <> bira
schooner <> iki 
schooner <> uskun
schooners <> Gulet
schorl <> şörl
schottische <> İskoç
schottische <> polka
schout <> Schou
schuit <> Schui
schutzstaffel <> Schut
sciatic <> kalça
sciatic <> siyat
sciatica <> siyat
science <> becer
science <> bilim
science <> fen
science <> ilim
science <> tekni
sciences <> bilim
scient <> Scien
scienter <> bile
scienter <> biler
scientific <> bilim
scientific <> ilmi
scientific <> kesin
scientific <> siste
scientifical <> bilim
scientifically <> bilim
scientism <> bilim
scientist <> bilgi
scientist <> bilim
scientistic <> bilim
scientists <> bilim
scilicet <> demek
scilicet <> yani
scilla <> Scill
scimitar <> eğri
scimitar <> pala
scimiter <> eğri
scimiter <> pala
scintigrams <> sinti
scintigraphic <> sinti
scintigraphies <> sinti
scintigraphy <> sinti
scintilla <> zerre
scintillant <> ışıld
scintillant <> kıvıl
scintillant <> parıl
scintillate <> ışıld
scintillate <> kıvıl
scintillate <> parıl
scintillation <> ışıld
scintillation <> kıvıl
scintillation <> nükte
scintillation <> parıl
scintillator <> sinti
sciolism <> şarla
sciolism <> yüzey
sciolism <> yarım
sciolist <> şarla
sciolist <> yarım
scion <> çelik
scion <> ağaç
scion <> aşılı
scion <> evlât
scions <> Scion
sciroccos <> Sciro
scirrhus <> kanse
scissile <> kesil
scissile <> yarıl
scission <> ayrıl
scission <> ihtil
scission <> kesme
scission <> yarma
scissor <> makas
scissoring <> makas
scissors <> makas
scissure <> yarık
sciurus <> Sciur
sclera <> gözak
sclera <> skler
sclerae <> skler
scleral <> skler
scleras <> skler
sclerenchyma <> skler
scleritis <> skler
scleroderma <> skler
sclerodermatous <> skler
sclerosing <> skler
sclerosis <> doku
sclerosis <> skler
sclerotic <> dokus
sclerotic <> gözak
sclerotic <> sertl
sclerotic <> skler
sclerotinia <> Scler
sclerotomies <> skler
sclerotomy <> skler
sclerous <> katı
sclerous <> sert
sclerous <> sertl
scoff <> alay
scoff <> dalga
scoff <> dudak
scoff <> küçüm
scoff <> maska
scoff <> oburc
scoff <> yemek
scoffer <> alayc
scoffs <> güler
scold <> çıkış
scold <> azarl
scold <> cadı
scold <> cadal
scold <> haşla
scold <> huysu
scold <> payla
scold <> tersl
scolded <> azarl
scolding <> azar
scolding <> azarl
scolding <> fırça
scolding <> payla
scolds <> ötürü
scole <> Scole
scoliosis <> skoly
scollop <> deniz
scollop <> tarak
scolytidae <> Scoly
scomber <> Scomb
scombridae <> Scomb
scombroid <> Scomb
sconce <> aplik
sconce <> baş
sconce <> ceza
sconce <> cezal
sconce <> duvar
sconce <> kafa
sconce <> kelle
sconce <> saksı
sconce <> sofra
sconce <> topra
sconces <> aplik
scone <> çörek
scone <> saç 
scones <> çörek
scooch <> Scooc
scoop <> çukur
scoop <> atlat
scoop <> büyük
scoop <> diğer
scoop <> haber
scoop <> hamle
scoop <> kürek
scoop <> kepçe
scoop <> para
scoop <> top
scoop <> vurgu
scoop <> vuruş
scooper <> RAY
scoops <> kepçe
scoot <> acele
scoot <> kaçma
scoot <> taban
scooter <> buz 
scooter <> mobil
scooter <> moped
scooter <> skute
scooter <> teker
scooters <> scoot
scop <> şair
scope <> alan
scope <> amaç
scope <> faali
scope <> kapsa
scope <> niyet
scope <> olana
scope <> ufuk
scoped <> kapsa
scopes <> kapsa
scoping <> kapsa
scopolamine <> skopo
scorbutic <> iskor
scorch <> ağır
scorch <> alazl
scorch <> hızlı
scorch <> kavur
scorch <> kurut
scorch <> uçmak
scorch <> yakma
scorch <> yanma
scorched <> alazl
scorched <> yakıl
scorcher <> ağır
scorcher <> aşırı
scorcher <> acı 
scorcher <> hızlı
scorcher <> yakıc
scorching <> çok 
scorching <> ağır
scorching <> kırıc
scorching <> kavur
scorching <> yakıc
scorchingly <> doğup
score <> çenti
score <> çizgi
score <> çizik
score <> çizme
score <> şansl
score <> ağır
score <> azarl
score <> başla
score <> değer
score <> durum
score <> gol 
score <> hesab
score <> hesap
score <> işare
score <> notay
score <> parti
score <> puan
score <> sayı
score <> skor
score <> yirmi
scoreboard <> sayı
scoreboards <> skorb
scorecard <> Karne
scorecards <> sayı
scored <> attı
scoreless <> berab
scorer <> golcü
scorer <> sayı
scorer <> skorc
scorers <> Krall
scores <> çok 
scores <> puanl
scoresheet <> cetve
scoria <> cüruf
scorify <> eriti
scoring <> puanl
scorings <> puanl
scorn <> aşağı
scorn <> hor 
scorn <> küçüm
scorn <> kuçük
scornful <> ağır
scornful <> aşağı
scornful <> hakar
scornful <> küçüm
scornfully <> horgö
scorpio <> Akrep
scorpion <> Akrep
scorpion <> akrep
scorpiones <> Scorp
scorpions <> akrep
scorpios <> Scorp
scorpius <> Scorp
scot <> İskoç
scot <> para
scot <> vergi
scotch <> İskoç
scotch <> bozma
scotch <> engel
scotch <> hafif
scotch <> incit
scotch <> kesik
scotch <> skoç
scotch <> takoz
scotch <> viski
scotch <> yara
scotch <> yaral
scoter <> kara
scotoma <> skoto
scotomas <> skoto
scotomata <> skoto
scotopic <> skoto
scots <> İskoç
scottie <> Scott
scoundrel <> alçak
scoundrel <> dürzü
scoundrel <> hain
scoundrel <> puşt
scoundrel <> rezil
scoundrelly <> alçak
scoundrelly <> hain
scoundrelly <> puşt
scoundrels <> alçak
scour <> acele
scour <> bol 
scour <> fırça
scour <> köşe
scour <> koşma
scour <> koşuş
scour <> ovara
scour <> ovmak
scourer <> SOYMA
scourers <> ovucu
scourge <> başın
scourge <> belâ
scourge <> cezal
scourge <> dert
scourge <> felâk
scourge <> kırba
scourge <> kamçı
scourge <> zarar
scourges <> bela
scouring <> arama
scouring <> ovala
scourings <> sarma
scouse <> Liver
scouser <> Scous
scout <> öncü
scout <> hadem
scout <> izci
scout <> keşfe
scout <> keşif
scout <> redde
scout <> tepme
scout <> yeten
scouting <> izcil
scouting <> keşfe
scoutmaster <> izci
scoutmaster <> oymak
scouts <> izci
scow <> mavna
scow <> salap
scowl <> kaş
scowl <> kaş 
scowl <> sert
scowl <> sinir
scowled <> kaşla
scowling <> çatık
scowling <> sert
scrabble <> çızık
scrabble <> acele
scrabble <> karal
scrabble <> tırma
scrag <> çok 
scrag <> asara
scrag <> boğar
scrag <> boğaz
scrag <> boyun
scrag <> kemik
scrag <> sıska
scraggy <> bir 
scraggy <> cılız
scraggy <> dik 
scraggy <> iskel
scraggy <> sıska
scram <> çek 
scram <> çekip
scram <> defol
scram <> sıvış
scramble <> çırpm
scramble <> çabal
scramble <> acele
scramble <> güçlü
scramble <> karış
scramble <> mücâd
scramble <> motok
scramble <> sürün
scramble <> tırma
scramble <> yağda
scrambled <> şifre
scramblers <> karış
scrambling <> çabal
scran <> yemek
scran <> yiyec
scrap <> çürüğ
scrap <> çatış
scrap <> ıskar
scrap <> bozun
scrap <> dökün
scrap <> dövüş
scrap <> hurda
scrap <> kırın
scrap <> kırpı
scrap <> kavga
scrap <> kupür
scrap <> paçav
scrap <> parça
scrap <> ufala
scrapbook <> gazet
scrapbook <> karal
scrapbook <> kupür
scrapbooks <> Scrap
scrape <> çıkma
scrape <> çizik
scrape <> gıcır
scrape <> gırç
scrape <> garç
scrape <> kazım
scrape <> kazıy
scrape <> sürtü
scrape <> sürtm
scrape <> sıkın
scrape <> sıyır
scrape <> sıyrı
scrape <> zor 
scraped <> kazın
scraper <> demir
scraper <> kazıy
scraper <> raspa
scraper <> sistr
scrapers <> kazıy
scrapes <> Scrap
scraping <> kazım
scrapings <> kazın
scrappage <> hurda
scrapped <> hurda
scrapper <> kavga
scrapping <> hurda
scrappy <> artık
scrappy <> bölük
scrappy <> derme
scrappy <> kavga
scraps <> artık
scraps <> hırda
scraps <> kırın
scraps <> notla
scraps <> paçav
scraps <> yağın
scrapyard <> Scrap
scratch <> çıkar
scratch <> çızık
scratch <> çekil
scratch <> çizgi
scratch <> çizik
scratch <> çizme
scratch <> acele
scratch <> avans
scratch <> başla
scratch <> cızır
scratch <> derme
scratch <> gıcır
scratch <> geliş
scratch <> kaşım
scratch <> kaşın
scratch <> karal
scratch <> kazım
scratch <> rasge
scratch <> sıyrı
scratch <> tırma
scratch <> tırna
scratchcard <> Kazı
scratchcards <> kazı
scratched <> kaşıd
scratcher <> Scrat
scratches <> çizik
scratching <> kazım
scratchproof <> çizil
scratchy <> üstün
scratchy <> cızır
scratchy <> derme
scratchy <> eğri
scratchy <> gıcır
scratchy <> geliş
scratchy <> kaşın
scratchy <> karga
scrawl <> çizik
scrawl <> acele
scrawl <> karal
scrawl <> karga
scrawled <> karal
scrawny <> cılız
scrawny <> sıska
scray <> deniz
scream <> çığlı
scream <> çok 
scream <> bağır
scream <> ferya
scream <> haykı
scream <> komik
scream <> uğuld
screamed <> çığlı
screamer <> çığlı
screamer <> çok 
screamer <> bağır
screamer <> manşe
screamer <> matra
screamers <> Screa
screaming <> çığlı
screaming <> çok 
screaming <> bağır
screaming <> cırtl
screaming <> göz 
screaming <> gülme
screams <> çığlı
scree <> dağ 
scree <> kayşa
screech <> çığlı
screech <> acı 
screech <> cırla
screech <> gıcır
screech <> keski
screech <> tiz 
screeching <> cırla
screeching <> cırtl
screed <> şap
screed <> bıktı
screed <> bitme
screed <> uzun
screeding <> Masta
screeds <> çıtal
screen <> örtme
screen <> bölme
screen <> beyaz
screen <> ekran
screen <> elek
screen <> eleme
screen <> filme
screen <> gizle
screen <> kalbu
screen <> kamuf
screen <> korum
screen <> oynat
screen <> pano
screen <> parav
screen <> perde
screen <> sakla
screen <> siper
screened <> ızgar
screened <> elenm
screened <> kalbu
screened <> korun
screener <> Scree
screeners <> scree
screening <> ayırm
screening <> bölme
screening <> taram
screenings <> göste
screenland <> film
screenland <> filmc
screenplay <> senar
screenplays <> senar
screens <> ekran
screensaver <> ekran
screensavers <> ekran
screenwriter <> senar
screenwriters <> senar
screenwriting <> senar
screw <> çevir
screw <> baskı
screw <> burma
screw <> cimri
screw <> cinse
screw <> dönme
screw <> gardi
screw <> geçir
screw <> gemi
screw <> ilişk
screw <> pinti
screw <> sikiş
screw <> sikme
screw <> tütün
screw <> uskur
screw <> vida
screw <> vidal
screw <> vidan
screw <> yaşlı
screw <> zorla
screwball <> acayi
screwball <> garip
screwball <> havay
screwball <> tuhaf
screwdriver <> torna
screwdrivers <> torna
screwed <> çakır
screwed <> berba
screwed <> eğri
screwed <> sarho
screwed <> vidal
screwed <> yivli
screwing <> vidal
screwlike <> helez
screws <> vidal
screwy <> çatla
screwy <> şüphe
screwy <> garip
screwy <> kaçık
screwy <> tuhaf
scribble <> çizik
scribble <> ditme
scribble <> eğri
scribble <> kabar
scribble <> karal
scribble <> karga
scribbled <> karal
scribbler <> ditme
scribbler <> kötü
scribbler <> karga
scribbler <> yazıs
scribbler <> yazar
scribbles <> karal
scribbling <> karal
scribbly <> karal
scribe <> çizic
scribe <> fakih
scribe <> gazet
scribe <> kâtip
scribe <> yazıc
scribe <> yazar
scribe <> yazma
scribed <> kayıt
scriber <> çizic
scribes <> din
scribing <> kazım
scrim <> ince
scrimmage <> çarpı
scrimmage <> çatış
scrimmage <> göğüs
scrimmage <> hücum
scrimmage <> itişi
scrimmage <> saldı
scrimp <> az
scrimp <> az 
scrimp <> cimri
scrimp <> eksik
scrimp <> kısma
scrimp <> yeter
scrimpy <> az
scrimpy <> cimri
scrimpy <> eksik
scrimpy <> kıt
scrimpy <> yeter
scrims <> Scrim
scrimshank <> kayta
scrimshank <> yan 
scrimshaw <> süs
scrimshaw <> süsle
scrip <> dilen
scrip <> geçic
scrip <> isim
scrip <> kese
scrip <> pusul
script <> alfab
script <> diyal
script <> el 
script <> sınav
script <> scrip
script <> senar
script <> senet
scripting <> betik
scriptions <> bagla
scriptorium <> manas
scripts <> komut
scriptural <> Kutsa
scriptural <> yazı
scripture <> Kutsa
scripture <> din 
scripture <> yazı
scripture <> yazıt
scriptures <> Kutsa
scriptwriter <> senar
scriptwriters <> senar
scriptwriting <> senar
scrivener <> arzuh
scrivener <> yazıc
scrofula <> sırac
scrofulous <> sırac
scroll <> helez
scroll <> ilerl
scroll <> keman
scroll <> liste
scroll <> parşö
scroll <> süslü
scroll <> tomar
scrollable <> kaydı
scrollbars <> Kaydı
scrolled <> kaydı
scroller <> kaydı
scrolling <> kaydı
scrolls <> veril
scrooge <> cimri
scrooge <> hasis
scroop <> Scroo
scrophulariaceae <> Scrop
scrotal <> skrot
scrotum <> erbez
scrotum <> skrot
scrotum <> testi
scrounge <> çalma
scrounge <> aşırm
scrounge <> otlak
scrounge <> yürüt
scrounger <> beleş
scrounger <> hırsı
scrounger <> otlak
scrub <> çalıl
scrub <> bodur
scrub <> cüce
scrub <> ertel
scrub <> fırça
scrub <> funda
scrub <> ikinc
scrub <> iptal
scrub <> maki
scrub <> ovala
scrub <> ovma
scrub <> ovmak
scrub <> takım
scrub <> yıkam
scrubbable <> kazın
scrubbed <> temiz
scrubber <> yıkay
scrubbers <> yıkay
scrubbing <> ovma
scrubby <> çalıl
scrubby <> önems
scrubby <> bodur
scrubby <> cüce
scrubby <> fırça
scrubby <> tıraş
scrubby <> ufak
scruff <> ense
scruffs <> Scruf
scruffy <> dökük
scruffy <> dağın
scruffy <> pis
scrum <> çarpı
scrum <> hamle
scrum <> itişi
scrum <> itip
scrum <> saldı
scrummage <> çarpı
scrummage <> hamle
scrummage <> itişi
scrummage <> itip
scrummage <> saldı
scrump <> ağaçt
scrump <> elma
scrumptious <> harik
scrumptious <> mükem
scrumptious <> nefis
scrumpy <> elma
scrunch <> çıtır
scrunch <> çatır
scrunch <> ezme
scrunch <> ezmek
scrunch <> hışır
scrunch <> kıtır
scruple <> eczac
scruple <> endiş
scruple <> tered
scruple <> vicda
scruples <> Scrup
scrupulous <> özenl
scrupulous <> adil
scrupulous <> dikka
scrupulous <> evham
scrupulous <> titiz
scrupulous <> vicda
scrupulously <> titiz
scrupulousness <> titiz
scrupulousness <> vicda
scrutinise <> dikka
scrutinise <> ince
scrutinise <> iyice
scrutinised <> incel
scrutinises <> irdel
scrutinising <> incel
scrutinize <> dikka
scrutinize <> ince
scrutinize <> iyice
scrutinized <> incel
scrutinizes <> irdel
scrutinizing <> incel
scrutiny <> dikka
scrutiny <> ince
scrutiny <> incel
scrutiny <> oylar
scuba <> oksij
scuba <> scuba
scuba <> skuba
scud <> hızla
scud <> kısa
scud <> pupa
scud <> rüzgâ
scud <> sürük
scudder <> Scudd
scudo <> Scudo
scuff <> ayakl
scuff <> sürüy
scuffing <> çizil
scuffle <> ayakl
scuffle <> boğuş
scuffle <> itiş
scuffle <> itişi
scuffle <> kavga
scuffle <> saç 
scuffled <> arbed
scull <> boyna
scull <> kürek
sculler <> boyna
scullery <> bulaş
scullion <> bulaş
sculp <> heyke
sculp <> oymak
sculp <> yontm
sculpt <> heyke
sculpt <> oymak
sculpt <> yontm
sculpted <> heyke
sculpting <> heyke
sculptor <> heyke
sculptor <> oymac
sculptors <> heyke
sculptress <> heyke
sculptural <> heyke
sculpturally <> yontu
sculpture <> heyke
sculpture <> oyma
sculpture <> oymak
sculpture <> yontm
sculptures <> heyke
sculpturing <> heyke
scum <> köpüğ
scum <> köpük
scum <> pis 
scum <> pisli
scumbag <> pisli
scumble <> çizgi
scumble <> donuk
scumbucket <> Scumb
scummy <> ayakt
scummy <> iğren
scummy <> köpük
scummy <> pis
scunner <> beğen
scunner <> hoş 
scupper <> balta
scupper <> baskı
scupper <> bozma
scupper <> deler
scupper <> freng
scupper <> katle
scupper <> su 
scupper <> taş 
scuppers <> freng
scurf <> kabuk
scurf <> kepek
scurf <> konak
scurfy <> kepek
scurfy <> konak
scurrility <> ağzı
scurrility <> küfür
scurrilous <> ağzı
scurrilous <> küfür
scurry <> acele
scurry <> hızla
scurry <> kısa
scurry <> koşma
scurry <> koştu
scurvy <> aşağı
scurvy <> iskor
scurvy <> pisli
scut <> küçük
scut <> kuyru
scutage <> şöval
scutch <> atmak
scutch <> döver
scutch <> dövme
scutch <> ditme
scutch <> pamuk
scutcheon <> arma
scutcheon <> armal
scutcheon <> isim
scutcheon <> pul
scutcheon <> sert
scutellaria <> Scute
scutellated <> sert
scutellum <> kalka
scutes <> plak
scuttle <> ambar
scuttle <> delik
scuttle <> deniz
scuttle <> kömür
scuttle <> kaçma
scuttle <> lombo
scuttle <> motor
scuttle <> sıvış
scuttle <> sepet
scuttle <> tüyme
scuttlebutt <> dedik
scuttlebutt <> manca
scuttlebutt <> söyle
scuttled <> batır
scuttles <> lumbu
scuttling <> batır
scylla <> Scyll
scythe <> biçme
scythe <> tırpa
scyther <> Scyth
scythes <> Tırpa
sea <> dalga
sea <> deniz
sea <> derya
seabank <> Seaba
seabed <> deniz
seabird <> Seabi
seabirds <> deniz
seaboard <> deniz
seaboard <> kıyı
seaboard <> kıyıy
seaboard <> sahil
seaborne <> deniz
seabound <> Seabo
seacoast <> sahil
seadrift <> Seadr
seadrome <> yüzer
seafarer <> gemi
seafarer <> gemic
seafarers <> deniz
seafaring <> deniz
seafaring <> gemi
seafaring <> gemic
seafloor <> deniz
seafood <> deniz
seafood <> su 
seafoods <> deniz
seafront <> sahil
seagirt <> deniz
seagirt <> etraf
seagoing <> açık
seagrass <> Seagr
seagull <> martı
seagulls <> martı
seah <> Seah
seahawk <> SeaHa
seahawks <> Seaha
seahorse <> deniz
seahorses <> deniz
seak <> Seak
seal <> ağzı
seal <> ayıba
seal <> belir
seal <> damga
seal <> fok
seal <> fok 
seal <> kaşe
seal <> kapam
seal <> kapat
seal <> kurşu
seal <> mühür
seal <> sır 
sealable <> yapış
sealant <> dolgu
sealants <> sızdı
sealed <> belir
sealed <> gizli
sealed <> kapal
sealed <> mühür
sealer <> fok 
sealer <> mühür
sealer <> onayl
sealer <> salma
sealers <> Avcıl
sealery <> dalya
sealery <> fok 
sealine <> deniz
sealines <> Deniz
sealing <> kapam
sealing <> kapat
sealing <> mühür
sealing <> tıkam
sealings <> sızdı
seals <> mühür
sealskin <> ayıba
sealskin <> fok
sealskin <> fok 
seam <> armuz
seam <> bağla
seam <> dikiş
seam <> dikme
seam <> faça
seam <> faças
seam <> kırış
seam <> maden
seam <> tırmı
seam <> ters
seam <> yara
seam <> yatak
seaman <> deniz
seaman <> gemic
seamanlike <> deniz
seamanlike <> gemic
seamanship <> deniz
seamanship <> gemic
seamen <> deniz
seaming <> dikiş
seamless <> dikiş
seamlessly <> sorun
seamlessness <> kesin
seamount <> Deniz
seamounts <> deniz
seams <> dikiş
seamstress <> kadın
seamstress <> terzi
seamy <> çirki
seamy <> dikiş
seamy <> façal
seamy <> faças
seamy <> kötü
seance <> oturu
seance <> ruh 
seance <> seans
seance <> topla
seances <> seans
seapiece <> deniz
seaplane <> deniz
seaplane <> su 
seaplanes <> deniz
seaport <> iskel
seaport <> liman
seaports <> Liman
seaquake <> deniz
seaquarium <> Seaqu
sear <> alazl
sear <> dağla
sear <> emniy
sear <> katıl
sear <> kavur
sear <> koter
sear <> kurum
sear <> kurut
sear <> sarar
sear <> yakma
search <> üstün
search <> araşt
search <> arama
search <> gedik
search <> incel
search <> sonda
search <> yokla
searchable <> arana
searched <> arama
searcher <> araşt
searcher <> arama
searcher <> arayı
searcher <> araya
searcher <> sonda
searchers <> arama
searches <> arama
searching <> araşt
searching <> arama
searching <> inced
searching <> keski
searching <> sıkı
searchlight <> ışıld
searchlight <> proje
searchlights <> proje
seared <> katıl
seared <> kurum
seared <> kurut
searing <> Seari
seas <> deniz
seascape <> deniz
seascapes <> deniz
seashell <> deniz
seashells <> deniz
seashore <> deniz
seashore <> sahil
seashores <> kıyıl
seasick <> deniz
seasickness <> deniz
seaside <> deniz
seaside <> sahil
seasiders <> Seasi
seasides <> kıyı
season <> sezon
seasonable <> mevsi
seasonable <> tam 
seasonable <> uygun
seasonable <> zaman
seasonably <> mevsi
seasonably <> tam 
seasonably <> zaman
seasonal <> mevsi
seasonal <> sezon
seasonalities <> dönem
seasonality <> mevsi
seasonally <> mevsi
seasoned <> çeşni
seasoned <> bahar
seasoned <> görmü
seasoned <> kurut
seasoned <> olgun
seasoned <> savaş
seasoned <> terbi
seasoning <> çeşni
seasoning <> bahar
seasoning <> sos
seasoning <> terbi
seasonings <> çeşni
seasonly <> , sez
seasons <> mevsi
seastar <> Seast
seat <> almak
seat <> kıçın
seat <> koltu
seat <> mevki
seat <> otura
seat <> oturm
seat <> oturt
seat <> oturu
seat <> panto
seat <> sanda
seat <> yer
seat <> yerin
seat <> yerle
seat <> yuva
seatbelt <> emniy
seatbelts <> emniy
seated <> kişil
seated <> otura
seated <> oturm
seater <> kişil
seaters <> kişil
seating <> otura
seating <> oturm
seating <> oturt
seating <> yatak
seatless <> koltu
seatless <> otura
seats <> koltu
seawall <> deniz
seawall <> set
seawalls <> kıyı
seaward <> deniz
seawards <> deniz
seawater <> deniz
seaway <> deniz
seaway <> derin
seaway <> gemin
seaways <> Seawa
seaweed <> deniz
seaweed <> suyos
seaweed <> yosun
seaweeds <> yosun
seaworthiness <> Deniz
seaworthy <> deniz
sebaceous <> sebas
sebaceous <> yağ 
sebaceous <> yağlı
sebaceum <> sebas
sebat <> Sebat
seborrhea <> sebor
seborrheic <> sebor
seborrhoea <> sebor
seborrhoeic <> sebor
sec <> buruk
sec <> dry
sec <> saniy
sec <> sek
secant <> daire
secant <> kesen
secant <> sekan
secateur <> makas
secateurs <> bahçe
secateurs <> budam
secco <> Secco
secede <> çıkma
secede <> çekil
secede <> ayrıl
seceded <> ayrıl
seceder <> ayrıl
seceder <> dinin
seceding <> dağıl
secession <> ayrıl
secession <> bölün
secession <> uzakl
secessionism <> ayrıl
secessionist <> ayrıl
secessionists <> ayrıl
secessions <> dersl
seck <> Seck
seclude <> ayırm
seclude <> eve 
seclude <> görüş
seclude <> kimse
secluded <> gözle
secluded <> gizli
secluded <> inziv
secluded <> kapal
secluded <> kimse
secluded <> münze
secluded <> mahre
seclusion <> gözle
seclusion <> inziv
seclusion <> toplu
seclusions <> izola
second <> öbür
second <> an
second <> boksö
second <> düell
second <> deste
second <> görev
second <> ikinc
second <> nota
second <> saniy
second <> yardı
secondarily <> ikinc
secondary <> önems
secondary <> ara
secondary <> ikinc
secondary <> orta
secondary <> sekon
secondary <> tâli
secondary <> uydu
seconder <> deste
secondhand <> başka
secondhand <> dolay
secondhand <> elden
secondhand <> eski
secondhand <> ikinc
secondhand <> kelep
secondhand <> kulla
secondly <> ikinc
secondment <> özel
secondment <> geçic
seconds <> ikinc
seconds <> saniy
seconds <> tapon
secrecy <> esrar
secrecy <> gizli
secrecy <> sır 
secret <> bilin
secret <> esrar
secret <> giz
secret <> gizem
secret <> gizli
secret <> mahre
secret <> sır
secret <> saklı
secretagogue <> salgı
secretagogues <> salgı
secretaire <> yazı
secretarial <> sekre
secretariat <> müdür
secretariat <> sekre
secretariate <> müdür
secretariats <> sekre
secretaries <> sekre
secretary <> bakan
secretary <> kâtip
secretary <> sekre
secretary <> yazı
secretary <> yazma
secretaryship <> bakan
secretaryship <> sekre
secretaryship <> yazma
secretase <> sekre
secrete <> gizle
secrete <> sakla
secrete <> salgı
secreted <> salgı
secretes <> salgı
secretin <> sekre
secreting <> salgı
secretion <> gizle
secretion <> sır 
secretion <> sakla
secretion <> salgı
secretions <> sekre
secretive <> ağzı
secretive <> bilin
secretive <> gizem
secretive <> gizli
secretive <> kapal
secretive <> ketum
secretive <> sır 
secretiveness <> ağzı
secretiveness <> gizem
secretiveness <> sır 
secretly <> el 
secretly <> gizli
secretory <> salgı
secrets <> esrar
secrets <> sırla
secs <> saniy
sect <> cemaa
sect <> hizip
sect <> mezhe
sect <> tarik
sectarian <> bağna
sectarian <> hizip
sectarian <> mezhe
sectarian <> tarik
sectarian <> tutuc
sectarianism <> tarik
sectarians <> sekte
section <> alt 
section <> bölüm
section <> bölge
section <> bölme
section <> kısım
section <> kesim
section <> kesit
section <> kesme
section <> kompa
section <> manga
sectional <> ayrıl
sectional <> bölüm
sectional <> bölge
sectional <> birka
sectional <> kombi
sectional <> parça
sectionalism <> bölge
sectionally <> kesit
sectioned <> kesit
sectioning <> kesit
sections <> bölüm
sector <> ölçüm
sector <> bölge
sector <> daire
sector <> dilim
sector <> işkol
sector <> sektö
sectoral <> Sektö
sectored <> sektö
sectorial <> sektö
sectors <> sektö
sects <> Mezhe
secular <> dünya
secular <> dünye
secular <> dinse
secular <> eskid
secular <> laik
secular <> sürek
secular <> sivil
secular <> yüzyı
secularisation <> sekül
secularism <> dünya
secularism <> laikl
secularist <> laik
secularist <> laikl
secularists <> laikl
secularity <> dünye
secularity <> din 
secularity <> laikl
secularization <> dini
secularization <> laikl
secularize <> laikl
secularized <> sekül
secundine <> örtü
secundine <> döleş
secundine <> meşim
secundine <> son
secundum <> sekun
securable <> güven
secure <> elde
secure <> emin
secure <> güven
secure <> korum
secure <> sıkıc
secure <> sağla
secure <> sigor
secure <> temin
secured <> depoz
secured <> güven
secured <> sağla
secured <> sigor
secured <> temin
securely <> güven
securement <> Koruy
securer <> Secur
secures <> korur
securing <> güven
securities <> menku
securities <> senet
securities <> tahvi
securitisation <> sekür
securitised <> menku
securitising <> menku
securitization <> sekür
securitize <> menku
securitized <> menku
security <> depoz
security <> emniy
security <> güven
security <> ipote
security <> kefal
security <> rehin
security <> selam
security <> temin
sedan <> binek
sedan <> sedan
sedan <> sedye
sedan <> tahtı
sedans <> salon
sedate <> ağırb
sedate <> aklı
sedate <> ciddi
sedate <> otura
sedate <> sakin
sedate <> uslu
sedate <> yatış
sedated <> sedas
sedateness <> ağırb
sedateness <> aklı
sedateness <> ciddi
sedateness <> uslul
sedating <> sedat
sedation <> sakin
sedation <> sedas
sedation <> yatış
sedative <> müsek
sedative <> sakin
sedative <> yatış
sedatives <> Sedat
sedentary <> hep 
sedentary <> otura
sedentary <> oturm
sedentary <> yerle
seder <> Seder
sedes <> Sedes
sedge <> hasır
sedge <> kamış
sedge <> saz
sedge <> sazlı
sediment <> çökel
sediment <> posa
sediment <> telve
sediment <> tortu
sedimentary <> tortu
sedimentation <> çökel
sedimentation <> sedim
sedimentation <> tortu
sedimentations <> sedim
sedimentologic <> sedim
sedimentological <> sedim
sedimentologists <> tortu
sedimentology <> sedim
sediments <> çökel
sedition <> ayakl
sedition <> isyan
sedition <> kışkı
sedition <> tahri
seditious <> asi
seditious <> ayakl
seditious <> kışkı
seditious <> tahri
seduce <> ayart
seduce <> başta
seduce <> iğfal
seduce <> kanın
seduce <> tahri
seduced <> başta
seducements <> Başta
seducer <> ayart
seducer <> başta
seducer <> iğfal
seduction <> çekic
seduction <> ayart
seduction <> başta
seduction <> cazib
seduction <> iğfal
seductions <> Seduc
seductive <> çekic
seductive <> şuh
seductive <> ayart
seductive <> başta
seductive <> tahri
seductively <> başta
sedulity <> çalış
sedulity <> gayre
sedulity <> hamar
sedulous <> çalış
sedulous <> dayan
sedulous <> gayre
sedulous <> hamar
sedulous <> sebat
sedum <> Sedum
see <> anlam
see <> bakın
see <> bakma
see <> farke
see <> görüş
see <> görüp
see <> görme
see <> göz 
see <> papal
see <> pisko
see <> seyre
see <> sezme
see <> uğurl
see <> yolcu
seed <> çekir
seed <> çocuk
seed <> döl
seed <> istir
seed <> meni
seed <> sınıf
seed <> sperm
seed <> tane
seed <> tohum
seedbed <> fidel
seedbed <> ocak
seedbed <> yuva
seedbox <> SeedB
seedcake <> susam
seeded <> numar
seeder <> çekir
seeder <> mibze
seeder <> tohum
seeders <> ekme
seediness <> hırpa
seediness <> kılık
seediness <> keyif
seediness <> rahat
seeding <> tohum
seedings <> turla
seedless <> çekir
seedless <> tohum
seedling <> fide
seedlings <> fidan
seeds <> Tohum
seeds <> köken
seeds <> kayna
seeds <> neden
seedsman <> tohum
seedy <> çekir
seedy <> hırpa
seedy <> hasta
seedy <> kılık
seedy <> keyif
seedy <> periş
seedy <> rahat
seedy <> tohum
seeing <> dolay
seeing <> görme
seeing <> için
seeing <> madem
seeing <> yüzün
seek <> çıkar
seek <> öğren
seek <> araşt
seek <> arama
seek <> aranm
seek <> istem
seek <> kazan
seek <> peşin
seek <> uğraş
seeked <> aradı
seeker <> arayı
seeker <> araya
seeker <> sonda
seekers <> araya
seeking <> araya
seeks <> istiy
seel <> Seel
seels <> Seels
seely <> Seely
seem <> benze
seem <> görün
seem <> gibi
seemed <> görün
seemeth <> yasa
seeming <> görün
seeming <> gibi
seemingly <> görün
seemless <> Seeml
seemliness <> uygun
seemliness <> yakış
seemly <> uygun
seemly <> yakış
seems <> görün
seen <> görül
seep <> süzül
seep <> sızma
seepage <> sızın
seepages <> sızın
seeping <> sızan
seeps <> sızın
seer <> falcı
seer <> gören
seer <> kâhin
seer <> peyga
seersucker <> gofre
seersucker <> kıvır
sees <> görür
seesaw <> gidip
seesaw <> iniş
seesaw <> inişl
seesaw <> inip
seesaw <> kâh ö
seesaw <> karar
seesaw <> salla
seesaw <> tahte
seesaw <> tered
seest <> görür
seeth <> görüy
seethe <> dolup
seethe <> haşla
seethe <> köpür
seethe <> kayna
seethe <> kudur
seether <> Seeth
seething <> kayna
segar <> Segar
segment <> bölüm
segment <> bölüt
segment <> bölme
segment <> daire
segment <> dilim
segment <> parça
segmentary <> segme
segmentation <> bölün
segmentation <> hücre
segmentation <> parça
segmentation <> segma
segmentation <> segme
segmentations <> Sharp
segmented <> dilim
segmented <> halka
segmented <> parça
segmenting <> segme
segments <> segme
segni <> Segni
segos <> SEGOS
segregate <> ırkçı
segregate <> ayırm
segregate <> ayrı
segregate <> ayrıl
segregate <> ayrım
segregate <> tecri
segregated <> ayrıl
segregates <> ayıra
segregation <> ırkçı
segregation <> ırk 
segregation <> ayırm
segregation <> ayrıl
segregation <> ayrım
segregationist <> ırkçı
segregationist <> ayıra
segregationist <> ayrım
segregations <> segre
segregative <> ayırm
segs <> SEGS
segue <> Segue
seicento <> Seice
seid <> Seid
seidel <> Seide
seidlitz <> Seidl
seif <> Seif
seigneur <> bey
seigneur <> dereb
seigneur <> efend
seigneur <> senyö
seignior <> bey
seignior <> dereb
seignior <> efend
seignior <> senyö
seigniorage <> sikke
seigniorage <> tuğra
seigniorial <> dereb
seigniory <> beyli
seigniory <> dereb
seil <> Seil
seine <> Sen 
seine <> büyük
seine <> iğrip
seir <> Seir
seise <> el 
seise <> hacze
seiser <> Seise
seisin <> el 
seisin <> kendi
seisin <> mülk
seisin <> temel
seismic <> depre
seismic <> sismi
seismically <> sismi
seismicity <> depre
seismogram <> sismo
seismograms <> sismo
seismograph <> depre
seismograph <> sismo
seismography <> depre
seismography <> sismo
seismologic <> sismo
seismological <> sismo
seismologist <> depre
seismologist <> sismo
seismologists <> sismo
seismology <> depre
seismology <> sismo
seismometer <> depre
seismometer <> sismo
seismoscope <> depre
seismoscope <> sismo
seizable <> alına
seizable <> el 
seizable <> ele 
seizable <> yakal
seize <> almak
seize <> anlam
seize <> benim
seize <> el 
seize <> ele
seize <> ele 
seize <> ganim
seize <> gaspe
seize <> havad
seize <> kaçır
seize <> kabul
seize <> kapma
seize <> kavra
seize <> takıl
seize <> tutma
seize <> tutuk
seize <> yakal
seize <> yapış
seize <> zapte
seized <> ele
seizer <> Seize
seizes <> el
seizin <> el 
seizin <> kendi
seizin <> mülk
seizin <> temel
seizing <> kavra
seizing <> tutuk
seizings <> bağla
seizure <> el
seizure <> el 
seizure <> ele 
seizure <> felç
seizure <> gasp
seizure <> haciz
seizure <> inme
seizure <> tutma
seizure <> yakal
seizure <> zapt
seizures <> nöbet
selah <> Selah
selamlik <> selam
selden <> Selde
seldom <> arada
seldom <> nadir
seldom <> seyre
seldomly <> seyre
sele <> Sele
select <> ayıkl
select <> ayırm
select <> güzid
select <> iyi 
select <> kalbu
select <> seçil
select <> seçin
select <> seçki
select <> seçme
select <> zevkl
selectability <> Seçil
selectable <> seçil
selected <> Seçil
selected <> seçil
selected <> seçki
selectee <> asker
selecting <> ayıkl
selecting <> seçen
selecting <> seçic
selecting <> seçme
selection <> doğal
selection <> seçen
selection <> seçim
selection <> seçme
selection <> selek
selectional <> seçme
selections <> seçim
selective <> ayıra
selective <> seçic
selective <> seçme
selective <> selek
selectively <> seçic
selectivities <> seçic
selectivity <> seçic
selectivity <> selek
selectivity <> yayın
selectman <> beled
selector <> ayırı
selector <> seçic
selector <> selek
selectors <> seçic
selects <> seçer
selegiline <> selej
selenic <> selen
selenide <> selen
selenite <> selen
selenites <> selen
selenitic <> selen
selenium <> selen
selenography <> ay 
selenology <> ay 
seles <> Seles
self <> çıkar
self <> öz
self <> özel
self <> şahsi
self <> aynı
self <> benci
self <> düz 
self <> karak
self <> kendi
self <> kişi
self <> kişil
self <> kişis
selfdefense <> Güçle
selfed <> kendi
selfhood <> kişi
selfish <> benci
selfish <> egois
selfish <> kendi
selfishly <> benci
selfishness <> benci
selfishness <> egois
selfless <> özgec
selfless <> özver
selfless <> kendi
selfrespect <> saygı
selfsame <> aynı
selfsame <> tıpkı
selkie <> Selki
sell <> aldat
sell <> beğen
sell <> dalav
sell <> dolap
sell <> ele 
sell <> hayal
sell <> hile
sell <> kazık
sell <> satış
sell <> satıl
sell <> satma
sell <> sattı
sellable <> satıl
sellae <> sella
selled <> satil
seller <> bayi
seller <> satıc
sellers <> Satıc
selling <> satış
selling <> satıc
sellout <> elden
sellout <> ele 
sellout <> ihane
sellout <> kapal
sells <> satıy
seltzer <> maden
selva <> Selva
selvage <> kumaş
selvedge <> kenar
selvedges <> kenar
selves <> canla
semantic <> anlam
semantical <> anlam
semantically <> seman
semanticists <> anlam
semantics <> anlam
semantics <> seman
semantron <> Seman
semaphore <> bayra
semaphore <> işare
semaphore <> semaf
semaphores <> semaf
semblance <> şekil
semblance <> biçim
semblance <> dış 
semblance <> görün
semeiology <> hasta
semeiology <> semiy
semele <> Semel
semen <> döl
semen <> meni
semen <> sperm
semes <> Semes
semester <> dönem
semester <> sömes
semester <> yarıy
semesters <> yarıy
semi <> yarı
semiannual <> altı
semiarid <> yarık
semiautomatic <> yarı
semiautomatically <> yarı
semiautonomous <> yarı
semibreve <> dörtl
semibreve <> tam 
semichorus <> KORO
semicircle <> yarım
semicircular <> yarım
semiclassical <> yarık
semicolon <> nokta
semicolons <> nokta
semiconducting <> yarıi
semiconductive <> yarı
semiconductivity <> yarıi
semiconductor <> yarıi
semiconductors <> yarıi
semiconscious <> bir 
semiconscious <> yarı
semidetached <> bir 
semifinal <> yarı
semifinalist <> yarı
semifinals <> yarı
semifinished <> yarı
semifluid <> yarı
semigloss <> yarıp
semiliquid <> yarı
semilogarithmic <> Yarı
semimatte <> yarı
semimetal <> yarı
semimonthly <> ayda
semimonthly <> onbeş
semina <> Semin
seminal <> üreme
seminal <> sperm
seminal <> tohum
seminal <> yeni
seminar <> semin
seminaries <> semin
seminars <> semin
seminary <> Semin
seminary <> ilahi
seminary <> kız 
seminary <> yatak
semination <> üreme
semination <> ekme
semination <> tohum
seminiferous <> semin
seminoma <> semin
seminomas <> semin
semiofficial <> yarı
semiologic <> Semio
semiological <> semiy
semiology <> hasta
semiology <> semiy
semiotic <> Göste
semiotical <> Göste
semiotics <> hasta
semiotics <> semiy
semipermeable <> yarı
semiprecious <> yarı
semipro <> yarı-
semiprofessional <> semi
semiquantitative <> semik
semiquantitatively <> semik
semiquaver <> on 
semirigid <> yarı
semiskilled <> yarı
semisteel <> yarı
semistructured <> yarı
semisynthetic <> semis
semitone <> yarım
semitrailer <> romör
semitrailers <> romör
semitransparent <> Yarı
semitropical <> tropi
semiweekly <> hafta
semolina <> irmik
semper <> sempr
sempiternal <> ebedi
sempiternal <> sonsu
semple <> Sempl
sempstress <> dikiş
sempstress <> kadın
sempstress <> terzi
senary <> altış
senary <> altıl
senate <> senat
senates <> senat
senator <> senat
senatorial <> senat
senators <> senat
send <> atmak
send <> coştu
send <> etmek
send <> fırla
send <> gönde
send <> sevke
send <> sokma
send <> yayın
send <> yolla
sender <> gönde
senders <> gönde
sending <> gönde
sending <> sevk
sendings <> gönde
sendoff <> başla
sendoff <> start
sendoff <> teşvi
sendoff <> uğurl
sendoff <> yolcu
sends <> gönde
seneca <> Senec
senescence <> ihtiy
senescence <> yaşlı
senescent <> ihtiy
senescent <> yaşla
senge <> Senge
senhora <> Senho
senile <> bunak
senile <> halsi
senile <> ihtiy
senile <> yaşlı
senilis <> Senil
senility <> bunak
senility <> derma
senility <> güçsü
senility <> ihtiy
senility <> yaşlı
senior <> üst
senior <> büyük
senior <> baba
senior <> daha
senior <> kıdem
senior <> son 
senior <> yaşça
senior <> yaşlı
seniority <> üstlü
seniority <> eskil
seniority <> kıdem
seniority <> yaşça
seniors <> yaşlı
senna <> sinam
sennet <> boru
sennight <> hafta
senonian <> Senon
senor <> senyo
senora <> Señor
senorita <> Senor
sensa <> Sensa
sensate <> duyul
sensate <> duyus
sensate <> hisse
sensation <> algı
sensation <> algıl
sensation <> duygu
sensation <> duyu
sensation <> duyum
sensation <> heyec
sensation <> his
sensation <> hisse
sensation <> merak
sensation <> sansa
sensational <> duygu
sensational <> duyum
sensational <> heyec
sensational <> hissi
sensational <> sansa
sensationalised <> sensa
sensationalism <> duyum
sensationalism <> heyec
sensationalism <> sansa
sensationalist <> sansa
sensationalistic <> sansa
sensationalize <> sansa
sensations <> duyum
sense <> algı
sense <> algıl
sense <> amaç
sense <> anlam
sense <> bilin
sense <> düşün
sense <> duyar
sense <> duygu
sense <> duyu
sense <> eğili
sense <> farkı
sense <> his
sense <> hisse
sense <> kanı
sense <> manâ
sense <> niyet
sense <> sağdu
sense <> sezme
sense <> us
sense <> yön
sensed <> hisse
senseless <> şuurs
senseless <> anlam
senseless <> baygı
senseless <> bilin
senseless <> duyar
senseless <> duygu
senseless <> hissi
senseless <> kendi
senseless <> mantı
senseless <> saçma
senselessly <> anlam
senses <> akıl
senses <> duyul
senses <> us
senses <> zekâ
sensibilities <> duyar
sensibility <> önsez
sensibility <> alıng
sensibility <> anlay
sensibility <> duyar
sensibility <> duygu
sensibility <> hassa
sensibility <> içlil
sensible <> akıll
sensible <> duyar
sensible <> farkı
sensible <> halde
sensible <> hassa
sensible <> hisse
sensible <> makul
sensible <> mantı
sensibly <> makul
sensing <> algıl
sensitisation <> sensi
sensitise <> duyar
sensitise <> hassa
sensitised <> sensi
sensitiser <> hassa
sensitisers <> sensi
sensitising <> Duyar
sensitive <> alıng
sensitive <> duyar
sensitive <> duygu
sensitive <> hassa
sensitive <> içli
sensitively <> hassa
sensitiveness <> alıng
sensitiveness <> duyar
sensitiveness <> hassa
sensitivities <> duyar
sensitivity <> alıng
sensitivity <> duyar
sensitivity <> hassa
sensitization <> sensi
sensitizations <> sensi
sensitize <> duyar
sensitize <> hassa
sensitized <> sensi
sensitizer <> duyar
sensitizers <> sensi
sensitizes <> duyar
sensitizing <> Duyar
sensitometer <> sensi
sensive <> Sensi
sensor <> algıl
sensor <> dedek
sensor <> senso
sensoria <> Senso
sensorial <> algıs
sensorial <> duyul
sensorial <> duyum
sensorial <> duyus
sensorineural <> senso
sensorium <> algı
sensorium <> beyin
sensorium <> duyu
sensors <> sensö
sensory <> algıs
sensory <> duyul
sensory <> duyum
sensory <> duyus
sensual <> şehve
sensual <> beden
sensual <> duygu
sensual <> hissi
sensual <> nefsi
sensual <> tense
sensual <> zevk
sensualist <> şehve
sensualist <> duyum
sensualist <> zekin
sensuality <> şehve
sensuality <> beden
sensuality <> duygu
sensuality <> nefsi
sensualize <> şehva
sensuous <> duygu
sensuous <> duyum
sensuous <> hissi
sensuousness <> duygu
sent <> gönde
sente <> Sente
sented <> tanıt
sentence <> özdey
sentence <> cümle
sentence <> ceza
sentence <> hüküm
sentence <> karar
sentence <> mahke
sentence <> mahku
sentence <> söz
sentence <> tümce
sentence <> veciz
sentence <> yargı
sentenced <> hüküm
sentenced <> mahku
sentences <> cümle
sentencing <> ceza
sententious <> öğüt
sententious <> özlü
sententious <> kısa
sententious <> veciz
sentience <> bilin
sentience <> duyar
sentience <> duygu
sentience <> sezgi
sentience <> sezi
sentient <> önsez
sentient <> duyar
sentient <> duygu
sentient <> hisli
sentiment <> duyar
sentiment <> duygu
sentiment <> hassa
sentiment <> his
sentimental <> duygu
sentimental <> hissi
sentimental <> içli
sentimentalism <> duygu
sentimentality <> aşırı
sentimentality <> duyar
sentimentalize <> aşırı
sentimentalize <> duygu
sentimentally <> duygu
sentiments <> düşün
sentiments <> duygu
sentiments <> fikir
sentiments <> görüş
sentiments <> kanı
sentinel <> başla
sentinel <> bitiş
sentinel <> koruy
sentinel <> nöbet
sentinels <> Gözcü
sentries <> nöbet
sentry <> nöbet
sents <> yonu
sepal <> çanak
sepal <> sepal
separability <> ayrıl
separable <> ayrıl
separate <> çıkma
separate <> ayırm
separate <> ayırt
separate <> ayrış
separate <> ayrı
separate <> ayrık
separate <> ayrıl
separate <> bölme
separate <> birey
separate <> dağıl
separate <> ferdi
separate <> kayma
separate <> kopma
separate <> müsta
separate <> tek 
separated <> ayrık
separated <> ayrıl
separately <> ayrı
separately <> tek 
separateness <> ayrıl
separates <> ayıra
separating <> ayıra
separation <> aralı
separation <> ayırm
separation <> ayrış
separation <> ayrı
separation <> ayrıl
separation <> bölün
separation <> boşlu
separation <> müsta
separations <> ayrım
separatism <> özerk
separatism <> ayrıl
separatist <> ayrıl
separatist <> hizip
separatist <> kilis
separatists <> ayrıl
separator <> ayırı
separator <> kayma
separator <> separ
separators <> ayırı
sepia <> kahve
sepia <> mürek
sepia <> sepya
sepia <> siyah
sepic <> Sepiç
sepiolite <> sepiy
sepiolites <> sepiy
seps <> SEPS
sepsis <> kan 
sepsis <> sepsi
sepsis <> septi
sept <> Eylül
septangle <> yedi
septate <> septa
septation <> septa
septations <> septa
september <> Eylül
septemia <> kan 
septemia <> septi
septennial <> yedi
septet <> yedi
septet <> yedil
septette <> yedi
septette <> yedil
septic <> çürüt
septic <> mikro
septic <> septi
septicaemia <> kan 
septicaemia <> septi
septicaemias <> sepsi
septicemia <> kan 
septicemia <> septi
septuagenarian <> yetmi
septum <> bölüm
septum <> bölme
septum <> septu
septuple <> yedi
septuple <> yedil
septuple <> yedin
septuplet <> yedi
septuplet <> yedil
septuplet <> yediz
septuplets <> yediz
sepulcher <> gömüt
sepulcher <> kabir
sepulcher <> mezar
sepulcher <> türbe
sepulchers <> anıtl
sepulchral <> mezar
sepulchre <> gömüt
sepulchre <> kabir
sepulchre <> mezar
sepulchre <> türbe
sepulture <> defin
sepulture <> gömme
sequel <> devam
sequel <> netic
sequel <> sonra
sequel <> sonuç
sequela <> sekel
sequelae <> sekel
sequelas <> sekel
sequence <> art 
sequence <> bölüm
sequence <> dizi
sequence <> gidiş
sequence <> mantı
sequence <> sıra
sequence <> sekan
sequence <> seri
sequence <> silsi
sequence <> yinel
sequenced <> sıral
sequencers <> seque
sequences <> dizil
sequencies <> sahne
sequencing <> sıral
sequent <> art 
sequent <> izley
sequent <> sıral
sequent <> sonuc
sequential <> ardış
sequential <> seri
sequential <> sonra
sequentially <> sıray
sequester <> ayırm
sequester <> ayrı
sequester <> el 
sequester <> hacze
sequester <> tecri
sequestered <> dünya
sequestered <> münze
sequestered <> tek 
sequestering <> iyon
sequestrate <> el 
sequestrate <> hacze
sequestrate <> kamul
sequestrate <> yedi
sequestrated <> hacze
sequestration <> ayırm
sequestration <> ayrı
sequestration <> ayrıl
sequestration <> haciz
sequestration <> inziv
sequestration <> kamul
sequestrations <> sekes
sequestrum <> nekro
sequin <> Vened
sequin <> altın
sequin <> payet
sequin <> pul
sequined <> payet
sequins <> payet
sequoia <> sekoy
sequoias <> SEQUO
sera <> serum
serac <> buz
serac <> buz 
seraglio <> harem
seraglio <> saray
seraglio <> sulta
serai <> kerva
seral <> Seral
serang <> Seran
seraph <> en
seraph <> en 
seraphic <> melek
seraphin <> Serap
seraphine <> Serap
seraphs <> melek
serapis <> Serap
sere <> kurum
sere <> sarar
serein <> Serei
serenade <> seran
serenade <> seren
serenaded <> seren
serenader <> seran
serenades <> Seren
serenading <> seren
serenata <> Seren
serene <> açık
serene <> berra
serene <> durgu
serene <> huzur
serene <> rahat
serene <> sakin
serene <> yüce
serenely <> sakin
serenity <> berra
serenity <> dingi
serenity <> durgu
serenity <> huzur
serenity <> sükun
serer <> Serer
seres <> Seres
serf <> dereb
serf <> köle
serf <> ortaç
serf <> serf
serfage <> kölel
serfage <> serfl
serfdom <> kölel
serfdom <> serfl
serfed <> SERFE
serfs <> kölel
serge <> şayak
serge <> serj
sergeant <> çavuş
sergeant <> Londr
sergeant <> astsu
sergeant <> komis
sergeants <> çavuş
serial <> art 
serial <> birbi
serial <> dizi
serial <> sıral
serial <> seri
serialisation <> seril
serialised <> tefri
serialization <> seril
serialize <> dizi
serialize <> seri
serialized <> tefri
serializing <> Seril
serially <> dizi
serially <> seri
serials <> dizi
seriate <> seri
seriatim <> sıral
seriatim <> sıras
seriatim <> seri
sericeous <> ince
sericeous <> ipekl
sericeous <> ipeks
sericin <> seris
sericite <> seris
sericitic <> seris
sericitization <> seris
sericulture <> ipekç
sericulture <> ipekb
sericulturist <> ipek
sericulturist <> ipekb
series <> dizi
series <> grup
series <> sıra
series <> seri
series <> seris
series <> silsi
serif <> harfi
serif <> serif
serigraph <> serig
serigraphic <> serig
serin <> ispin
serin <> kanar
serine <> serin
serious <> öneml
serious <> şakay
serious <> ağır
serious <> ağırb
serious <> ciddi
seriously <> ağır
seriously <> cidde
seriously <> ciddi
seriousness <> ağırb
seriousness <> ciddi
seriousness <> vakar
serjeant <> Londr
serjeant <> saray
sermon <> öğüt
sermon <> söyle
sermon <> vaaz
sermon <> vaiz
sermonize <> nasih
sermonize <> söyle
sermonize <> vaaz
sermons <> vaazl
seroconversion <> serok
seroconversions <> serok
seroconverted <> serok
serologic <> serol
serological <> serol
serologically <> serol
serologies <> serol
serology <> serol
serology <> serum
seronegative <> seron
seronegativity <> seron
seropositive <> serop
seropositivities <> serop
seropositivity <> serop
serosa <> seroz
serosal <> seroz
serotonergic <> serot
serotoninergic <> Serot
serotype <> serot
serotyped <> serot
serotypes <> serot
serotyping <> serot
serous <> seröz
serous <> serum
serpens <> Serpe
serpent <> hain
serpent <> kıvrı
serpent <> yılan
serpentes <> Serpe
serpentine <> Hyde
serpentine <> düzen
serpentine <> dolam
serpentine <> hileb
serpentine <> kıvrı
serpentine <> kurna
serpentine <> serpe
serpentine <> yılan
serpentined <> serpa
serpentines <> serpa
serpentinised <> serpa
serpentinite <> serpa
serpentinites <> serpa
serpentinization <> serpa
serpentinized <> serpa
serpents <> yılan
serpiginous <> Serpi
serrate <> diş 
serrate <> tırtı
serrate <> teste
serrated <> dış 
serrated <> tırtı
serrated <> teste
serration <> diş 
serration <> tırtı
serrations <> çenti
serried <> sıkış
serried <> sıkı
serried <> sıral
serrulate <> teste
serry <> Serry
sers <> SERS
serum <> kanın
serum <> serum
serums <> serum
serval <> yaban
servant <> hadem
servant <> hizme
servant <> kul
servant <> memur
servant <> uşak
servanthood <> kullu
servants <> görev
serve <> çalış
serve <> çekti
serve <> el 
serve <> görev
serve <> hapis
serve <> hizme
serve <> işine
serve <> kötü
serve <> kullu
serve <> müşte
serve <> olana
serve <> servi
serve <> verme
serve <> yaram
serve <> yarar
serve <> yerin
serve <> yetme
served <> hizme
server <> Sunuc
server <> hizme
server <> rahip
server <> servi
server <> tepsi
servers <> sunuc
servery <> tüm 
serves <> hizme
servian <> Servi
servicable <> müdah
service <> çiftl
service <> üvez
service <> asker
service <> ayin
service <> bakım
service <> bildi
service <> deste
service <> dini
service <> dinse
service <> faali
service <> fayda
service <> görev
service <> hizme
service <> işlem
service <> ibade
service <> kullu
service <> müşte
service <> memur
service <> servi
service <> tamir
service <> tebli
service <> uşakl
service <> yardı
serviceability <> servi
serviceable <> dayan
serviceable <> fayda
serviceable <> iş 
serviceable <> işe 
serviceable <> kulla
serviceable <> onarı
serviceable <> uzun
serviced <> hizme
serviceman <> araba
serviceman <> asker
serviceman <> servi
serviceman <> tamir
servicemen <> asker
servicer <> servi
servicers <> hizme
services <> çay 
services <> aletl
services <> araç
services <> hizme
services <> servi
servicing <> hizme
serviette <> peçet
serviettes <> peçet
servile <> köle
servile <> yalta
servility <> gurur
servility <> kölel
servility <> yalta
serving <> porsi
serving <> servi
serving <> tabak
servings <> porsi
servitor <> bursl
servitor <> hizme
servitor <> maiye
servitor <> uşak
servitude <> ağır
servitude <> bağım
servitude <> esare
servitude <> irtif
servitude <> kölel
servitude <> kullu
servomechanism <> servo
servomechanisms <> servo
servomotors <> servo
servos <> servo
sesame <> susam
sesames <> susam
sesamoid <> boğum
sesamoid <> susam
sesquialter <> bir 
sesquialteral <> bir 
sesquicentennial <> yüz 
sesquipedalian <> biçim
sesquipedalian <> bilgi
sesquipedalian <> bir 
sesquipedalian <> hanta
sesquipedalian <> ukalâ
sesquiterpene <> seski
sesquiterpenes <> sesqu
sessa <> Sessa
sessile <> sapsı
sessile <> uzant
session <> akade
session <> celse
session <> dönem
session <> devre
session <> kongr
session <> oturu
session <> sömes
session <> topla
sessional <> celse
sessional <> oturu
sessional <> yıllı
sessions <> seans
sestet <> altı
sestet <> altıl
set <> çizme
set <> üzeri
set <> şekil
set <> alışı
set <> alıcı
set <> avın
set <> ayarl
set <> aziml
set <> basma
set <> batış
set <> batma
set <> belir
set <> düzen
set <> değiş
set <> dediğ
set <> dikme
set <> dizi
set <> dizme
set <> durum
set <> eğili
set <> ekmek
set <> esmek
set <> fidan
set <> fide
set <> gelen
set <> gelme
set <> gidiş
set <> grup
set <> hal
set <> hazır
set <> içten
set <> inatç
set <> kakma
set <> karar
set <> kasıl
set <> katıl
set <> kesil
set <> koyma
set <> kuluç
set <> kurma
set <> kurul
set <> meyve
set <> olgun
set <> oturm
set <> oturt
set <> pıhtı
set <> pekiş
set <> riske
set <> süsle
set <> sabit
set <> sahne
set <> saldı
set <> seri
set <> set
set <> takım
set <> takma
set <> tehli
set <> toplu
set <> vaziy
set <> yapma
set <> yaptı
set <> yazma
set <> yemek
set <> yerle
set <> yuva
set <> zümre
setaceous <> domuz
setaceous <> sert
setae <> kıl
setal <> Setal
setas <> setal
setback <> aksil
setback <> başar
setback <> gerid
setback <> geril
setback <> içeri
setback <> kötül
setbacks <> aksil
setdown <> azalt
setdown <> hiçe
setdown <> indir
setdown <> küçüm
setoff <> denge
setoff <> karşı
setoff <> kontr
setoff <> süs
setoff <> tezat
setoff <> verec
setoffs <> mahsu
seton <> fitil
setout <> şataf
setout <> başla
setout <> eğlen
setout <> harek
setout <> parti
setout <> süs
setout <> yola
setpoint <> set
setpoints <> isten
sets <> setle
setscrew <> ayar
setscrew <> emniy
setscrews <> ayar
sett <> ayarl
sett <> kaldı
settable <> ayarl
settee <> şezlo
settee <> kanep
settees <> kanep
setter <> av 
setter <> dizgi
setter <> ihbar
setter <> makin
setter <> muhbi
setter <> sette
setters <> belir
setting <> çerçe
setting <> ayarı
setting <> batış
setting <> beste
setting <> bilem
setting <> bir 
setting <> düzen
setting <> dekor
setting <> dizme
setting <> hikây
setting <> olay
setting <> sahne
setting <> sertl
setting <> set
setting <> teste
settings <> ayarl
settle <> çökel
settle <> çökme
settle <> ödeme
settle <> ömür
settle <> adapt
settle <> anlaş
settle <> ayak
settle <> bağla
settle <> bank
settle <> bastı
settle <> belir
settle <> berra
settle <> dibe
settle <> durul
settle <> hafif
settle <> karar
settle <> konma
settle <> oturm
settle <> süzme
settle <> sıra
settle <> tünem
settle <> tahta
settle <> uyum
settle <> yatış
settle <> yerin
settle <> yerle
settle <> yetin
settleability <> çökme
settled <> ödenm
settled <> düzen
settled <> değiş
settled <> devam
settled <> durgu
settled <> karar
settled <> oturm
settled <> sürek
settled <> sabit
settled <> yerle
settledness <> yerle
settlement <> çözüm
settlement <> ödeşm
settlement <> ödeme
settlement <> anlaş
settlement <> bağla
settlement <> barış
settlement <> ev
settlement <> evlil
settlement <> halle
settlement <> hesap
settlement <> iskân
settlement <> köy
settlement <> kolon
settlement <> nafak
settlement <> sosya
settlement <> tasfi
settlement <> uzlaş
settlement <> yatış
settlement <> yerle
settlements <> yerle
settler <> göçme
settler <> son 
settler <> sustu
settler <> yeni
settlers <> yerle
settles <> yerle
settling <> ödeşm
settling <> durul
settling <> hesap
settling <> iskân
settling <> yerle
settlings <> çökel
settlings <> posa
settlings <> tortu
settlor <> mülkü
setup <> Kurul
setups <> kurul
seven <> yedi
seven <> yedil
sevenfold <> yedi
sevens <> yedil
seventeen <> on
seventeen <> on 
seventeens <> Seven
seventeenth <> on
seventeenth <> on 
seventh <> yedid
seventh <> yedin
seventhly <> yedin
seventies <> Yetmi
seventieth <> yetmi
seventy <> yetmi
sever <> ayırm
sever <> ayrıl
sever <> bölme
sever <> kesme
sever <> kopma
sever <> payla
sever <> yarma
severability <> bölün
severable <> bölün
several <> bir 
several <> birbi
several <> birka
several <> değiş
several <> farkl
severally <> ayrı
severally <> birer
severally <> teker
severance <> işten
severe <> şidde
severe <> ağır
severe <> acı
severe <> haşin
severe <> keski
severe <> sade
severe <> sert
severe <> yalın
severed <> kopmu
severely <> şidde
severely <> ağır
severely <> ciddi
severely <> sert
severest <> şidde
severing <> Sever
severities <> şidde
severity <> şidde
severity <> ağırl
severity <> ciddi
severity <> sadel
severity <> sertl
severs <> sunuc
sew <> dikiş
sew <> dikme
sewable <> Dikiş
sewage <> kanal
sewage <> lağım
sewed <> dikil
sewer <> dikiş
sewer <> lağım
sewerage <> kanal
sewerage <> lağım
sewers <> Kanal
sewin <> bir 
sewing <> dikiş
sewing <> dikil
sewing <> dikme
sewings <> dikiş
sewn <> dikil
sex <> cins
sex <> cinse
sex <> cinsi
sex <> seks
sexagenarian <> altmı
sexagenary <> altmı
sexagesimal <> altmı
sexangular <> altı
sexcentenary <> altı
sexed <> farkl
sexennial <> altı
sexes <> cinsi
sexier <> seksi
sexiest <> seksi
sexiness <> çekic
sexiness <> cinse
sexiness <> seksi
sexism <> cinsi
sexist <> cinsi
sexless <> çekic
sexless <> cinsi
sexless <> eşeys
sexless <> seksi
sexologist <> sekso
sexology <> sekso
sexpert <> Sexpe
sexpot <> seks
sextain <> sekiz
sextans <> Altıl
sextant <> daire
sextant <> sekst
sextet <> altıl
sextette <> altı
sexto <> Sexto
sexton <> kilis
sexton <> mezar
sexton <> zango
sextuple <> altı
sextuple <> altıl
sextuple <> altıy
sextuple <> altız
sextuplets <> altız
sexual <> cinse
sexual <> eşeyl
sexual <> seksü
sexualised <> cinse
sexualities <> cinse
sexuality <> cinse
sexuality <> cinsi
sexuality <> seksi
sexualize <> seksi
sexualized <> cinse
sexually <> cinse
sexy <> çekic
sexy <> cinse
sexy <> seksi
seychelles <> Seyşe
sh <> şışt
sh <> hişt
sh <> sh
sh <> sus
shab <> Şaban
shabbiness <> eskil
shabby <> cimri
shabby <> eli 
shabby <> eski
shabby <> hırpa
shabby <> kılık
shabby <> pejmü
shabby <> sefil
shabby <> yırtı
shabrack <> çapra
shabrack <> haşa
shack <> barak
shack <> kulüb
shackle <> elini
shackle <> engel
shackle <> köste
shackle <> kelep
shackle <> palam
shackle <> zinci
shackled <> zinci
shackler <> Shack
shackles <> engel
shackles <> prang
shackles <> zinci
shacks <> kulüb
shad <> tirsi
shaddock <> greyf
shade <> örtme
shade <> ışıkt
shade <> şapka
shade <> az 
shade <> dönüş
shade <> değiş
shade <> gölge
shade <> güneş
shade <> hayal
shade <> ince
shade <> indir
shade <> kolay
shade <> korum
shade <> nüans
shade <> panju
shade <> renk
shade <> ruh
shade <> silue
shade <> stor
shade <> ton
shaded <> gölge
shadeless <> gölge
shaders <> shade
shades <> andır
shades <> gölge
shades <> hatır
shades <> hava
shades <> hayal
shades <> iz
shadiness <> şüphe
shadiness <> gölge
shading <> gölge
shading <> nüans
shading <> ton 
shadings <> gölge
shadow <> belli
shadow <> can 
shadow <> gölge
shadow <> hüzün
shadow <> hayal
shadow <> iz
shadow <> izlem
shadow <> karan
shadow <> karar
shadow <> kayır
shadow <> keder
shadow <> korum
shadow <> peşin
shadow <> rahat
shadow <> silue
shadow <> tasav
shadow <> zerre
shadowbox <> Shado
shadowcast <> Shado
shadowed <> gölge
shadowing <> gölge
shadowland <> Shado
shadowlands <> gölge
shadowless <> açık
shadowless <> belli
shadowless <> gölge
shadows <> gölge
shadowy <> şüphe
shadowy <> belir
shadowy <> belli
shadowy <> gölge
shadowy <> hayal
shadowy <> karan
shadowy <> loş
shady <> şüphe
shady <> gölge
shady <> kötü
shady <> karan
shady <> loş
shady <> namus
shaft <> ışın
shaft <> şaft
shaft <> aks
shaft <> araba
shaft <> baca
shaft <> bayra
shaft <> dingi
shaft <> gönde
shaft <> hava
shaft <> kuyu
shaft <> mızra
shaft <> mil
shaft <> ok 
shaft <> sütun
shaft <> sap
shafting <> şaft
shaftless <> safts
shafts <> mille
shag <> cinse
shag <> ince
shag <> kaba
shag <> seviş
shag <> tepel
shagginess <> pürüz
shaggy <> çok 
shaggy <> kaba
shaggy <> kabar
shaggy <> pürüz
shaggy <> taran
shaggy <> yontu
shagreen <> köpek
shagreen <> keler
shagreen <> sağrı
shagreen <> sahti
shags <> üreti
shah <> şah
shahin <> Shahi
shaikh <> şeyhi
shaikha <> Shaik
shail <> Shail
shake <> çırpm
shake <> çalka
shake <> çatla
shake <> üzmek
shake <> atlat
shake <> depre
shake <> milk
shake <> salla
shake <> sarsı
shake <> sarsm
shake <> sesi
shake <> silke
shake <> silkm
shake <> titre
shake <> yakas
shake <> yarık
shaked <> çalka
shakedown <> üstün
shakedown <> şanta
shakedown <> denem
shakedown <> harac
shakedown <> para
shakedown <> yer 
shaken <> çalka
shaken <> çatla
shaken <> etkil
shaken <> kötü
shaken <> sarsı
shaker <> Ameri
shaker <> biber
shaker <> kokte
shaker <> shake
shaker <> tuzlu
shakers <> Shake
shakes <> sallı
shakeup <> Yara
shakily <> titre
shakiness <> güçsü
shakiness <> sakat
shakiness <> sarsa
shakiness <> titre
shaking <> salla
shaking <> sarsı
shaking <> sarsm
shaking <> sende
shaking <> titre
shako <> sorgu
shakuhachi <> Shaku
shaky <> çatla
shaky <> şüphe
shaky <> güçsü
shaky <> sağlı
shaky <> salla
shaky <> sarsı
shaky <> sarsa
shaky <> titre
shaky <> zayıf
shale <> şist
shale <> killi
shales <> şeyl
shall <> -acak
shall <> -ecek
shall <> -malı
shall <> -meli
shall <> eder
shallop <> şalop
shallop <> gambo
shallop <> küçük
shallot <> soğan
shallots <> arpac
shallow <> üstün
shallow <> düzle
shallow <> derin
shallow <> sığ
shallow <> sığ 
shallow <> sığla
shallow <> yüzey
shallower <> sığ
shallowest <> sığ
shallowing <> sığla
shallowly <> basık
shallowness <> sığlı
shallowness <> yüzey
shallows <> sığlı
shalwar <> şalva
shalwars <> şalva
shaly <> şeyll
sham <> dolan
sham <> hile
sham <> numar
sham <> sahte
sham <> takli
sham <> yalan
sham <> yapar
sham <> yapma
sham <> yastı
shama <> Shama
shaman <> şaman
shamanic <> şaman
shamanism <> şaman
shamanist <> şaman
shamanistic <> Şaman
shamans <> Şaman
shamateur <> amatö
shamateur <> sahte
shamba <> Şamba
shamble <> ayakl
shamble <> badi
shamble <> payta
shambles <> hengâ
shambles <> karma
shambles <> kasap
shambles <> mezba
shambles <> rezal
shambles <> savaş
shambles <> yıkın
shame <> ayıp
shame <> leke
shame <> mahçu
shame <> namus
shame <> tecâv
shame <> utanç
shame <> utanı
shame <> utand
shame <> utanm
shame <> yüz 
shame <> yazık
shamefaced <> mahçu
shamefaced <> utanç
shamefaced <> utang
shamefaced <> utanm
shameful <> ayıp
shameful <> kepaz
shameful <> rezil
shameful <> utanç
shameful <> utand
shameful <> yüz 
shamefully <> utanç
shameless <> arsız
shameless <> edeps
shameless <> terbi
shameless <> utanm
shameless <> yüzsü
shamelessly <> utanm
shamelessness <> arsız
shamelessness <> edeps
shamelessness <> utanm
shamelessness <> yüzsü
shamen <> şaman
shames <> utand
shaming <> Shami
shammer <> düzen
shammer <> iki 
shammer <> numar
shammer <> riyak
shammer <> sahte
shammer <> yapma
shammy <> güder
shammy <> süet
shampoo <> şampu
shampoo <> köpük
shampooed <> şampu
shampooer <> Yıkam
shampooing <> şampu
shampoos <> şampu
shamrock <> yonca
shams <> Shams
shamus <> özel
shamus <> aynas
shanachie <> Shana
shand <> ShanD
shandy <> zence
shanghai <> afyon
shanghai <> kandı
shanghai <> sarho
shanghai <> shang
shank <> bacak
shank <> baldı
shank <> gövde
shank <> incik
shank <> sap
shankbone <> Shank
shanked <> saplı
shanker <> Shank
shanks <> Shank
shans <> Shans
shanties <> gecek
shantung <> şantu
shanty <> barak
shanty <> gecek
shanty <> gemic
shanty <> heyam
shanty <> kulüb
shantytown <> gecek
shantytowns <> gecek
shape <> şekil
shape <> biçim
shape <> düzen
shape <> düzgü
shape <> dış 
shape <> durum
shape <> endam
shape <> form
shape <> geliş
shape <> kalıb
shape <> kalıp
shape <> maske
shape <> model
shape <> ortay
shape <> yönle
shaped <> şekli
shaped <> biçim
shapeless <> çirki
shapeless <> şekil
shapeless <> biçim
shapeless <> göze
shapely <> şekil
shapely <> biçim
shapely <> düzgü
shapely <> güzel
shapely <> yakış
shaper <> şekil
shaper <> eğele
shaper <> freze
shaper <> plany
shaper <> varge
shapers <> şekil
shapes <> şekil
shapeshifters <> Shape
shaping <> şekil
sharable <> payla
shard <> çömle
shard <> böcek
shards <> parça
share <> bölüş
share <> hisse
share <> iştir
share <> kâr p
share <> katıl
share <> ortak
share <> pay
share <> payla
share <> saban
share <> serma
shareable <> payla
sharecropper <> ortak
sharecropper <> topra
sharecroppers <> ortak
shared <> Payla
shareholder <> hisse
shareholder <> ortak
shareholder <> pay 
shareholders <> hisse
shareholding <> hisse
shareholdings <> hisse
shareowner <> hisse
sharer <> payla
sharers <> payla
shares <> hisse
sharia <> şeria
shariat <> şeria
sharif <> şerif
sharifs <> şerif
sharing <> iştir
sharing <> payla
sharings <> payla
shark <> bedav
shark <> dolan
shark <> işini
shark <> köpek
shark <> otlak
shark <> usta
sharking <> Shark
sharks <> köpek
sharky <> Shark
sharp <> çabuk
sharp <> üçkâğ
sharp <> şık
sharp <> şidde
sharp <> açıkg
sharp <> ağır
sharp <> anide
sharp <> bariz
sharp <> birde
sharp <> coşku
sharp <> dakik
sharp <> dikka
sharp <> diyez
sharp <> dolan
sharp <> ekşi
sharp <> eli 
sharp <> göze
sharp <> hile
sharp <> hilel
sharp <> ince
sharp <> kaba
sharp <> kesic
sharp <> keski
sharp <> kibar
sharp <> kurna
sharp <> net
sharp <> oyund
sharp <> sek
sharp <> seri
sharp <> sertç
sharp <> sert
sharp <> sivri
sharp <> tam
sharp <> tez 
sharp <> tiz
sharp <> tizle
sharp <> uyanı
sharp <> yarım
sharp <> zarif
sharp <> zeki
sharpen <> açmak
sharpen <> bilem
sharpen <> incel
sharpen <> keski
sharpen <> sertl
sharpen <> sivri
sharpen <> teşvi
sharpened <> bilen
sharpener <> bileğ
sharpener <> kalem
sharpening <> bilem
sharpens <> keski
sharper <> üçkâğ
sharper <> dalav
sharper <> hileb
sharper <> keski
sharpest <> keski
sharpies <> Sharp
sharping <> Bilem
sharply <> keski
sharpness <> şidde
sharpness <> açıkg
sharpness <> akıll
sharpness <> keski
sharpness <> netli
sharpness <> sertl
sharpness <> zekil
sharps <> ince
sharpshooter <> keski
sharpshooters <> keski
shash <> Shash
shastra <> Shast
shat <> Shat
shatter <> bozma
shatter <> harap
shatter <> kırıl
shatter <> kırma
shatter <> parça
shatter <> yıkma
shatter <> yok 
shatter <> zarar
shattered <> param
shattering <> bozuc
shattering <> tahri
shattering <> yıkıc
shatterproof <> dağıl
shatterproof <> kırıl
shatters <> param
shaul <> Shaul
shave <> aldat
shave <> kırpm
shave <> kesme
shave <> maran
shave <> rende
shave <> sıyır
shave <> soyma
shave <> tıraş
shave <> yüzme
shave <> yalan
shaved <> traş
shaveling <> başın
shaveling <> keşiş
shaveling <> papaz
shaven <> başın
shaven <> kazın
shaven <> tıraş
shaver <> berbe
shaver <> erkek
shaver <> tıraş
shavers <> traş
shaves <> tıraş
shaving <> tıraş
shavings <> kırpı
shavings <> rende
shavings <> talaş
shawl <> şal
shawl <> atkı
shawl <> başör
shawl <> eşarp
shawls <> şalla
shawm <> obuay
shaya <> Shaya
shays <> Shays
she <> kadın
she <> o
sheaf <> demet
sheaf <> deste
sheaf <> tomar
shear <> biçil
shear <> kırkm
shear <> kırpm
shear <> kesil
shear <> kesme
shear <> mahru
shear <> makas
shear <> soyma
shear <> yoksu
sheard <> Shear
shearer <> koyun
shearer <> orakç
shearer <> tırpa
shearing <> biçme
shearing <> kırkm
shearing <> kırpm
shearing <> kesme
shearing <> makas
shearling <> ilk 
shearman <> Shear
shears <> büyük
shears <> kırkm
shears <> makas
shears <> metal
shearwater <> yelko
sheath <> dar 
sheath <> elitr
sheath <> kılıf
sheath <> kın
sheath <> kapla
sheath <> kaput
sheath <> preze
sheath <> zarf
sheathe <> gizle
sheathe <> kılıf
sheathe <> kının
sheathe <> kabın
sheathe <> kapla
sheathed <> kılıf
sheather <> Sheat
sheathing <> kapla
sheathing <> zırh
sheaths <> kılıf
sheave <> çıkrı
sheave <> bobin
sheave <> demet
sheave <> makar
sheave <> olukl
sheaves <> çıkrı
sheaves <> bobin
sheaves <> demet
sheaves <> tomar
shebang <> bar
shebang <> dükkâ
shebang <> işyer
shebang <> konu
shebang <> mağaz
shebang <> mesel
shebang <> meyha
shebeen <> bar
shebeen <> meyha
shed <> çıkar
shed <> ışık
shed <> ahır
shed <> akıtm
shed <> barak
shed <> dökme
shed <> değiş
shed <> hanga
shed <> kulüb
shed <> odunl
shed <> sıyrı
shed <> sızdı
shed <> sundu
shed <> yayma
shedding <> dökül
sheds <> tutuy
sheen <> pırıl
sheen <> parla
sheen <> perda
sheeny <> Yahud
sheeny <> pırıl
sheeny <> parla
sheep <> ezik
sheep <> koyun
sheep <> süklü
sheepdog <> çoban
sheepfarm <> koyun
sheepfarmer <> koyun
sheepfarmer <> mandı
sheepish <> şaşkı
sheepish <> ezik
sheepish <> koyun
sheepish <> süklü
sheepish <> sıkıl
sheepish <> serse
sheepman <> çoban
sheepman <> koyun
sheeps <> koyun
sheepshanks <> Sheep
sheepshearing <> koyun
sheepskin <> belge
sheepskin <> diplo
sheepskin <> koyun
sheepskin <> pöste
sheepskin <> parşö
sheepskins <> koyun
sheepwalk <> koyun
sheepwalk <> otlak
sheer <> şeffa
sheer <> büsbü
sheer <> bütün
sheer <> düped
sheer <> dik
sheer <> dikey
sheer <> dimdi
sheer <> doğru
sheer <> katış
sheer <> rotad
sheer <> sırf
sheer <> sapma
sheer <> tam
sheer <> tamam
sheer <> trans
sheer <> yolun
sheerness <> Sheer
sheers <> makas
sheet <> çarşa
sheet <> örtme
sheet <> gazet
sheet <> iskot
sheet <> kapla
sheet <> katma
sheet <> levha
sheet <> saç 
sheet <> sarma
sheet <> tabak
sheet <> yapra
sheeted <> levha
sheeter <> tabak
sheetfed <> tabak
sheeting <> çarşa
sheeting <> kapla
sheeting <> saç 
sheeting <> zırh
sheets <> yapra
sheik <> şeyh
sheik <> rüyad
sheikh <> şeyh
sheikh <> rüyad
sheikha <> Sheik
sheikhs <> Şeyhl
sheiks <> şeyhl
sheilas <> Sheil
sheitan <> Sheit
shekel <> şekel
shekel <> miska
shekels <> para
shekels <> serve
sheldrake <> al 
shelduck <> Angıt
shelf <> kaya
shelf <> perva
shelf <> raf
shelf <> sığlı
shelfs <> rafla
shell <> bomba
shell <> dış 
shell <> deniz
shell <> fişek
shell <> havai
shell <> kabuğ
shell <> kabuk
shell <> kaplu
shell <> kovan
shell <> sıvas
shell <> top 
shell <> yapı
shell <> yarış
shell <> yumur
shellac <> gomal
shellac <> küfel
shelled <> kabuk
sheller <> Shell
shellers <> Shell
shellfire <> top 
shellfish <> kabuk
shelling <> bomba
shelling <> topa
shells <> kabuk
shellshock <> Shell
shelter <> barın
shelter <> korum
shelter <> korun
shelter <> sığın
shelter <> sakla
shelter <> siper
shelter <> sundu
shelter <> yatır
sheltered <> Korun
sheltered <> kuytu
sheltering <> barın
shelters <> barın
shelve <> şevle
shelve <> aldır
shelve <> emekl
shelve <> ertel
shelve <> hasır
shelve <> kadro
shelve <> meyil
shelve <> rafa
shelved <> rafa
shelves <> rafla
shelving <> şevle
shelving <> meyil
shelving <> raf 
shelving <> rafla
shelvings <> rafla
shemozzle <> gürül
shemozzle <> karga
shemozzle <> kavga
shenanigan <> dalav
shenanigan <> kurna
shenanigan <> saçma
shenanigan <> uyanı
shenanigans <> maska
shepherd <> çoban
shepherd <> önder
shepherd <> Hazre
shepherd <> gütme
shepherd <> yol 
shepherdess <> çoban
shepherdess <> kadın
shepherds <> çoban
sheqel <> şekel
sherardize <> galva
sherardize <> toz 
sherbet <> şerbe
sherbet <> meyve
sherbets <> şerbe
sherd <> çömle
sherds <> Parça
shereef <> şerif
sheria <> Şeria
sherif <> şerif
sherif <> kasab
sherif <> krali
sherif <> seçim
sheriff <> şerif
sheriff <> kasab
sheriff <> krali
sheriff <> seçim
sheriffs <> Şerif
sherlock <> Sherl
shern <> Shern
sherpa <> Sherp
sherpas <> Sherp
sherry <> şarap
sherry <> şeri
sherry <> sherr
shet <> Shet
sheth <> Sheth
shetlands <> Shetl
shew <> şov
shew <> göste
shew <> sergi
shew <> sunma
shibboleth <> amacı
shibboleth <> anlam
shibboleth <> artık
shibboleth <> parol
shibboleth <> sloga
shide <> Shide
shie <> Shie
shiel <> Kalka
shield <> örtme
shield <> arma
shield <> hami
shield <> himay
shield <> kalka
shield <> kapla
shield <> korum
shield <> siper
shield <> zırh
shielded <> kalka
shielder <> Shiel
shielders <> Shiel
shielding <> koruy
shieldings <> yalıt
shields <> kalka
shieling <> çoban
shieling <> balık
shieling <> barak
shiels <> Shiel
shift <> çözüm
shift <> çalış
shift <> çare
shift <> başın
shift <> bahan
shift <> değiş
shift <> devir
shift <> ekip
shift <> kaçam
shift <> kadın
shift <> kombi
shift <> lafı
shift <> mesai
shift <> rotas
shift <> tıkın
shift <> vardi
shift <> vites
shift <> yön 
shift <> yükle
shift <> yer 
shift <> yerin
shifted <> değiş
shifter <> şalte
shifter <> değiş
shifter <> dekor
shifter <> hırsı
shifter <> shift
shifters <> kaydı
shiftiness <> aldat
shiftiness <> güven
shiftiness <> hilek
shiftiness <> kurna
shiftiness <> pişki
shifting <> değiş
shifting <> harek
shifting <> vites
shiftless <> çares
shiftless <> becer
shiftless <> biçar
shiftless <> hayla
shiftless <> miski
shiftless <> sünep
shifts <> vardi
shiftwork <> vardi
shifty <> becer
shifty <> güven
shifty <> işini
shifty <> kaypa
shifty <> kurna
shifty <> yapma
shigellosis <> Şigel
shikar <> av
shikari <> avcı
shill <> Shill
shillelagh <> sopa
shilling <> şilin
shillings <> şilin
shillyshally <> tered
shiloh <> Shilo
shim <> ayar
shim <> layne
shimmer <> pırıl
shimmer <> parıl
shimmer <> titre
shimmering <> yanar
shimmery <> pırıl
shimmery <> titre
shimmy <> şimi
shimmy <> gömle
shimmy <> kombi
shimmy <> titre
shimmy <> yalpa
shims <> şim
shin <> öne 
shin <> bacağ
shin <> bacak
shin <> incik
shin <> koşma
shin <> tırma
shinbone <> incik
shinbone <> kaval
shindig <> dansl
shindig <> parti
shindig <> zence
shindy <> şamat
shindy <> gürül
shine <> ışık
shine <> ışıld
shine <> ışıma
shine <> cila
shine <> cilal
shine <> parıl
shine <> parla
shine <> sivri
shined <> tuttu
shiner <> altın
shiner <> gümüş
shiner <> morar
shiner <> parla
shiners <> boyac
shiners <> para
shines <> parla
shingle <> çakıl
shingle <> çatı
shingle <> çatıy
shingle <> alaga
shingle <> demir
shingle <> kısa
shingle <> tabel
shingles <> zona
shingly <> çakıl
shinier <> parla
shininess <> parla
shining <> ışık
shining <> ışıl
shining <> ışıld
shining <> ışılt
shining <> olağa
shining <> parla
shinned <> incik
shinning <> Shinn
shinny <> tırma
shins <> incik
shiny <> eskim
shiny <> parla
ship <> gönde
ship <> gemi
ship <> gemiy
ship <> kürek
ship <> nakle
ship <> su 
ship <> tayfa
ship <> tekne
ship <> uzay
ship <> yerin
shipboard <> gemi
shipborne <> GEMİ
shipbuilder <> gemi
shipbuilders <> gemi
shipbuilding <> gemi
shiplap <> Binil
shipload <> kargo
shipload <> yük
shipman <> Shipm
shipmaster <> gemi
shipmaster <> kapta
shipmasters <> gemi
shipmate <> aynı
shipmates <> Shipm
shipment <> deniz
shipment <> kargo
shipment <> parti
shipment <> yük
shipment <> yükle
shipments <> gönde
shipowner <> armat
shipowner <> gemi
shipowners <> armat
shipped <> sevk
shipper <> gönde
shipper <> ihrac
shipper <> nakli
shipper <> yükle
shippers <> nakli
shipping <> filo
shipping <> gönde
shipping <> gemi
shipping <> nakli
shipping <> taşım
shipping <> ticar
shipping <> tonaj
ships <> gemi
shipshape <> düzgü
shipshape <> donan
shipshape <> terti
shipway <> gemi
shipway <> kızak
shipwreck <> bozul
shipwreck <> deniz
shipwreck <> gemi
shipwreck <> harap
shipwreck <> karay
shipwreck <> kaza
shipwreck <> mahvo
shipwreck <> yıkıl
shipwrecks <> batık
shipwright <> gemi
shipwright <> tersa
shipyard <> tersa
shipyards <> tersa
shir <> büzgü
shir <> büzme
shire <> eyale
shire <> idari
shire <> kontl
shire <> yönet
shirk <> kaçın
shirk <> kayta
shirk <> yan 
shirker <> kayta
shirker <> yan 
shirky <> Shirk
shirr <> büzgü
shirr <> büzme
shirr <> lasti
shirr <> yassı
shirred <> büzgü
shirt <> bluz
shirt <> gömle
shirting <> gömle
shirtings <> gömle
shirtless <> beş 
shirtless <> gömle
shirtless <> metel
shirts <> gömle
shirtwaist <> Gömle
shirty <> çabuk
shirty <> aksi
shirty <> huysu
shirty <> sinir
shist <> şist
shit <> bok
shit <> bok 
shit <> bokta
shit <> dışkı
shit <> esrar
shit <> kaka
shit <> sıçma
shithead <> bok 
shithole <> bok 
shithouse <> Shith
shitless <> Altım
shits <> palav
shits <> saçma
shitty <> bok 
shitty <> bokta
shitty <> bombo
shitty <> rezil
shiv <> Shiv
shivaree <> Shiva
shiver <> ürper
shiver <> dalga
shiver <> heyec
shiver <> kıymı
shiver <> parça
shiver <> rüzgâ
shiver <> talaş
shiver <> titre
shiver <> yonga
shivered <> ürper
shivering <> titre
shiverings <> titri
shivers <> humma
shivery <> tüyle
shivery <> titre
shives <> Shive
shoal <> balık
shoal <> bilin
shoal <> kalab
shoal <> sürü
shoal <> sığ 
shoal <> sığlı
shoal <> sığla
shoal <> tehli
shoal <> topla
shoaling <> sığla
shoals <> sürül
shoaly <> sığ
shock <> şaşır
shock <> şok
shock <> şok 
shock <> balya
shock <> bunal
shock <> darıl
shock <> darbe
shock <> dehşe
shock <> demet
shock <> elekt
shock <> kâlbi
shock <> karış
shock <> keçel
shock <> sarsı
shock <> sarsm
shock <> taran
shock <> utanç
shocked <> şaşkı
shocked <> şok
shocked <> sarsı
shocker <> çekil
shocker <> elekt
shocker <> en 
shocker <> heyec
shocker <> katla
shocking <> şok
shocking <> şok 
shocking <> açık
shocking <> aşırı
shocking <> berba
shocking <> iğren
shocking <> kötü
shocking <> kırıc
shocking <> korku
shocking <> müste
shocking <> serse
shockingly <> şok 
shockproof <> darbe
shocks <> şokla
shockwaves <> şok
shod <> çembe
shod <> ayakk
shod <> nallı
shoddy <> çaput
shoddy <> adi
shoddy <> artık
shoddy <> bayağ
shoddy <> değer
shoddy <> ip 
shoddy <> kalit
shoddy <> kibar
shoddy <> kumaş
shoddy <> sökül
shoddy <> sahte
shoddy <> züppe
shoe <> ayakk
shoe <> balat
shoe <> dış 
shoe <> fren
shoe <> konta
shoe <> nal
shoe <> nalla
shoe <> pabuç
shoeblack <> ayakk
shoeblack <> boyac
shoeblack <> lostr
shoeboxes <> ayakk
shoehorn <> çekec
shoehorn <> ayakk
shoehorn <> kerat
shoelace <> ayakk
shoelace <> bağcı
shoelace <> pabuç
shoelaces <> ayaka
shoeless <> ayakk
shoemaker <> ayakk
shoemaker <> kundu
shoemakers <> ayakk
shoemaking <> ayakk
shoes <> ayakk
shoeshine <> ayakk
shoeshop <> Şuşap
shoestring <> ayakk
shoestring <> az
shoestring <> bağcı
shoestring <> incec
shoestring <> periş
shoestring <> ucu 
shoestring <> yeter
shoestrings <> bağcı
shoetree <> ayakk
shofar <> Shofa
shogun <> Shogu
shogunate <> şogun
shoguns <> şogun
shoji <> Shoji
shola <> Shola
sholes <> Shole
shondes <> Shond
shone <> parlı
shoo <> hişt
shoo <> hoşt
shoo <> kış 
shoo <> kışkı
shoo <> kovma
shoo <> pist
shoo <> yönle
shook <> fıçı
shook <> salla
shook <> sandı
shool <> Shool
shoot <> çekim
shoot <> çekme
shoot <> öldür
shoot <> şidde
shoot <> şut 
shoot <> aşı 
shoot <> atış
shoot <> ateş
shoot <> atma
shoot <> atmak
shoot <> av
shoot <> avlak
shoot <> avlam
shoot <> avlan
shoot <> budak
shoot <> füze
shoot <> fışkı
shoot <> fırla
shoot <> fazla
shoot <> filiz
shoot <> fotoğ
shoot <> hızla
shoot <> iğne
shoot <> keres
shoot <> mesaf
shoot <> perda
shoot <> sürgü
shoot <> sancı
shoot <> vurma
shoot <> vuruş
shoot <> yuvar
shoot <> zonkl
shooted <> cekti
shooter <> altıp
shooter <> atıcı
shooter <> avcı
shooter <> nişan
shooter <> vuruc
shooters <> Saldı
shooting <> çekim
shooting <> atış
shooting <> atıcı
shooting <> av
shooting <> av 
shooting <> avcıl
shooting <> filiz
shooting <> film
shooting <> sızla
shooting <> zonkl
shootings <> Çekim
shootout <> çatış
shootouts <> Shoot
shoots <> vuruy
shop <> alışv
shop <> araşt
shop <> dükkâ
shop <> ele 
shop <> gamma
shop <> hapis
shop <> hapse
shop <> iş
shop <> işyer
shop <> kurul
shop <> kurum
shop <> mağaz
shop <> mesle
shop <> okul
shopaholics <> Shopa
shopfronts <> gişel
shopgirl <> satış
shopgirl <> tezgâ
shopkeeper <> dükkâ
shopkeeper <> mağaz
shopkeepers <> esnaf
shopkeeping <> dükkâ
shopkeeping <> işlet
shoplift <> mağaz
shoplifter <> hırsı
shoplifter <> mağaz
shoplifters <> dükka
shoplifting <> dükkâ
shoplifting <> hırsı
shopman <> satıc
shopman <> tezgâ
shopped <> alışv
shopper <> alışv
shopper <> müşte
shoppers <> alışv
shoppes <> Shopp
shopping <> çarşı
shopping <> alışv
shopping <> pazar
shoppings <> alışv
shops <> dükka
shoptalk <> iş
shoptalk <> iş 
shoptalk <> işten
shopwindow <> camek
shopwindow <> vitri
shopwindows <> Vitri
shopworn <> dükkâ
shore <> dayan
shore <> deniz
shore <> deste
shore <> kıyı
shore <> kanıt
shore <> kara
shore <> payan
shore <> sahil
shoreless <> deniz
shoreless <> sınır
shoreless <> sahil
shoreless <> uçsuz
shoreline <> kıyı
shores <> kıyıl
shoreward <> kıyıy
shoreward <> sahil
shorewards <> kıyıy
shorewards <> sahil
shoring <> iksa
shorn <> biçil
shorn <> kırpı
shorn <> kesil
shorn <> mahru
shorn <> yoksu
short <> çıtır
short <> çapak
short <> özet
short <> alçak
short <> anide
short <> az
short <> bücür
short <> birde
short <> bodur
short <> dışın
short <> eksik
short <> gevre
short <> hariç
short <> haric
short <> iyi 
short <> kısa
short <> kıt
short <> kasa
short <> kesti
short <> konta
short <> sert
short <> tam 
short <> yeter
shortage <> açık
shortage <> eksik
shortage <> kıtlı
shortage <> yoklu
shortages <> sıkın
shortbread <> kurab
shortcake <> kurab
shortchange <> kısa
shortchange <> konta
shortcoming <> eksik
shortcoming <> ihmal
shortcoming <> kusur
shortcoming <> noksa
shortcomings <> eksik
shortcut <> kısay
shortcut <> kesti
shortcuts <> kısay
shortcutting <> için
shorted <> kısa
shorten <> azalm
shorten <> azalt
shorten <> kısal
shorten <> yağ 
shorten <> yelke
shortened <> azalm
shortened <> kısal
shortener <> kısal
shortening <> azalm
shortening <> kısal
shortening <> una 
shortenings <> kısal
shortens <> kısal
shorter <> kısa
shortest <> kısa
shortfall <> açık
shortfall <> eksik
shortfalls <> eksik
shorthair <> Short
shorthand <> steno
shorthands <> Kısal
shorthorn <> kısa
shortie <> bodur
shortie <> kısa
shortie <> ufakl
shorting <> kısa
shortish <> olduk
shortlist <> bulun
shortlisted <> aday
shortlived <> kısa
shortly <> kısac
shortly <> kabac
shortly <> sözün
shortly <> tersç
shortly <> yakın
shortness <> darlı
shortness <> eksik
shortness <> gevre
shortness <> küçük
shortness <> kısal
shortness <> kabal
shortness <> tersl
shortness <> yetme
shorts <> şort
shorts <> külot
shorts <> kısa
shortsighted <> ileri
shortsighted <> miyop
shortsighted <> uzağı
shortsightedness <> ileri
shortsightedness <> miyop
shortwave <> kısa
shorty <> bücür
shorty <> bodur
shorty <> kısa
shorty <> ufakl
shot <> çakır
shot <> çekim
shot <> şans
shot <> şut
shot <> aşı
shot <> atış
shot <> bir 
shot <> boşal
shot <> cinse
shot <> denem
shot <> deste
shot <> dolu
shot <> erim
shot <> film
shot <> fotoğ
shot <> gülle
shot <> giriş
shot <> iğne
shot <> kısme
shot <> kafas
shot <> lağım
shot <> menzi
shot <> saçma
shot <> tahmi
shot <> tahri
shot <> tek 
shot <> top 
shot <> vuruş
shot <> yanar
shot <> yardı
shot <> yudum
shotgun <> çifte
shotgun <> av
shotgun <> av 
shotguns <> av
shots <> çekim
shotten <> yumur
shotting <> Shott
shottle <> Shott
shotts <> Shott
should <> -malı
should <> -meli
should <> gerek
should <> ise
should <> olurs
shoulder <> üstün
shoulder <> banke
shoulder <> güven
shoulder <> omuz
shoulder <> omuzl
shoulder <> omzun
shoulder <> sırt
shoulder <> yükle
shoulder <> yamaç
shouldered <> omuzl
shouldering <> omuzl
shoulders <> omuzl
shout <> bağır
shout <> haykı
shout <> not
shout <> ses
shout <> sesle
shouted <> diye
shouting <> çığlı
shouting <> bağır
shouting <> haykı
shouting <> sesle
shouting <> yayga
shouts <> not
shove <> dürtm
shove <> itiş
shove <> itişi
shove <> itili
shove <> itip
shove <> itme
shove <> itmek
shove <> kıpır
shove <> sokuş
shove <> tıkış
shove <> tıkma
shoved <> itti
shovel <> şovel
shovel <> faraş
shovel <> kürüm
shovel <> kürek
shovel <> kepçe
shoveled <> kürek
shovelful <> kürek
shoveling <> kürek
shovelled <> kürek
shovelling <> kürek
shovels <> kürek
shover <> Duş
show <> öğret
show <> şans
show <> şov
show <> açıkl
show <> başar
show <> belir
show <> belli
show <> dışa
show <> delâl
show <> fırsa
show <> görün
show <> göste
show <> giriş
show <> iş
show <> ibraz
show <> kanıt
show <> kendi
show <> meyda
show <> numar
show <> renk
show <> revü
show <> sükse
show <> sahne
show <> sergi
show <> sonuç
show <> teşhi
showboat <> Showb
showbox <> Showb
showbread <> Showb
showcard <> Afiş
showcards <> afişl
showcase <> camek
showcase <> vitri
showcased <> görüc
showcases <> vitri
showcasing <> vitri
showdown <> açık
showdown <> güç
showdown <> güç 
showdown <> kâğıt
showdowns <> Göste
showed <> göste
shower <> dökme
shower <> duş
shower <> hafif
shower <> hediy
shower <> kısa
shower <> sağan
shower <> yağdı
shower <> yağmu
showerhead <> duş
showerheads <> duş
showering <> duş
showers <> Yağış
showery <> ara 
showery <> yağmu
showest <> ShoWe
showgirls <> Showg
showground <> Fuar
showgrounds <> Fuar
showily <> göste
showily <> haval
showiness <> göste
showing <> belir
showing <> durum
showing <> göste
showing <> oynam
showing <> sergi
showings <> göste
showman <> şovme
showman <> eğlen
showman <> etkil
showman <> ilgi
showmanship <> şovme
showmanship <> göste
shown <> göste
showpiece <> görül
showpiece <> göste
showplace <> mekan
showroom <> göste
showroom <> satış
showroom <> sergi
showroom <> showr
showrooms <> showr
shows <> göste
showtimes <> seans
showtunes <> Showt
showy <> çarpı
showy <> şataf
showy <> cafca
showy <> fiyak
showy <> göste
showy <> haval
showy <> tanta
shraddha <> Shrad
shrank <> küçül
shrapnel <> şarap
shrapnel <> bomba
shred <> dilim
shred <> doğra
shred <> en 
shred <> küçük
shred <> lime
shred <> paçav
shred <> parça
shredded <> rende
shredder <> dilim
shredder <> parça
shredder <> rende
shredders <> öğütü
shredding <> parça
shrew <> şirre
shrew <> cadı
shrew <> cadal
shrew <> kır
shrew <> kır 
shrewd <> açıkg
shrewd <> akıll
shrewd <> cin 
shrewd <> kurna
shrewd <> sert
shrewd <> uyanı
shrewd <> zeki
shrewd <> zekic
shrewdly <> kurna
shrewdness <> açıkg
shrewdness <> akıll
shrewdness <> cin 
shrewdness <> zekil
shrewish <> şirre
shrewish <> cırla
shrewish <> cadı
shrewish <> cadal
shrewish <> hırçı
shrewish <> zilli
shri <> Shri
shriek <> çığlı
shriek <> acı 
shriek <> avazı
shriek <> ferya
shriek <> yırtı
shriek <> yayga
shrieked <> ferya
shrieking <> çığlı
shrieks <> ferya
shrievalty <> şerif
shrift <> günah
shrike <> örümc
shrill <> acı
shrill <> acı 
shrill <> cırla
shrill <> cırtl
shrill <> sürek
shrill <> tiz
shrill <> tiz 
shrilly <> tiz
shrimp <> bodur
shrimp <> cüce
shrimp <> karid
shrimping <> karid
shrimps <> karid
shrine <> kutsa
shrine <> türbe
shrine <> tapın
shrines <> türbe
shrink <> çekin
shrink <> çekme
shrink <> azalm
shrink <> büzül
shrink <> büzme
shrink <> daral
shrink <> hoşla
shrink <> küçül
shrink <> kısal
shrink <> psiki
shrink <> ruh 
shrinkable <> büzüş
shrinkage <> çekme
shrinkage <> büzül
shrinkage <> daral
shrinkage <> değer
shrinkage <> fire
shrinkage <> küçül
shrinkages <> küçül
shrinked <> şirin
shrinker <> Küçül
shrinking <> çeker
shrinking <> çekin
shrinking <> çekme
shrinking <> ürkek
shrinking <> büzüc
shrinking <> büzül
shrinking <> istem
shrinks <> küçül
shrive <> günah
shrivel <> aciz
shrivel <> büzme
shrivel <> buruş
shrivel <> içi 
shrivel <> kırış
shrivel <> kurut
shriveled <> buruş
shriveled <> kuruy
shrivelled <> buruş
shrivelled <> kuruy
shriver <> Shriv
shroff <> Shrof
shroom <> Shroo
shrooms <> Shroo
shroud <> çarmı
shroud <> örtü
shroud <> örtme
shroud <> gizle
shroud <> kefen
shroud <> korum
shroud <> paraş
shroud <> tabut
shrouded <> kefen
shrouding <> örtüy
shrove <> Shrov
shrows <> 
shrub <> çalı
shrub <> ağaçç
shrub <> alkol
shrub <> funda
shrubbery <> çalıl
shrubbery <> funda
shrubby <> çalı
shrubby <> ağaçs
shrubs <> çalıl
shruff <> 
shrug <> omuz
shrugged <> omuz
shrugging <> silke
shrugs <> omuz
shrunk <> çökmü
shrunk <> çekmi
shrunk <> daral
shrunken <> çökmü
shrunken <> çekmi
shrunken <> küçül
shuck <> kabuğ
shuck <> kabuk
shuck <> koçan
shuck <> zarf
shucks <> hadi
shucks <> saçma
shudder <> ürper
shudder <> titre
shudder <> zangı
shuddered <> ürper
shuddering <> titre
shudderings <> titre
shuffle <> ağız
shuffle <> ayak
shuffle <> ayakl
shuffle <> elden
shuffle <> kâğıt
shuffle <> kıpır
shuffle <> kaçır
shuffle <> kaçam
shuffle <> karış
shuffle <> karma
shuffle <> kayta
shuffle <> kem 
shuffle <> sözü
shuffle <> sürtü
shuffle <> sakın
shuffle <> yer 
shuffle <> yerin
shuffleboard <> disk
shuffled <> karış
shuffler <> ağız
shuffler <> ayakl
shuffler <> kâğıt
shuffles <> karış
shuffling <> ayakl
shuffling <> dolam
shuffling <> hileb
shuffling <> kaçam
shuffling <> karış
shuffling <> karma
shug <> Shug
shule <> Arıka
shun <> çekin
shun <> dikka
shun <> hazır
shun <> kaçın
shun <> sakın
shun <> uzak
shunt <> şönt
shunt <> başın
shunt <> hat 
shunt <> paral
shunt <> tâli
shunt <> yakas
shunt <> yan 
shunt <> yerin
shunt <> yol 
shunt <> yolun
shunter <> makas
shunter <> manev
shunters <> makas
shunting <> makas
shunting <> manev
shunts <> şantl
shura <> şura
shush <> şışt
shush <> hişt
shush <> sus
shush <> susma
shush <> sustu
shut <> örtül
shut <> örtme
shut <> içeri
shut <> kıstı
shut <> kapal
shut <> kapam
shut <> kapan
shut <> kapat
shut <> kapma
shut <> katla
shut <> sokma
shut <> yumma
shutdown <> çalış
shutdown <> işe 
shutdown <> kapan
shutdown <> yayın
shutdowns <> kapat
shute <> Shute
shuteye <> kesti
shuteye <> uyku
shuteye <> uyukl
shuteye <> uyuma
shuting <> kapay
shutoff <> avlan
shutoff <> durdu
shutoff <> kısma
shutoff <> kapam
shutoff <> kesme
shutout <> lokav
shutout <> rakib
shutout <> sayı
shutouts <> maçta
shuts <> kapan
shutter <> beton
shutter <> fotoğ
shutter <> kapak
shutter <> kapam
shutter <> kepen
shutter <> panju
shutterbug <> fotoğ
shuttered <> kepen
shuttering <> perde
shutters <> panju
shutting <> kapam
shutting <> kapat
shuttle <> gidiş
shuttle <> gidip
shuttle <> ileri
shuttle <> karşı
shuttle <> mekik
shuttlecock <> badmi
shuttlecock <> ucu 
shuttlecraft <> Shutt
shuttled <> mekik
shuttles <> mekik
shuttling <> mekik
shy <> çekin
shy <> ürkek
shy <> ürkme
shy <> alay
shy <> atış
shy <> atma
shy <> atmak
shy <> eksik
shy <> fırla
shy <> ihtiy
shy <> irkil
shy <> korka
shy <> korkm
shy <> pısır
shy <> sıkıl
shy <> sakın
shy <> utang
shylock <> cimri
shylock <> tefec
shyly <> çekin
shyly <> ürkek
shyly <> utana
shyness <> çekin
shyness <> ürkek
shyness <> güven
shyness <> korka
shyness <> kurun
shyness <> sıkıl
shyness <> utang
shyster <> düzen
shyster <> dalav
shyster <> kötü
si <> si
sial <> SIAL
sialagogue <> salya
sialic <> siali
sialon <> SiAlO
sialorrhoea <> siyal
siamese <> Siyam
sibilance <> ıslık
sibilance <> vızıl
sibilant <> ıslık
sibilate <> ıslık
sibilation <> ıslık
sibling <> karde
siblings <> karde
sibyl <> büyüc
sibyl <> falcı
sibyl <> kâhin
sibyl <> kadın
sibylline <> gizli
sibylline <> kehan
sic <> aynen
sic <> böyle
sicca <> sikka
siccative <> kurut
siccative <> sikat
sice <> seyis
siciliano <> Sicil
sick <> özlem
sick <> bıkkı
sick <> bulan
sick <> dağın
sick <> hasre
sick <> hasta
sick <> iğren
sick <> keyif
sick <> kusma
sick <> mide
sick <> mides
sick <> rahat
sick <> saldı
sick <> soluk
sick <> usanm
sick <> yakal
sickbed <> hasta
sickbed <> yatak
sicken <> bıkma
sicken <> bıktı
sicken <> bezdi
sicken <> gına
sicken <> hasta
sicken <> iğren
sicken <> mide
sicken <> mides
sicken <> rahat
sicken <> usand
sickened <> usanm
sickener <> iğren
sickener <> mide
sickening <> bıktı
sickening <> berba
sickening <> iğren
sickening <> korku
sickening <> mide
sickening <> tiksi
sickens <> hasta
sickest <> iğren
sickle <> hilal
sickle <> orak
sickler <> Sickl
sicklers <> orak
sickles <> orak
sickly <> cılız
sickly <> hasta
sickly <> iç 
sickly <> iğren
sickly <> mide
sickly <> sağlı
sickly <> soluk
sickness <> bulan
sickness <> hasta
sickness <> kusma
sickness <> mide
sicknesses <> hasta
sicko <> sapık
sickroom <> hasta
sickroom <> revir
sicks <> Sicks
sics <> SICS
sida <> Sida
sidas <> Sidas
siddhi <> Siddh
siddhis <> Siddh
side <> çalım
side <> aynı
side <> böğür
side <> bölüm
side <> hava
side <> ikinc
side <> kıyı
side <> kenar
side <> takım
side <> taraf
side <> yanın
side <> yan
side <> yanda
sidearm <> taban
sideband <> yanba
sideboard <> büfe
sideboard <> yan 
sideboards <> favor
sideburn <> favor
sideburns <> favor
sidecar <> motos
sidecars <> sepet
sided <> çevri
sided <> cephe
sided <> kenar
sided <> taraf
sidedness <> yanlı
sidekick <> arkad
sidekick <> ortak
sidekick <> yardı
sidekicks <> Sidek
sidelight <> borda
sidelight <> uçağı
sidelight <> yan 
sidelight <> yanda
sideline <> ek 
sideline <> kenar
sideline <> tâli
sideline <> yan
sideline <> yan 
sidelined <> gözde
sidelines <> arala
sideling <> yana
sidelong <> yan
sidelong <> yan 
sidelong <> yanla
sideral <> yıldı
sidereal <> yıldı
siderite <> demir
siderite <> sider
siderites <> sider
sideritic <> sider
sideritis <> Sider
sideroblastic <> sider
sideroblasts <> sider
siderolite <> Sider
sideropenia <> sider
siderophore <> sider
siderophores <> sider
siderosis <> sider
siders <> Sider
sides <> taraf
sidesaddle <> ataya
sidesaddle <> kadın
sideshow <> SideS
sidespin <> yansp
sidesplitting <> çok 
sidesplitting <> gülme
sidesplitting <> kahka
sidestep <> kaçın
sidestep <> sürün
sidestep <> uzatm
sidestep <> yan 
sidestep <> yana
sidestreets <> Sides
sidestroke <> yan 
sidestroke <> yanla
sideswipe <> dokun
sideswipe <> iğnel
sideswipe <> yanda
sidetrack <> önems
sidetrack <> caydı
sidetrack <> ertel
sidetrack <> gecik
sidetrack <> manev
sidetrack <> treni
sidetrack <> yan 
sidetracked <> ertel
sidewalk <> kaldı
sidewalks <> kaldı
sidewall <> yanak
sidewalls <> yanak
sideward <> yan
sideward <> yan 
sideward <> yana
sideward <> yanda
sideward <> yanla
sidewards <> yan 
sidewards <> yana
sidewards <> yanda
sidewards <> yanla
sideway <> kayaç
sideways <> yan 
sideways <> yana
sideways <> yanda
sideways <> yanla
sidewinder <> çıngı
sidewinder <> kısa
sidewinder <> yan 
sidewinders <> Sidew
sidewise <> yan
sidewise <> yan 
sidewise <> yana
sidewise <> yanda
sidewise <> yanla
siding <> manev
siding <> sidin
siding <> taraf
siding <> yan 
sidings <> dış
sidle <> sokul
sidle <> yan 
siege <> çevre
siege <> ele 
siege <> hasta
siege <> kuşat
siege <> tezgâ
sieged <> kuşat
sieger <> Siege
sieges <> kuşat
siemens <> iletk
siemens <> sieme
sien <> Sien
sienna <> koyu
sierra <> dişli
sierra <> sierr
sierras <> Sierr
siesta <> öğle
siesta <> siest
sieve <> boşbo
sieve <> elek
sieve <> eleme
sieve <> kalbu
sieve <> kevgi
sieve <> ot 
sieved <> elenm
sieverts <> Sieve
sieves <> elekl
sieving <> eleme
sift <> eleme
sift <> gözde
sift <> ince
sift <> iyiyi
sift <> kalbu
sift <> kevgi
sift <> titiz
sifted <> elenm
sifter <> ağzı
sifter <> delik
sifters <> elekl
sifting <> ayıkl
sifting <> elekt
sifting <> eleme
sifting <> incel
siftings <> elekt
siftings <> kalbu
sigh <> ah 
sigh <> derin
sigh <> iç
sigh <> iç 
sighed <> içini
sighing <> içini
sighs <> iç
sight <> ümit
sight <> bakma
sight <> görüş
sight <> görün
sight <> görme
sight <> göz
sight <> gözle
sight <> hal
sight <> hedef
sight <> ibraz
sight <> ihtim
sight <> kanı
sight <> manza
sight <> nazar
sight <> nişan
sighted <> görüş
sighted <> görül
sighted <> göreb
sighted <> gören
sightedness <> yakın
sighting <> nişan
sightless <> görme
sightless <> kör
sightly <> bakma
sightly <> dikka
sightly <> göze
sightly <> güzel
sightly <> yakış
sights <> manza
sightseeing <> çevre
sightseeing <> gezi
sightseeing <> gezip
sightseeings <> Gezil
sightseer <> turis
sigil <> burçu
sigillum <> Sigil
sigla <> Sigla
sigmas <> Sigma
sigmoidoscope <> sigmo
sigmoidoscopic <> rekto
sigmoidoscopy <> sigmo
sign <> alâme
sign <> belir
sign <> burç
sign <> göste
sign <> haç 
sign <> işare
sign <> ifade
sign <> ima 
sign <> imza
sign <> imzal
sign <> isim
sign <> ismin
sign <> istav
sign <> iz
sign <> jest
sign <> muciz
sign <> nişan
sign <> sembo
sign <> sempt
sign <> simge
sign <> tabel
signable <> imzal
signage <> tabel
signal <> bildi
signal <> dikka
signal <> göze
signal <> işare
signal <> muhab
signal <> sinyâ
signal <> sinya
signal <> uyarı
signaled <> sinya
signaler <> işare
signaler <> muhab
signaler <> varda
signalers <> sinya
signaling <> işare
signaling <> sinya
signalisation <> sinya
signalised <> sinya
signalization <> sinya
signalize <> belir
signalize <> bildi
signalize <> işare
signalize <> karak
signalize <> meşhu
signalize <> sinyâ
signalized <> sinya
signalled <> sinya
signaller <> işare
signaller <> muhab
signaller <> varda
signallers <> sinya
signalling <> işare
signalling <> sinya
signalman <> işare
signalman <> varda
signals <> sinya
signary <> harf
signatories <> imza
signatory <> imza
signatory <> imzal
signature <> damga
signature <> işare
signature <> ilacı
signature <> imza
signature <> kaşe
signature <> mühür
signature <> nota
signature <> tanıt
signatures <> imzal
signboard <> isim
signboard <> levha
signboard <> tabel
signboards <> tabel
signed <> imzal
signedness <> işare
signer <> imza
signer <> imzal
signers <> imzal
signet <> mühür
significance <> önem
significance <> anlam
significances <> anlam
significancy <> önem
significancy <> anlam
significant <> öneml
significant <> anlam
significant <> kayda
significant <> manâl
significantly <> anlam
signification <> anlam
signification <> ifade
signification <> manâ
significations <> anlam
significative <> anlam
significative <> belir
significative <> karak
signified <> anlam
signifiers <> göste
signifies <> ettiğ
signify <> anlam
signify <> belir
signify <> delâl
signify <> demek
signify <> göste
signify <> işare
signify <> ifade
signifying <> anlam
signing <> İmza
signings <> imza
signora <> Sinyo
signore <> Sinyo
signori <> Signo
signoria <> Signo
signorini <> Signo
signposted <> tabel
signposting <> Tabel
signposts <> tabel
signs <> işare
sikes <> Sikes
silage <> silaj
silage <> silod
silage <> silol
silage <> yem
silages <> silaj
silane <> silan
silanes <> silan
silas <> Silas
silastic <> silas
sile <> Şile
siled <> silo
silen <> Silen
silence <> ateşk
silence <> bastı
silence <> sükut
silence <> sır 
silence <> ses 
silence <> sessi
silence <> susku
silence <> susma
silence <> sustu
silence <> susun
silenced <> sustu
silencer <> egzoz
silencer <> sustu
silencers <> sustu
silences <> sessi
silencing <> sustu
silene <> Silen
silent <> içind
silent <> içten
silent <> sessi
silent <> susku
silent <> yazıl
silently <> sessi
silents <> Sessi
siler <> Siler
siles <> Siles
silesia <> İnce
silesia <> Silez
silex <> çakma
silhouette <> gölge
silhouette <> hayal
silhouette <> karal
silhouette <> silue
silhouette <> tasla
silhouetted <> silue
silhouettes <> silue
silica <> silis
silicate <> silik
silicate <> silis
silicated <> silis
silicates <> silik
siliceous <> silis
silicic <> silis
silicification <> silis
silicified <> silis
silicify <> çakma
silicify <> silis
silicious <> silis
silicium <> silis
silicomanganese <> Silik
silicon <> silik
silicon <> silis
silicone <> silik
silicones <> silik
siliconised <> silik
siliconized <> silik
siliconizing <> silik
silicons <> Silik
silicosis <> silik
silicosis <> silis
silicotic <> silik
silk <> örümc
silk <> ipek
silk <> ipekl
silk <> krali
silk <> saten
silken <> ipek
silken <> ipekl
silken <> ipeks
silken <> tatlı
silken <> yumuş
silkening <> İpeks
silks <> ipek
silkscreen <> serig
silkworm <> ipekb
silkworms <> ipekb
silky <> dalka
silky <> içimi
silky <> ipek
silky <> ipekl
silky <> ipeks
silky <> tatlı
silky <> yağcı
silky <> yumuş
sill <> eşik
sill <> kapı
sill <> perva
sill <> taban
sillabub <> şarap
siller <> Sille
silliest <> aptal
sillimanite <> silli
silliness <> abesl
silliness <> aptal
silliness <> saçma
silliness <> salak
silliness <> serse
silliness <> zevze
sills <> eşikl
silly <> şapşa
silly <> aptal
silly <> bön
silly <> saçma
silly <> salak
silly <> serse
silly <> zevze
silo <> ambar
silo <> füze
silo <> silo
silo <> silod
silo <> siloy
silo <> yeral
siloed <> silo
silos <> silol
siloxane <> silok
siloxanes <> silok
silt <> alüvy
silting <> dolar
siltstone <> siltt
siltstones <> siltt
silty <> siltl
silurus <> Silur
silvan <> ağaçl
silvan <> orman
silvas <> Silva
silver <> ağarm
silver <> beyaz
silver <> gümüş
silver <> sırla
silvered <> gümüş
silverfish <> Silve
silvers <> gümüş
silversmith <> gümüş
silversmithing <> Gümüş
silversmiths <> gümüş
silvertip <> Silve
silverware <> gümüş
silverware <> sofra
silverwork <> gümüş
silverworks <> Geziy
silvery <> berra
silvery <> gümüş
silvery <> simli
silvex <> Silve
silvicultural <> silvi
silviculture <> ağaçl
silviculture <> orman
sima <> Sima
simar <> Simar
simas <> Simas
simian <> insan
simian <> maymu
similar <> aynıl
similar <> benze
similar <> eş
similar <> emsal
similarities <> benze
similarity <> benze
similarly <> aynı
similarly <> benze
similarly <> bunun
similars <> benze
similary <> Benze
simile <> benze
simile <> mecaz
simile <> teşbi
similitude <> benze
similitude <> teşbi
simkin <> Simki
simmer <> galey
simmer <> içten
simmer <> kayna
simmer <> patla
simmer <> yavaş
simmering <> kayna
simmers <> kayna
simoleons <> Simol
simonian <> Simon
simonize <> Simon
simony <> dinse
simony <> kutsa
simoom <> sam
simoom <> sam 
simp <> ahmak
simp <> aptal
simpatico <> Simpa
simper <> aptal
simper <> yapma
simple <> acemi
simple <> alçak
simple <> basit
simple <> göste
simple <> irade
simple <> kendi
simple <> kocak
simple <> kolay
simple <> sade
simple <> saf
simple <> tam
simple <> temiz
simple <> yalın
simpleness <> sadel
simpler <> basit
simples <> Simpl
simplest <> basit
simpleton <> alık
simpleton <> avana
simpleton <> keriz
simpleton <> safdi
simplex <> basit
simplex <> simpl
simplex <> tek 
simplex <> yalın
simplexes <> Simpl
simplicial <> simpl
simplicities <> kolay
simplicity <> basit
simplicity <> göste
simplicity <> kolay
simplicity <> sadel
simplification <> basit
simplification <> sadel
simplification <> yalın
simplifications <> basit
simplificative <> basit
simplificative <> sade
simplificative <> yalın
simplified <> basit
simplified <> kolay
simplified <> sadel
simplifies <> basit
simplify <> basit
simplify <> kolay
simplify <> sadel
simplifying <> basit
simplistic <> basit
simplistically <> basit
simply <> özent
simply <> açıkç
simply <> basit
simply <> sırf
simply <> sade
simply <> sadec
simply <> tamam
simply <> yalın
simply <> yanız
simulacrum <> gölge
simulacrum <> hayal
simulacrum <> imge
simulacrum <> sahte
simulacrum <> takli
simulant <> benze
simulants <> benze
simulate <> benze
simulate <> gibi
simulate <> numar
simulate <> takli
simulate <> yalan
simulated <> sahte
simulated <> takli
simulates <> simül
simulating <> simül
simulation <> benze
simulation <> sahte
simulation <> simül
simulation <> takli
simulation <> yalan
simulations <> simül
simulative <> simül
simulator <> iki 
simulator <> numar
simulator <> simül
simulator <> yalan
simulators <> simül
simulia <> SIMUL
simultaneity <> aynı
simultaneity <> eşzam
simultaneous <> anınd
simultaneous <> aynı
simultaneous <> eşzam
simultaneous <> simul
simultaneously <> aynı
simurgh <> Simur
sin <> günah
sin <> kabah
sin <> suç
sin <> suç 
sinal <> Sinal
sinapis <> Sinap
sinapism <> harda
since <> -dığı
since <> -den
since <> beri
since <> bu 
since <> bugün
since <> edeli
since <> madem
since <> o 
since <> olalı
since <> yapal
sincere <> canda
sincere <> dürüs
sincere <> doğru
sincere <> gerçe
sincere <> içi 
sincere <> içten
sincere <> samim
sincerely <> canda
sincerely <> içten
sincerely <> samim
sincereness <> canda
sincereness <> dürüs
sincereness <> içten
sincereness <> samim
sincerest <> içten
sincerity <> canda
sincerity <> dürüs
sincerity <> doğru
sincerity <> içten
sincerity <> samim
sinch <> Sinch
sinciput <> başın
sinciput <> kafat
sinding <> Sindi
sine <> -sız
sine <> -siz
sine <> sinüs
sinecure <> arpal
sinecure <> ense
sinecure <> hizme
sines <> sinüs
sinew <> güç
sinew <> kas 
sinew <> kiriş
sinew <> kuvve
sinew <> sinir
sinew <> veter
sinewed <> dinç
sinewed <> güçlü
sinewed <> kiriş
sinewed <> kuvve
sinewed <> sinir
sinewed <> zinde
sinewless <> güçsü
sinewless <> kuvve
sinewless <> zayıf
sinewy <> dinç
sinewy <> güçlü
sinewy <> kiriş
sinewy <> kuvve
sinewy <> sinir
sinewy <> zinde
sinfonia <> senfo
sinfonie <> Sinfo
sinfonietta <> küçük
sinful <> fena
sinful <> günah
sinful <> utanç
sinfulness <> günah
sing <> çınla
sing <> çağır
sing <> ötmek
sing <> ıslık
sing <> şakım
sing <> şarkı
sing <> okuma
sing <> söyle
sing <> uğuld
sing <> vınla
sing <> vızıl
singe <> alazl
singe <> alevd
singe <> ateşt
singe <> hafif
singe <> sarar
singe <> uçlar
singed <> imzal
singeing <> yakma
singer <> ötücü
singer <> şantö
singer <> şarkı
singer <> aşık
singers <> şarkı
singing <> çınla
singing <> ötüş
singing <> ötme
singing <> şakım
singing <> şan
singing <> şarkı
singing <> uğult
single <> bekâr
single <> bekar
single <> bir
single <> bir 
single <> biric
single <> evlen
single <> kırk
single <> tek
single <> tek 
single <> yalnı
singled <> saydı
singleness <> bağlı
singleness <> bekâr
singleness <> içten
singleness <> karar
singleness <> ne 
singleness <> sadak
singleness <> tek 
singleness <> yalnı
singles <> tekle
singlestick <> eskri
singlestick <> tek 
singlet <> atlet
singlet <> fanil
singlet <> kolsu
singleton <> elde
singleton <> tek 
singleton <> tekiz
singleton <> yalnı
singletons <> tekil
singlets <> atlet
singly <> birer
singly <> tek
singly <> tek 
singly <> teker
singly <> yalnı
singly <> yardı
singsong <> cansı
singsong <> hazır
singsong <> monot
singsong <> tekdü
singsong <> tempo
singular <> acayi
singular <> birey
singular <> eşsiz
singular <> kişis
singular <> olağa
singular <> tek
singular <> tekil
singular <> tuhaf
singularities <> tekil
singularity <> özell
singularity <> acayi
singularity <> eşsiz
singularity <> görül
singularity <> garip
singularity <> tek 
singularity <> tuhaf
singularize <> özell
singularize <> tekil
singularly <> tek
singulars <> tekil
sinister <> fena
sinister <> fesat
sinister <> kötü
sinister <> kem
sinister <> meyme
sinister <> solda
sinister <> solun
sinister <> tekin
sinister <> uğurs
sinisterly <> uğurs
sinistral <> sola
sinistrorse <> sola
sink <> çökme
sink <> çukur
sink <> örtba
sink <> alçal
sink <> azalm
sink <> azalt
sink <> basma
sink <> batır
sink <> batak
sink <> batma
sink <> düşür
sink <> düşme
sink <> dalma
sink <> durum
sink <> fakir
sink <> fenal
sink <> ferag
sink <> gömül
sink <> gömme
sink <> hafif
sink <> işlem
sink <> inmek
sink <> kötül
sink <> kırıl
sink <> kafas
sink <> kazma
sink <> lağım
sink <> lavab
sink <> mahve
sink <> muslu
sink <> pisli
sink <> sapla
sink <> unutu
sink <> vazge
sink <> yatır
sink <> yer 
sink <> yerle
sinkable <> çökeb
sinkable <> batab
sinked <> batmı
sinker <> ağ
sinker <> ağ 
sinker <> iskan
sinker <> kuyu
sinker <> mühür
sinker <> maden
sinker <> olta
sinker <> tatlı
sinkers <> plati
sinkhole <> düden
sinking <> açlık
sinking <> amort
sinking <> azala
sinking <> batış
sinking <> batır
sinking <> batma
sinking <> düşüş
sinking <> derma
sinking <> halsi
sinking <> işlev
sinking <> yavaş
sinking <> zaman
sinks <> lavab
sinless <> günah
sinless <> masum
sinlessness <> günah
sinned <> günah
sinner <> günah
sinner <> rezil
sinners <> günah
sinology <> Çin
sinology <> Çin d
sinology <> Çin f
sinology <> sinol
sins <> günah
sinter <> kalıb
sinter <> katıl
sinter <> silik
sinter <> sinte
sinter <> top 
sintered <> sinte
sintering <> sinte
sinters <> sinte
sinuate <> dalga
sinuosity <> kıvrı
sinuosity <> yılan
sinuous <> dolam
sinuous <> eğri
sinuous <> kıvrı
sinuous <> kavis
sinuous <> sinüs
sinuous <> yılan
sinus <> arkar
sinus <> beyin
sinus <> boşlu
sinus <> burun
sinus <> kovuk
sinus <> oyuk
sinus <> sinüs
sinuses <> sinüs
sinusitis <> sinüz
sinusoidal <> sinüs
sinusoids <> sinüz
sip <> çekme
sip <> azar
sip <> bir 
sip <> yudum
sipe <> Sipe
sipes <> lamel
siphon <> çekme
siphon <> basın
siphon <> sıvı
siphon <> sifon
siphonage <> sifon
siphoned <> hortu
siphoning <> Sifon
siphons <> sifon
sipped <> yudum
sippers <> Sippe
sippet <> ekmek
sippet <> tirit
sippet <> yemeğ
sipping <> yudum
sips <> yudum
sir <> bayım
sir <> bay
sir <> beyef
sir <> efend
sir <> sör
sir <> sör 
sirdar <> serda
sire <> ata
sire <> aygır
sire <> baba
sire <> babas
sire <> efend
sire <> haşme
sire <> kralı
sired <> çocuğ
siren <> büyül
siren <> başta
siren <> deniz
siren <> semen
siren <> siren
sirene <> siren
sirenia <> Siren
sirenian <> semen
sirens <> siren
siri <> Siri
siris <> Siris
sirloin <> sığır
sirname <> Soyad
sirocco <> Akden
sirocco <> sirok
sirrah <> bayım
sirrah <> efend
sirs <> bayla
sirt <> Sirt
sirup <> şurup
sirup <> aşırı
sirup <> koyu
sis <> abla
sis <> kızka
sis <> sis
sisal <> sabır
sisal <> sisal
sise <> Şişe
siskin <> karab
siss <> KSS
sissies <> hanım
sissy <> hanım
sissy <> korka
sissy <> muhal
sister <> abla
sister <> hasta
sister <> hemşi
sister <> kızka
sister <> karde
sister <> rahib
sisterhood <> kızka
sisterhood <> karde
sisterhood <> rahib
sisterly <> abla
sisterly <> kızka
sisterly <> karde
sisterly <> sevec
sisters <> kız
sisyphus <> Sisif
sit <> binme
sit <> burnu
sit <> konma
sit <> kuluç
sit <> model
sit <> oturm
sit <> oturt
sit <> oturu
sit <> poz 
sit <> sınav
sit <> tünem
sit <> tam 
sit <> topla
sit <> yola
sitcom <> durum
site <> açmak
site <> konum
site <> mekân
site <> mevki
site <> oturt
site <> sahne
site <> site
site <> yer
site <> yerle
sites <> sitel
sith <> siir
siti <> Siti
siting <> yer
sits <> oturu
sitten <> Sitte
sitter <> çocuk
sitter <> bakıc
sitter <> kımıl
sitter <> kolay
sitter <> kuluç
sitter <> model
sitter <> otura
sitters <> otura
sitteth <> görül
sitting <> kuluç
sitting <> otura
sitting <> oturm
sitting <> oturu
sitting <> poz 
situate <> yerin
situate <> yerle
situated <> bulun
situated <> kurul
situated <> yerle
situating <> diyor
situation <> şartl
situation <> durum
situation <> görev
situation <> hal
situation <> konum
situation <> mevki
situation <> yer
situational <> durum
situationally <> durum
situations <> durum
situs <> durum
situs <> organ
situs <> yer
sivatherium <> Sivat
siver <> Gümüş
six <> altı
six <> altıl
sixers <> Sixer
sixes <> allak
sixfold <> altı
sixing <> Sixin
sixpence <> altı
sixteen <> on
sixteen <> on 
sixteenth <> on
sixteenth <> on 
sixth <> altıd
sixth <> altın
sixthly <> altın
sixties <> altmı
sixtieth <> altmı
sixty <> altmı
sizable <> büyük
sizable <> olduk
sizar <> okuld
size <> çiriş
size <> ölçü
size <> öneml
size <> şapka
size <> apre
size <> büyük
size <> beden
size <> boy
size <> boyut
size <> numar
size <> sertl
size <> tutka
sizeable <> büyük
sizeable <> olduk
sized <> boy
sized <> numar
sizer <> çiriş
sizer <> ahar
sizer <> apre
sizer <> ayırı
sizer <> boy 
sizer <> keres
sizes <> boyut
sizing <> boyut
sizzle <> çıtır
sizzle <> cızır
sizzle <> hışır
sizzler <> Sizzl
sizzlers <> Sizzl
sizzling <> cızır
sizzling <> cızbı
sizzling <> cayır
sjambok <> kırba
sjambok <> kamçı
skag <> 'skag
skald <> İskan
skald <> ozan
skalds <> Skald
skanking <> Skank
skare <> Skare
skate <> çemçe
skate <> kayma
skate <> paten
skate <> patin
skate <> tırpa
skateboard <> kayka
skateboarder <> kayka
skateboarders <> kayka
skateboarding <> kayka
skateboards <> kayka
skater <> paten
skater <> patin
skaters <> paten
skates <> paten
skating <> paten
skean <> süslü
skedaddle <> apar
skedaddle <> sıvış
skedaddle <> tüyme
skedaddle <> taban
skee <> Skee
skeet <> havay
skeeter <> Skeet
skein <> çile
skein <> araps
skein <> kanga
skein <> karma
skein <> kuşla
skein <> yumak
skeletal <> iskel
skeletally <> iskel
skeletology <> iskel
skeleton <> çatı
skeleton <> çekir
skeleton <> çerçe
skeleton <> çok 
skeleton <> iskel
skeleton <> tasla
skeleton <> temel
skeletonization <> iskel
skeletonize <> bir 
skeletonize <> iskel
skeletonize <> minim
skeletonize <> tasar
skeletonized <> iskel
skeletons <> iskel
skelly <> Skell
skelter <> topar
skene <> Skene
skep <> arı
skep <> arı 
skep <> kömür
skep <> sepet
skepsis <> Skeps
skeptic <> şüphe
skeptic <> Hrist
skeptic <> kuşku
skeptic <> septi
skeptical <> şüphe
skeptical <> inanç
skeptical <> kuşku
skeptical <> septi
skeptically <> kuşku
skepticism <> şüphe
skepticism <> kuşku
skepticism <> septi
skeptics <> şüphe
skerries <> Skerr
skerry <> kayal
sketch <> eskiz
sketch <> kısa
sketch <> kabac
sketch <> kabat
sketch <> kroki
sketch <> skeç
sketch <> tasla
sketchbook <> eskiz
sketchbooks <> Defte
sketched <> kabat
sketches <> skeçl
sketchiness <> üstün
sketchiness <> başta
sketchiness <> eksik
sketchiness <> kabat
sketchiness <> tasla
sketching <> çizim
sketchy <> üstün
sketchy <> başta
sketchy <> eksik
sketchy <> kabac
sketchy <> kabat
sketchy <> yarım
skew <> çarpı
skew <> üçgen
skew <> asime
skew <> eğikl
skew <> eğri
skew <> eğril
skew <> meyil
skew <> yamuk
skewbald <> karış
skewed <> eğik
skewed <> eğilm
skewed <> eğri
skewed <> yamuk
skewer <> şiş
skewer <> şişe
skewer <> şişle
skewered <> şiş
skewers <> şiş
skewing <> eğril
skewness <> çarpı
ski <> kayak
ski <> kayma
ski <> ski
skiagram <> röntg
skibob <> kayak
skid <> fren
skid <> kızak
skid <> patin
skid <> sağla
skid <> savru
skid <> takoz
skid <> yana
skidded <> kaydı
skidlid <> kask
skidlid <> motor
skidoo <> kızak
skidproof <> kayma
skidproof <> savru
skids <> kızak
skier <> kayak
skiers <> kayak
skies <> en 
skies <> gökle
skies <> gökyü
skies <> tepe
skiff <> hafif
skiff <> iskif
skiff <> kik
skiff <> yarış
skiffle <> Skiff
skiing <> kayak
skilful <> becer
skilful <> kabil
skilful <> marif
skilful <> usta
skilful <> ustal
skilful <> yeten
skilfully <> mahar
skill <> becer
skill <> hüner
skill <> kabil
skill <> mahar
skill <> marif
skill <> ustal
skill <> yeten
skilled <> becer
skilled <> eli 
skilled <> marif
skilled <> usta
skilled <> ustal
skilled <> vasıf
skilled <> yeten
skillet <> kızar
skillet <> saplı
skillet <> tava
skillets <> Skill
skillful <> becer
skillful <> hüner
skillful <> kabil
skillful <> usta
skillful <> ustal
skillful <> yeten
skillfully <> ustac
skillfulness <> becer
skilling <> skill
skills <> becer
skilly <> becer
skilly <> hüner
skilly <> su 
skilly <> yavan
skim <> göz 
skim <> köpüğ
skim <> kayar
skim <> kayma
skim <> sıyır
skim <> sekme
skim <> sekti
skim <> su 
skim <> yağın
skimmed <> yağsı
skimmer <> düzle
skimmer <> kepçe
skimmer <> kevgi
skimmer <> yarış
skimmers <> kevgi
skimming <> kayma
skimmings <> demir
skimmings <> köpük
skimmings <> kayma
skimmings <> sütün
skimp <> az
skimp <> az 
skimp <> cimri
skimp <> eksik
skimp <> kısma
skimp <> kıt
skimp <> yeter
skimpy <> az
skimpy <> cimri
skimpy <> eksik
skimpy <> kıt
skimpy <> yeter
skin <> cilt
skin <> cimri
skin <> dazla
skin <> deri
skin <> deris
skin <> kabuğ
skin <> kabuk
skin <> kapla
skin <> kazık
skin <> post
skin <> sıyır
skin <> soyma
skin <> ten
skin <> tulum
skin <> zar
skincare <> cilt
skinflicks <> seks
skinflint <> cimri
skinflint <> pinti
skinheads <> dazla
skink <> kum 
skink <> skink
skinless <> deris
skinned <> deri
skinned <> deril
skinned <> deris
skinned <> kabuk
skinned <> yüzül
skinner <> deri
skinners <> deril
skinning <> arayü
skinny <> çok 
skinny <> bir 
skinny <> cılız
skinny <> cimri
skinny <> derim
skinny <> eli 
skinny <> sıska
skint <> cebi
skint <> metel
skintight <> çok 
skintight <> darac
skintight <> vücud
skip <> antre
skip <> asmak
skip <> atlam
skip <> atlat
skip <> atlay
skip <> balık
skip <> bidon
skip <> hadem
skip <> kırma
skip <> kaçma
skip <> kapta
skip <> kayta
skip <> kova
skip <> menaj
skip <> sıçra
skip <> sekme
skip <> taşım
skip <> tekle
skip <> zıpla
skipjack <> bir 
skipjack <> kökku
skipjack <> kızıl
skipped <> atlan
skipper <> antre
skipper <> kapta
skipper <> menaj
skipper <> uskum
skippers <> Yarış
skipping <> atlam
skipping <> sıçra
skipping <> sekme
skipping <> zıpla
skips <> atlar
skirl <> çığlı
skirl <> gayda
skirmish <> çarpı
skirmish <> çatış
skirmish <> karşı
skirmisher <> çatış
skirmisher <> avcı
skirmishers <> avcı
skirmishes <> Çatış
skirt <> başta
skirt <> değin
skirt <> eksik
skirt <> etek
skirt <> etekl
skirt <> kenar
skirt <> varoş
skirted <> çevri
skirted <> etekl
skirting <> etekl
skirting <> kenar
skirting <> sınır
skirtings <> süpür
skirts <> etekl
skis <> kayak
skit <> dokun
skit <> espri
skit <> hiciv
skit <> parod
skit <> skit
skits <> Skits
skitter <> ok 
skitter <> sıçra
skitter <> seker
skitter <> su 
skitter <> suda
skittish <> ürkek
skittish <> ateşl
skittish <> azgın
skittish <> gergi
skittish <> hoppa
skittish <> oynak
skittish <> yaram
skittle <> dokuz
skittle <> kuka
skittles <> çelik
skittles <> dokuz
skittles <> lanet
skittles <> saçma
skive <> elmas
skive <> ince
skive <> kösel
skive <> kayta
skive <> traşl
skive <> yontm
skiver <> işini
skiver <> kösel
skiver <> kayta
skiver <> sahti
skivvy <> hizme
skiwear <> kayak
skoal <> Skoal
skol <> Skol
skoosh <> Giriş
skry <> Skry
skua <> yırtı
skulduggery <> üçkâğ
skulduggery <> hilek
skulduggery <> kompl
skulk <> fırsa
skulk <> gizle
skulk <> kötü
skulk <> kayta
skulk <> sinsi
skulk <> yan 
skulker <> kötü
skulker <> sakla
skulker <> sinsi
skulker <> yan 
skulking <> korka
skull <> kafat
skull <> kuruk
skullcap <> bere
skullcap <> kafat
skullcap <> takke
skullcaps <> takke
skullfuck <> Skull
skulls <> kafat
skunk <> aşağı
skunk <> alçak
skunk <> kokar
skunk <> mahve
skunk <> yenme
skunked <> Skunk
sky <> bölge
sky <> gök
sky <> gökyü
sky <> hava
sky <> havay
sky <> iklim
sky <> sema
sky <> yükse
sky <> yukar
skyblue <> gök 
skybox <> Skybo
skyclad <> Skycl
skycoach <> hava
skydive <> Skydi
skydiver <> paraş
skydivers <> yamaç
skydiving <> paraş
skydiving <> skydi
skyer <> Skyer
skyhook <> Skyho
skyhooks <> Skyho
skyjack <> hava
skyjack <> uçak
skyjacker <> hava
skyjacker <> uçak
skyjacking <> hava
skyjacking <> uçak
skylab <> gök 
skylark <> çocuk
skylark <> şamat
skylark <> muzip
skylark <> tarla
skylarking <> Skyla
skylight <> aydın
skylight <> tavan
skylight <> tepe
skylights <> tepe
skyline <> şehri
skyline <> ufuk
skylines <> silue
skylit <> Skyli
skyrocket <> birde
skyrocket <> fırla
skyrocket <> havai
skyrocketed <> fırla
skyrocketing <> hızla
skyrockets <> havai
skyscape <> gökyü
skyscapes <> gökyü
skyscrape <> skysc
skyscraper <> gökde
skyscrapers <> gökde
skywalk <> Skywa
skyward <> gökyü
skyward <> havay
skywards <> gökyü
skywards <> havay
skyway <> asma
skyway <> havay
skyways <> Skywa
skywriting <> havay
slab <> büyük
slab <> beton
slab <> beysb
slab <> gülün
slab <> hamde
slab <> kalın
slab <> levha
slab <> plâka
slab <> plaka
slabber <> salya
slabbers <> Slabb
slabs <> plaka
slack <> çözme
slack <> ağır
slack <> boşlu
slack <> durgu
slack <> durul
slack <> gayre
slack <> gevşe
slack <> halat
slack <> ihmal
slack <> kömür
slack <> kalom
slack <> kesat
slack <> koyve
slack <> laçka
slack <> mıymı
slack <> mola
slack <> söndü
slack <> tembe
slack <> tenef
slack <> toz 
slack <> uyuşu
slack <> yavaş
slacken <> boşla
slacken <> durgu
slacken <> gevşe
slacken <> hız 
slacken <> koyve
slacken <> laçka
slacken <> söndü
slacken <> sakin
slacken <> tembe
slacken <> yavaş
slackening <> gevşe
slacker <> miski
slacker <> tembe
slacker <> uyuşu
slackers <> Slack
slacking <> Kayta
slackness <> boşlu
slackness <> durgu
slackness <> gevşe
slackness <> kesat
slackness <> miski
slackness <> tembe
slacks <> bol
slacks <> bol 
slag <> basit
slag <> cüruf
slag <> dışık
slag <> fahiş
slag <> kömür
slag <> mucur
slaggy <> cüruf
slags <> cüruf
slaid <> Slaid
slain <> öldür
slainte <> Slain
slake <> gider
slake <> söndü
slaked <> sönmü
slaking <> söndü
slalom <> slalo
slalom <> zikza
slam <> çarpa
slam <> çarpm
slam <> çat
slam <> şelem
slam <> acıma
slam <> bam
slam <> fırça
slam <> fark
slam <> güm
slam <> sövme
slam <> sayı
slam <> verya
slam <> yenme
slam <> yerde
slammed <> çarpt
slammer <> Slamm
slander <> çamur
slander <> iftir
slander <> kötül
slander <> kara
slander <> yerme
slandered <> iftir
slanderer <> iftir
slanderer <> kötül
slandering <> İftir
slanderous <> iftir
slanderous <> kötül
slanderous <> karal
slanders <> iftir
slang <> argo
slang <> azarl
slang <> küfre
slang <> mesle
slangy <> argo
slangy <> argol
slangy <> küfür
slank <> Slank
slant <> çarpı
slant <> bakış
slant <> eğikl
slant <> eğili
slant <> eğim
slant <> eğiml
slant <> eğmek
slant <> eğril
slant <> göz 
slant <> meyil
slant <> sapma
slant <> yönel
slanted <> eğiml
slanting <> eğik
slanting <> eğili
slanting <> eğri
slanting <> meyil
slanting <> verev
slants <> yatık
slantways <> çapra
slantways <> meyil
slantways <> verev
slantwise <> çapra
slantwise <> meyil
slantwise <> verev
slap <> çıkış
slap <> çarpm
slap <> çatma
slap <> şamar
slap <> şapla
slap <> anide
slap <> ansız
slap <> azarl
slap <> birde
slap <> hızla
slap <> hakar
slap <> pat 
slap <> sille
slap <> surat
slap <> tokat
slap <> yüzün
slapdash <> başta
slapdash <> düşün
slapdash <> kayıt
slapdash <> lakay
slapdash <> umurs
slaphappy <> şaşkı
slaphappy <> derts
slaphappy <> kendi
slaphappy <> neşel
slaphappy <> serse
slapjack <> krep
slapjack <> tatlı
slapped <> tokat
slapper <> kesic
slapping <> tokat
slaps <> tokat
slapshot <> Slaps
slapstick <> şakşa
slapstick <> hokka
slapstick <> kaba
slash <> ağır
slash <> aşırı
slash <> kılıç
slash <> kırba
slash <> kamçı
slash <> kesik
slash <> kesin
slash <> kesme
slash <> orman
slash <> rasge
slash <> uzun
slash <> yırtı
slash <> yırtm
slash <> yara
slash <> yarma
slashed <> indir
slashes <> bölü
slashing <> çok 
slashing <> şidde
slashing <> ağır
slashing <> acıma
slashing <> engel
slashing <> imha
slashing <> mani
slashing <> muhte
slashing <> tahri
slat <> çıta
slat <> lata
slat <> tiriz
slate <> önerm
slate <> şidde
slate <> aday
slate <> arduv
slate <> azarl
slate <> barut
slate <> belir
slate <> cezal
slate <> film
slate <> kınam
slate <> karar
slate <> kayağ
slate <> yazı
slated <> aday
slater <> arduv
slates <> arduv
slatey <> arduv
slatey <> barut
slather <> çok 
slather <> bolca
slather <> har
slather <> har 
slather <> kalın
slathers <> çok
slathers <> çok 
slathers <> bol 
slating <> ağır
slating <> azar
slating <> eleşt
slating <> sert
slats <> kıç
slats <> kabur
slatted <> çıtal
slattern <> hırpa
slattern <> pasak
slattern <> sürtü
slatternly <> hırpa
slatternly <> pasak
slattery <> Slatt
slaty <> arduv
slaty <> barut
slaughter <> boğaz
slaughter <> bozgu
slaughter <> kılıç
slaughter <> kırım
slaughter <> kıyım
slaughter <> kan 
slaughter <> katle
slaughter <> katli
slaughter <> kesim
slaughter <> kesme
slaughter <> mahve
slaughter <> toplu
slaughtered <> katle
slaughterer <> kasap
slaughterer <> katil
slaughterhouse <> kıyım
slaughterhouse <> kesim
slaughterhouse <> mezba
slaughterhouse <> toplu
slaughterhouses <> mezba
slaughtering <> Kesim
slaughters <> katli
slave <> didin
slave <> eşek
slave <> esir
slave <> köle
slave <> kul
slaver <> ağzın
slaver <> esir
slaver <> köle
slaver <> kölec
slaver <> salya
slaver <> yalta
slavers <> köle
slavery <> ağır
slavery <> angar
slavery <> esare
slavery <> esir
slavery <> kölel
slavery <> kullu
slaves <> köle
slavey <> hizme
slaving <> köle
slavish <> aşağı
slavish <> adi
slavish <> köle
slavish <> köpek
slavish <> tıpat
slavishly <> körü
slavishness <> adili
slavishness <> dalka
slavishness <> köpek
slavishness <> körü
slaw <> lahan
slay <> öldür
slay <> katle
slay <> katli
slayer <> katil
slayers <> Slaye
slaying <> cinay
slayings <> cinay
slays <> katle
sleaves <> kölel
sleazy <> çürük
sleazy <> adi
sleazy <> hırpa
sleazy <> kılık
sleazy <> kalit
sled <> kızak
sledding <> kızak
sledge <> balyo
sledge <> dövme
sledge <> kızağ
sledge <> kızak
sledgehammer <> çok 
sledgehammer <> şidde
sledgehammer <> balyo
sledgehammer <> yıkıc
sledges <> kızak
sleds <> kızak
sleek <> şık
sleek <> besil
sleek <> biçim
sleek <> düzle
sleek <> göste
sleek <> ipek
sleek <> kaypa
sleek <> pürüz
sleek <> pırıl
sleek <> parla
sleek <> perda
sleek <> yüze
sleek <> yağcı
sleeker <> şık
sleekest <> en
sleekness <> düzgü
sleekness <> parla
sleep <> çok 
sleep <> ölüm
sleep <> fırıl
sleep <> gecel
sleep <> kış 
sleep <> kalma
sleep <> uyku
sleep <> uyukl
sleep <> uyuma
sleep <> yatac
sleeper <> çıkış
sleeper <> bekle
sleeper <> pijam
sleeper <> sürüm
sleeper <> trave
sleeper <> uyku
sleeper <> uykuc
sleeper <> uyuya
sleeper <> yatak
sleepers <> uyuya
sleepily <> uykul
sleepiness <> durgu
sleepiness <> iyi 
sleepiness <> uykul
sleepiness <> uykus
sleepiness <> uyukl
sleeping <> uyku
sleeping <> uyuma
sleeping <> uyuta
sleeping <> uyuya
sleepless <> dikka
sleepless <> huzur
sleepless <> uyanı
sleepless <> uykus
sleeplessness <> dikka
sleeplessness <> huzur
sleeplessness <> uyanı
sleeplessness <> uykus
sleepovers <> Sleep
sleeps <> uyur
sleepwalker <> uyurg
sleepwalkers <> Sleep
sleepwalking <> uyurg
sleepwalks <> uyurg
sleepwear <> pijam
sleepy <> çürüm
sleepy <> durgu
sleepy <> harek
sleepy <> mıymı
sleepy <> mahmu
sleepy <> miski
sleepy <> uyku
sleepy <> uykul
sleepy <> uykus
sleepy <> uyuşu
sleepyhead <> ayakt
sleepyhead <> uykul
sleet <> karla
sleet <> sulu
sleet <> sulus
sleety <> sulu
sleety <> sulus
sleeve <> ek 
sleeve <> kol
sleeve <> kol 
sleeve <> yen
sleeve <> zıvan
sleeved <> kollu
sleeveless <> kolsu
sleeves <> kollu
sleeving <> sleev
sleigh <> atlı
sleighs <> kızak
sleight <> aldat
sleight <> becer
sleight <> el 
sleight <> hokka
sleight <> ustal
slender <> az
slender <> ince
slender <> narin
slender <> sınır
slender <> ufak
slender <> yeter
slenderize <> incel
slenderizing <> İncel
slenderness <> anca
slenderness <> incel
slenderness <> kısıt
slenderness <> kuvve
slenderness <> narin
slenderness <> yeter
slept <> uyudu
sles <> SLES
sleuth <> detek
sleuth <> hafiy
sleuth <> iz 
sleuth <> polis
sleuth <> takip
sleuthhound <> polis
slew <> çevir
slew <> çok 
slew <> batak
slew <> döndü
slew <> dönme
slew <> devir
slew <> devre
slew <> fazla
slew <> yığın
slice <> bölme
slice <> biçme
slice <> dilim
slice <> dilme
slice <> hisse
slice <> kesme
slice <> pay
slice <> servi
slice <> spatu
sliced <> dilim
slicer <> dilim
slicers <> dilim
slices <> dilim
slicing <> dilim
slicing <> dilme
slicing <> doğra
slicings <> doğra
slick <> çabuc
slick <> şeyta
slick <> becer
slick <> düz
slick <> düzel
slick <> düzgü
slick <> düzle
slick <> hemen
slick <> kalit
slick <> kayga
slick <> kuşe
slick <> kurna
slick <> purüz
slick <> tam
slick <> usta
slick <> ustac
slickenside <> Kayga
slickensides <> kayıd
slicker <> şık 
slicker <> yağmu
slickers <> Slick
slid <> kaydı
slide <> agraf
slide <> akıp
slide <> dia
slide <> heyel
slide <> kötü
slide <> kızak
slide <> kayış
slide <> kayak
slide <> kaybo
slide <> kaydı
slide <> kayma
slide <> lâm
slide <> paten
slide <> sürgü
slide <> sıvış
slide <> slayt
slide <> toka
slide <> topra
slider <> kayma
sliders <> sürgü
slides <> slayt
slideshow <> Slayt
slideshows <> Slide
slideway <> kızak
slideways <> kızak
sliding <> değiş
sliding <> harek
sliding <> kızak
sliding <> kayış
sliding <> kayan
sliding <> kayma
sliding <> sürgü
slieve <> Sliev
slight <> önems
slight <> öyles
slight <> üstün
slight <> azıcı
slight <> belli
slight <> geçiş
slight <> hafif
slight <> hakar
slight <> hiçe
slight <> ihmal
slight <> küçük
slight <> karak
slight <> narin
slight <> onur
slight <> saygı
slight <> sudan
slight <> zayıf
slightest <> ufak
slightly <> çok 
slightly <> belli
slightly <> hafif
slightly <> kuvve
slightness <> önems
slightness <> hafif
slightness <> incel
slightness <> kuvve
slightness <> narin
slights <> küçüm
slik <> Slik
slily <> çaktı
slily <> şeyta
slily <> el 
slily <> kurna
slily <> muzip
slily <> sinsi
slim <> azıcı
slim <> az
slim <> ince
slim <> incel
slim <> kilo
slim <> kurna
slim <> narin
slim <> rejim
slim <> yeter
slim <> zayıf
slime <> çamur
slime <> balçı
slime <> sümük
slime <> yağcı
slime <> yalta
slimily <> sümüğ
slimily <> salya
slimily <> yalta
sliminess <> kayga
sliminess <> sümük
sliminess <> yalta
sliminess <> yapış
slimline <> ince
slimmer <> ince
slimmest <> ince
slimming <> incel
slimming <> rejim
slimming <> zayıf
slimness <> azlık
slimness <> incel
slimness <> kıtlı
slimness <> narin
slimness <> yeter
slimness <> zayıf
slims <> Slims
slimy <> çamur
slimy <> balçı
slimy <> iğren
slimy <> iki 
slimy <> pis
slimy <> sümük
slimy <> yalta
sling <> askı
sling <> askıy
sling <> asmak
sling <> atmak
sling <> bocur
sling <> cinli
sling <> halat
sling <> kol 
sling <> sapan
sling <> sling
slingbacks <> arkas
slinger <> Sling
slings <> askıl
slingshot <> katap
slingshot <> mancı
slingshot <> sapan
slingshots <> sapan
slink <> erken
slink <> gizli
slink <> sinsi
slink <> yavru
slinky <> darac
slinky <> gizli
slinky <> sinsi
slinky <> vücud
slip <> çözül
slip <> çıta
slip <> aşı 
slip <> aksil
slip <> atlat
slip <> ayağı
slip <> erken
slip <> evlat
slip <> gaf
slip <> geçir
slip <> gemi
slip <> geril
slip <> gizli
slip <> hata
slip <> külot
slip <> kaçır
slip <> kaçma
slip <> kayış
slip <> kaybe
slip <> kaydı
slip <> kayma
slip <> koçan
slip <> sürçm
slip <> sıyır
slip <> salıv
slip <> serbe
slip <> tasma
slip <> topra
slip <> yanıl
slip <> yanlı
slip <> yastı
slipcase <> kitab
slipcase <> kitap
slipcover <> kılıf
slipcover <> kitab
slipform <> beton
slipforms <> Kayar
sliping <> Kayıp
slipknot <> ilmek
slipknot <> ilmik
slippage <> kayma
slipped <> kaymı
slipper <> teker
slipper <> terli
slippered <> terli
slipperiness <> güven
slipperiness <> kayga
slipperiness <> kaypa
slippers <> terli
slippery <> akıld
slippery <> güven
slippery <> hassa
slippery <> hatır
slippery <> kayan
slippery <> kayga
slippery <> kaypa
slippery <> zor 
slipping <> kayış
slipping <> kayma
slippy <> çabuc
slippy <> acele
slippy <> kayıc
slippy <> kayga
slips <> fişle
slipshod <> özens
slipshod <> başta
slipshod <> dikka
slipshod <> pasak
slipshod <> yarım
slipstream <> perva
slipstreaming <> tümle
slipstreams <> ekler
slipway <> gemi
slipway <> kızak
slipways <> k>
slit <> dar 
slit <> kesik
slit <> kesme
slit <> sökül
slit <> sökme
slit <> yırtı
slit <> yırtm
slit <> yarık
slit <> yarıl
slit <> yarma
slither <> kayar
slither <> kayma
slither <> sürün
slithered <> kayar
slithery <> kayıc
slithery <> kayan
slithery <> kayga
slitlamps <> biomi
slits <> yırtm
slitting <> dilme
sliven <> Slive
sliver <> şerit
sliver <> ince
sliver <> incec
sliver <> kıymı
sliver <> kıyma
sliver <> uzun
sliver <> yün 
slivered <> kıyıl
slivers <> şerit
sloan <> Sloan
slob <> çamur
slob <> kılık
slob <> pasak
slob <> serse
slob <> sevim
slobber <> ağzın
slobber <> aşırı
slobber <> salya
slobbery <> ıslak
slobbery <> aşırı
slobbery <> abart
slobbery <> salya
slobbery <> vıcık
sloe <> çakal
sloe <> karaç
sloe <> yaban
sloes <> çakal
slog <> çalış
slog <> çok 
slog <> dövme
slog <> gayre
slog <> hızlı
slog <> sert
slog <> vurma
slog <> yoruc
slog <> zahme
slog <> zorla
slogan <> parol
slogan <> reklâ
slogan <> savaş
slogan <> sloga
slogans <> sloga
slogger <> ağır
slogger <> eşek
slogger <> sert
slokas <> Sloka
sloop <> şalop
sloop <> küçük
slop <> çamur
slop <> ağzın
slop <> bol 
slop <> döküp
slop <> dökme
slop <> domuz
slop <> höpür
slop <> iğren
slop <> sıçra
slop <> suda
slope <> şev
slope <> şevle
slope <> bayır
slope <> eğim
slope <> eğiml
slope <> eğri
slope <> meyil
slope <> omuza
slope <> yamaç
slope <> yokuş
sloped <> eğiml
slopes <> yamaç
sloping <> şevli
sloping <> eğik
sloping <> eğiml
sloping <> eğri
sloping <> meyil
sloppiness <> çamur
sloppiness <> ıslak
sloppiness <> şapşa
sloppiness <> komik
sloppiness <> pasak
sloppy <> çamur
sloppy <> ıslak
sloppy <> cıvık
sloppy <> gülün
sloppy <> pasak
sloppy <> sulu
sloppy <> yarım
slops <> pis 
slops <> sulu
slops <> ucuz
slopshop <> ucuz
slopshop <> ucuzc
slosh <> çalka
slosh <> çamur
slosh <> eriye
slosh <> haşat
slosh <> içmek
slosh <> pesti
slosh <> sıçra
slosh <> suda
slosh <> sulu
sloshed <> kafas
sloshed <> sarho
slot <> av 
slot <> delik
slot <> geyik
slot <> oluk
slot <> oturt
slot <> sıra
slot <> yarık
slot <> yer
slot <> yerin
slot <> yerle
slot <> yiv
slot <> yolun
slot <> yuvas
sloth <> üşeng
sloth <> miski
sloth <> tembe
sloth <> uyuşu
sloth <> yakal
slothful <> üşeng
slothful <> miski
slothful <> tembe
slothful <> uyuşu
slots <> yuva
slotted <> olukl
slotter <> Slott
slotters <> zıvan
slotting <> yiv
slouch <> becer
slouch <> hımbı
slouch <> kambu
slouch <> omuzl
slouch <> sarkı
slouch <> sarkm
slouch <> tembe
slouching <> eğri
slouching <> gevşe
slouching <> hımbı
slouching <> kambu
slouching <> sarkı
slouching <> uyuşu
slouching <> uyuz
slouchy <> eğri
slouchy <> gevşe
slouchy <> hımbı
slouchy <> kambu
slouchy <> sarkı
slouchy <> uyuşu
slouchy <> uyuz
slough <> ölü 
slough <> üzünt
slough <> üzeri
slough <> batak
slough <> değiş
slough <> deri
slough <> gölet
slough <> gömle
slough <> kabuk
slough <> pul 
slough <> sıyrı
slough <> soyul
slough <> su 
slough <> umuts
sloughed <> soyul
sloughing <> deri
sloughy <> kabuk
sloven <> şapşa
sloven <> kılık
sloven <> pasak
slovenliness <> şapşa
slovenliness <> derbe
slovenly <> şapşa
slovenly <> başta
slovenly <> hırpa
slovenly <> kötü
slovenly <> kılık
slovenly <> pasak
slovenly <> sünep
slovenly <> savsa
slovenly <> yarım
slow <> ağır
slow <> eli 
slow <> geç
slow <> geç 
slow <> geri
slow <> hızı
slow <> kesat
slow <> sıkıc
slow <> uzun
slow <> yavaş
slowcoach <> ağırk
slowcoach <> geri
slowcoach <> manka
slowcoach <> miski
slowcoach <> uyuşu
slowdown <> ağırl
slowdown <> işi 
slowdown <> yavaş
slowdowns <> yavaş
slowed <> yavaş
slower <> yavaş
slowest <> yavaş
slowing <> yavaş
slowly <> ağır
slowly <> yavaş
slowness <> ağırl
slowness <> hafif
slowness <> yavaş
slowpoke <> ağırd
slowpoke <> ağırk
slowpoke <> anlam
slowpoke <> mıymı
slowpoke <> manka
slowpoke <> uyuşu
slowpokes <> Slowp
slows <> yavaş
slowworm <> köryı
slub <> az
slub <> az 
slub <> eğirm
sludge <> kirli
sludge <> lâgım
sludge <> parça
sludge <> sulu
sludge <> vıcık
sludge <> yapış
sludges <> çamur
sludgy <> çamur
sludgy <> vıcık
slue <> çevir
slue <> çok 
slue <> büyük
slue <> döndü
slue <> dönme
slue <> devre
slug <> bir 
slug <> işlen
slug <> kütle
slug <> kabuk
slug <> kesme
slug <> linot
slug <> mıymı
slug <> sümük
slug <> sahte
slug <> sert
slug <> tembe
slugabed <> çok
slugabed <> çok 
slugabed <> yatak
sluggard <> miski
sluggard <> tembe
sluggard <> uykuc
slugger <> sert
slugger <> yumru
sluggish <> ağır
sluggish <> ağırk
sluggish <> cansı
sluggish <> halsi
sluggish <> mıymı
sluggish <> mızmı
sluggish <> miski
sluggish <> sıkıc
sluggish <> tembe
sluggishness <> cansı
sluggishness <> tembe
sluggishness <> uyuşu
slughorn <> Slugh
slugs <> sümük
sluice <> çok 
sluice <> akmak
sluice <> bent
sluice <> bentl
sluice <> bol 
sluice <> savak
sluice <> su 
sluice <> yıkam
sluiceway <> savak
slum <> fakir
slum <> gecek
slum <> kenar
slum <> yoksu
slumber <> pinek
slumber <> uyukl
slumber <> uyuma
slumbering <> Uyuya
slumberland <> Slumb
slumberous <> pinek
slumberous <> uykuc
slumberous <> uyukl
slumberous <> uyuya
slumbers <> pinek
slumbers <> uyku
slumbers <> uyukl
slump <> çökme
slump <> ani 
slump <> birde
slump <> düşme
slump <> durgu
slump <> ekono
slump <> kayma
slump <> pat 
slump <> topra
slumped <> yığıl
slumping <> topra
slums <> fakir
slums <> gecek
slums <> kenar
slung <> asılm
slur <> ağzın
slur <> ayıp
slur <> hakar
slur <> iç 
slur <> iki 
slur <> kötü
slur <> karga
slur <> kirle
slur <> leke
slur <> lekel
slur <> notal
slur <> okuna
slur <> ses 
slurp <> şapır
slurp <> ağzın
slurp <> höpür
slurping <> Slurp
slurries <> çamur
slurring <> sürçm
slurry <> bulam
slush <> çalka
slush <> çamur
slush <> aşırı
slush <> bulaş
slush <> değer
slush <> eriye
slush <> kâğıt
slush <> makin
slush <> sıçra
slush <> suda
slush <> sulu
slush <> yağ
slush <> yağla
slushy <> çamur
slushy <> aşırı
slushy <> abart
slushy <> sulu
slushy <> vıcık
slut <> dişi
slut <> fahiş
slut <> küçük
slut <> kancı
slut <> orosp
slut <> pasak
slut <> pis 
slut <> sürtü
sluttish <> hırpa
sluttish <> pasak
sluttish <> pis
sly <> şeyta
sly <> kurna
sly <> muzip
sly <> sinsi
sly <> tilki
slyboots <> akıl
slyboots <> kurna
slyly <> sinsi
slyness <> şeyta
slyness <> hile
slyness <> kurna
slyness <> sinsi
smack <> şak
smack <> şakla
smack <> şamar
smack <> şapır
smack <> şap
smack <> şap 
smack <> şapla
smack <> canlı
smack <> doğru
smack <> hafif
smack <> iz
smack <> lezze
smack <> tümüy
smack <> tam 
smack <> tek 
smack <> tokat
smack <> tutam
smacker <> şapır
smacker <> şapla
smacker <> dolar
smacker <> sterl
smackers <> Smack
smacking <> şapır
smacking <> şidde
small <> önems
small <> arka
small <> az
small <> basit
small <> dar 
small <> fakir
small <> hafif
small <> küçüc
small <> küçük
small <> mütev
small <> mini
small <> minik
small <> sırad
small <> ufacı
small <> ufak
small <> zayıf
smaller <> daha
smaller <> küçük
smallest <> en
smallest <> en 
smallish <> küçüc
smallish <> küçük
smallish <> ufacı
smallish <> ufakç
smallmouth <> Small
smallness <> önems
smallness <> adili
smallness <> az 
smallness <> basit
smallness <> dar 
smallness <> küçük
smallness <> ufakl
smallpox <> çiçek
smalls <> iç
smalls <> iç 
smallsword <> flöre
smallsword <> ucu 
smalltime <> önems
smally <> Small
smalt <> kobal
smaragd <> Smara
smarmy <> sırna
smarmy <> sulu
smarmy <> yalak
smarmy <> yalta
smarmy <> zevk
smart <> öneml
smart <> şık
smart <> şidde
smart <> açıkg
smart <> ağrı
smart <> ağrım
smart <> acıma
smart <> akıll
smart <> anası
smart <> büyük
smart <> becer
smart <> canı
smart <> canlı
smart <> göste
smart <> güzel
smart <> hoş
smart <> kafas
smart <> keski
smart <> kurna
smart <> sızla
smart <> sert
smart <> ukalâ
smart <> uyanı
smart <> yakış
smart <> yanma
smart <> yeni
smart <> zeki
smartalec <> Smart
smarten <> üstün
smarten <> canla
smarten <> süsle
smarten <> sağın
smarter <> akıll
smartest <> zeki
smartie <> Smart
smarties <> Smart
smartly <> akıll
smartness <> şıklı
smartness <> şidde
smartness <> akıll
smartness <> becer
smartness <> eli 
smartness <> hazır
smartness <> kibar
smartness <> kurna
smartness <> uyanı
smartness <> zekil
smartness <> zerâf
smarts <> Smart
smarty <> çokbi
smarty <> bilmi
smarty <> ukalâ
smash <> çakıl
smash <> çarpı
smash <> çarpm
smash <> çatır
smash <> şangı
smash <> başar
smash <> bozgu
smash <> buzlu
smash <> ezmek
smash <> gürül
smash <> iflas
smash <> kırıl
smash <> kaza
smash <> mahve
smash <> mahvo
smash <> parça
smash <> param
smash <> sert
smash <> vurma
smash <> yenme
smashed <> fitil
smashed <> sarho
smashed <> uçmuş
smashed <> uyuşt
smasher <> darbe
smasher <> güzel
smasher <> kırıc
smasher <> müthi
smashers <> Smash
smashes <> çöker
smashing <> şidde
smashing <> ağır
smashing <> mükem
smashing <> müthi
smashing <> olağa
smatterer <> az 
smatterer <> yarım
smattering <> çat 
smattering <> az 
smattering <> yüzey
smear <> bulaş
smear <> iftir
smear <> kaybo
smear <> kir
smear <> kirle
smear <> lâm ü
smear <> leke
smear <> lekel
smear <> pisle
smear <> pisli
smear <> sürme
smear <> simir
smear <> smear
smear <> yağ 
smearcase <> saçma
smeared <> bulaş
smearing <> bulaş
smears <> smear
smeary <> lekel
smeary <> yağlı
smectic <> smekt
smectite <> smekt
smectites <> simek
smee <> Smee
smell <> hisse
smell <> ima
smell <> kötü
smell <> kokla
smell <> kokma
smell <> koku
smell <> kokus
smell <> pis 
smell <> sezme
smelled <> kokuy
smeller <> burun
smelling <> kokan
smelling <> kokla
smells <> kokuy
smelly <> kötü
smelly <> kokmu
smelly <> pis
smelly <> pis 
smelt <> arıtm
smelt <> döküm
smelt <> eritm
smelt <> gümüş
smelt <> osmer
smelted <> ergit
smelter <> döküm
smelter <> tasfi
smelters <> hatır
smeltery <> döküm
smelting <> döküm
smelting <> maden
smelts <> gümüş
smew <> beyaz
smew <> sütlâ
smilax <> sapar
smile <> gülüş
smile <> gülüm
smile <> gülme
smile <> parla
smile <> tebes
smiled <> gülüm
smilers <> Smile
smiles <> gülüm
smiles <> mutlu
smileys <> surat
smiling <> gülüm
smiling <> gülen
smiling <> güler
smiling <> tebes
smilingly <> gülüm
smir <> SMIR
smirch <> karal
smirch <> kir
smirch <> kirle
smirch <> leke
smirch <> lekel
smirk <> cezal
smirk <> pişmi
smirk <> sırıt
smirk <> yapma
smirk <> zorla
smirking <> sırıt
smite <> cezas
smite <> etkil
smite <> tutul
smite <> vurul
smite <> yakal
smiter <> Çarpı
smith <> demir
smith <> nalba
smither <> Smith
smithereens <> küçük
smithereens <> parça
smithers <> Smith
smithery <> demir
smithery <> nalba
smithies <> Smith
smithing <> Smith
smiths <> demir
smithsonian <> Smith
smithsonite <> Smits
smithy <> demir
smithy <> nalba
smits <> Smits
smitt <> Smitt
smitten <> abayı
smitten <> etkil
smitten <> tutul
smitten <> vurul
smitten <> yakal
smock <> önlük
smock <> büzgü
smock <> hamil
smock <> iş 
smocking <> büzgü
smocking <> petek
smocks <> Smock
smog <> duman
smokable <> içile
smoke <> afyon
smoke <> duman
smoke <> is 
smoke <> sigar
smoke <> tütme
smoke <> tütsü
smoke <> tüttü
smoked <> füme
smoked <> tütsü
smokehouse <> Smoke
smokeless <> duman
smokeproof <> duman
smoker <> Sigar
smoker <> sigar
smokers <> Sigar
smokes <> Duman
smokescreen <> sis 
smokestack <> baca
smokestacks <> bacal
smokey <> duman
smokiness <> tütsü
smoking <> duman
smoking <> sigar
smoking <> tüten
smoking <> tütme
smokings <> İçim
smoky <> duman
smoky <> koyu
smoky <> tüten
smolder <> duman
smolder <> için
smolder <> içten
smoldering <> yanan
smooch <> öpüşü
smooch <> öpüşe
smooch <> öpüşm
smoochy <> Smooc
smoosh <> Smoos
smoot <> Düzgü
smooth <> şık
smooth <> akıcı
smooth <> düz
smooth <> düzel
smooth <> düzgü
smooth <> düzle
smooth <> hoş
smooth <> huzur
smooth <> kolay
smooth <> mükem
smooth <> pürüz
smooth <> süt 
smooth <> sakin
smooth <> sinek
smooth <> tatlı
smooth <> yumuş
smoothbore <> yivsi
smoothe <> şık
smoothe <> akıcı
smoothe <> düz
smoothe <> düzel
smoothe <> düzgü
smoothe <> düzle
smoothe <> hoş
smoothe <> huzur
smoothe <> kolay
smoothe <> mükem
smoothe <> pürüz
smoothe <> süt 
smoothe <> sakin
smoothe <> sinek
smoothe <> tatlı
smoothe <> yumuş
smoothed <> düzel
smoothened <> düzel
smoothening <> düzel
smoother <> pürüz
smoothes <> pürüz
smoothest <> akıcı
smoothie <> güler
smoothie <> iki
smoothie <> iki 
smoothie <> yüze
smoothing <> yumuş
smoothly <> düzgü
smoothly <> kolay
smoothly <> pürüz
smoothly <> sarsı
smoothly <> yumuş
smoothness <> akıcı
smoothness <> düzgü
smoothness <> kayga
smoothness <> pürüz
smoothness <> tatlı
smoothness <> yumuş
smooths <> pürüz
smote <> cezal
smother <> baskı
smother <> bastı
smother <> boğar
smother <> boğma
smother <> boğuc
smother <> boğul
smother <> kontr
smother <> yenil
smother <> yoğun
smothered <> boğul
smothering <> boğuy
smothers <> Smoth
smoulder <> duman
smoulder <> için
smoulder <> içten
smouldering <> yanan
smriti <> Smrit
smudge <> bulaş
smudge <> duman
smudge <> is 
smudge <> kara
smudge <> karal
smudge <> kirle
smudge <> lekel
smudge <> sinek
smudged <> lekel
smudger <> yayıc
smudges <> leke
smudging <> dağıl
smudgy <> isli
smudgy <> kirli
smudgy <> lekel
smug <> şık
smug <> kendi
smug <> temiz
smuggle <> gümrü
smuggle <> gizli
smuggle <> kaçak
smuggled <> kaçak
smuggler <> gümrü
smuggler <> kaçak
smugglers <> kaçak
smuggles <> Smugg
smuggling <> kaçır
smuggling <> kaçak
smugness <> kendi
smut <> açık
smut <> iftir
smut <> is
smut <> is 
smut <> kara
smut <> karal
smut <> kurum
smut <> pisli
smut <> sürme
smutch <> kara
smutch <> kirle
smutch <> koyu
smutch <> lekel
smutch <> pisle
smuts <> Smuts
smutty <> açık
smutty <> müste
smutty <> sürme
snack <> apera
snack <> hafif
snack <> meze
snack <> pay
snacking <> meze
snacks <> apera
snaffle <> aşırm
snaffle <> hafif
snaffle <> yürüt
snafu <> allak
snafu <> darma
snafu <> karış
snafu <> karma
snag <> çıkık
snag <> budak
snag <> engel
snag <> fırla
snag <> kırık
snag <> nehir
snag <> tökez
snag <> takıl
snag <> takma
snagged <> budak
snagged <> dibi
snagging <> TÜYLE
snaggy <> budak
snaggy <> dibi
snags <> kırıl
snail <> sümük
snail <> salya
snail <> uyuşu
snail <> yavaş
snails <> salya
snake <> Avrup
snake <> kıvrı
snake <> yılan
snakebit <> Snake
snakebite <> yılan
snakebites <> yılan
snakehead <> yılan
snakelike <> yılan
snakepit <> Snake
snakes <> yılan
snakeskin <> yılan
snaky <> hain
snaky <> sinsi
snaky <> yılan
snap <> çıkış
snap <> çıtçı
snap <> çarpa
snap <> çarpm
snap <> çatır
snap <> çat
snap <> çat 
snap <> ısırm
snap <> şıkla
snap <> şak
snap <> şakla
snap <> şipşa
snap <> ani
snap <> ani 
snap <> anlık
snap <> bekle
snap <> birde
snap <> enerj
snap <> gayre
snap <> havad
snap <> içind
snap <> kırıl
snap <> kırma
snap <> kolay
snap <> kopça
snap <> kopar
snap <> kopma
snap <> pat 
snap <> patla
snap <> sürpr
snap <> snap
snap <> tersl
snap <> zence
snapdragon <> Noeld
snapdragon <> aslan
snape <> Snape
snapped <> tersl
snappers <> çıtçı
snapping <> yapış
snappish <> aksi
snappish <> alayc
snappish <> gıcık
snappish <> huysu
snappish <> kızgı
snappish <> ukalâ
snappy <> çabuk
snappy <> şık
snappy <> atik
snappy <> canlı
snappy <> hızlı
snappy <> hazır
snappy <> kıpır
snappy <> yerin
snaps <> ensta
snapshot <> şipşa
snapshot <> ani 
snapshot <> ensta
snapshot <> nişan
snapshots <> ensta
snare <> kıska
snare <> kapan
snare <> tramp
snare <> tuzağ
snare <> tuzak
snares <> tuzak
snarf <> Snarf
snark <> Snark
snarl <> araps
snarl <> birbi
snarl <> hırıl
snarl <> hırla
snarl <> homur
snarl <> karış
snarl <> karga
snarl <> karma
snarl <> keşme
snarl <> söyle
snarl <> sinir
snarled <> hırla
snarling <> hırıl
snarling <> hırla
snatch <> çabuc
snatch <> çok 
snatch <> am
snatch <> an
snatch <> cinse
snatch <> fırsa
snatch <> ilişk
snatch <> kısa
snatch <> kaçır
snatch <> kadın
snatch <> kapış
snatch <> kapma
snatch <> kopar
snatch <> kuku
snatch <> parça
snatch <> yakal
snatch <> zorla
snatched <> kaptı
snatcher <> hırsı
snatchers <> Snatc
snatches <> kesik
snatching <> kapış
snatching <> kapma
snatchy <> ara 
snatchy <> düzen
snatchy <> kısa
snazzy <> şık
snazzy <> moday
snead <> Snead
sneads <> Snead
sneak <> çalma
sneak <> alçak
sneak <> gamma
sneak <> gizli
sneak <> ispiy
sneak <> korka
sneak <> sessi
sneak <> sinsi
sneak <> yürüt
sneakers <> gamma
sneakers <> lasti
sneakers <> spor
sneaking <> alçak
sneaking <> gizli
sneaking <> hırsı
sneaking <> içten
sneaking <> korka
sneaking <> sinsi
sneakingly <> alçak
sneakingly <> gizli
sneakingly <> içten
sneakingly <> korka
sneakingly <> sinsi
sneaks <> Sneak
sneaky <> alçak
sneaky <> gizli
sneaky <> hırsı
sneaky <> içten
sneaky <> korka
sneaky <> sinsi
sneed <> Sneed
sneer <> alay
sneer <> alayl
sneer <> gülme
sneer <> küçüm
sneerer <> alayc
sneerer <> küçüm
sneering <> alayc
sneering <> küçüm
sneers <> dudak
sneeze <> aksır
sneeze <> hapşı
sneezed <> hapşı
sneezes <> hapşı
sneezing <> hapşı
sneezy <> merak
snell <> Snell
snelling <> Snell
snick <> çenti
snick <> çentm
snick <> kesik
snick <> kesme
snicker <> gülme
snicker <> kıs
snicker <> kıs 
snicker <> kişne
snickered <> kıkır
snickering <> kıs
snickering <> kıs 
snickers <> Snick
snickersnee <> büyük
snicket <> Snick
snide <> art 
snide <> küçüm
snide <> sahte
snide <> takli
snider <> Snide
sniff <> çekil
sniff <> burnu
sniff <> burun
sniff <> kokla
sniff <> kokus
sniff <> sezme
sniffed <> kokla
sniffers <> kokla
sniffing <> kokla
sniffle <> burnu
sniffle <> burun
sniffles <> nezle
sniffling <> burnu
sniffs <> burnu
sniffy <> burnu
sniffy <> kötü
sniffy <> kendi
sniffy <> kibir
sniffy <> pis 
snifter <> balon
snifter <> bir
snifter <> bir 
snifter <> kanya
snigger <> gülme
snigger <> kıs 
snigger <> kişne
sniggering <> kıs
sniggering <> kıs 
snip <> çok 
snip <> önems
snip <> kelep
snip <> kolay
snip <> makas
snip <> zımba
snipe <> batak
snipe <> gizle
snipe <> siper
snipe <> su
snipe <> su 
sniper <> gizle
sniper <> keski
sniper <> pusuc
sniper <> siper
snipers <> keski
snipes <> Snipe
sniping <> Snipi
snipper <> Snipp
snippet <> makas
snippet <> pasaj
snippets <> bölük
snippets <> parça
snippets <> ufak
snipping <> Snipp
snitch <> çalma
snitch <> aşırm
snitch <> fitne
snitch <> hakkı
snitch <> ispiy
snivel <> ağlam
snivel <> ağlay
snivel <> burnu
snivel <> burun
snivel <> numar
snivel <> sümük
sniveler <> ağlay
sniveling <> çabuk
sniveling <> ağlam
sniveling <> ağlay
sniveling <> acına
sniveling <> burun
sniveller <> ağlay
snivelling <> çabuk
snivelling <> ağlam
snivelling <> ağlay
snivelling <> acına
snivelling <> burun
snob <> snob
snob <> züppe
snobbery <> züppe
snobbish <> snob
snobbish <> züppe
snobby <> Züppe
snobs <> Snobs
snoek <> ıskar
snog <> öpüşü
snog <> sarma
snood <> kurde
snood <> saç
snood <> saç 
snook <> nanik
snook <> zarga
snooker <> bir 
snooker <> snook
snookered <> köşey
snookered <> yenil
snooks <> Snook
snoop <> burnu
snoop <> gizli
snoop <> hafiy
snoop <> her 
snoop <> merak
snooper <> Snoop
snooping <> her
snooping <> her 
snoopy <> her 
snoopy <> merak
snoot <> burun
snoot <> surat
snoot <> yüz
snootiness <> kibir
snooty <> küçüm
snooty <> kendi
snooty <> kibir
snooty <> mağru
snooty <> teped
snooze <> şeker
snooze <> kısa
snooze <> kesti
snooze <> uyukl
snooze <> uyuma
snoozer <> Snooz
snore <> horla
snore <> horul
snorer <> horla
snorers <> horla
snoring <> gırgı
snorkel <> şnork
snorkeling <> şnork
snorkelling <> şnork
snorkels <> şnork
snort <> öfkey
snort <> burnu
snort <> homur
snorted <> homur
snorter <> burnu
snorter <> fırtı
snorter <> gürül
snorter <> mükem
snorter <> tok 
snorty <> küçük
snot <> aşağı
snot <> sümük
snotty <> öfkel
snotty <> aşağı
snotty <> asteğ
snotty <> kendi
snotty <> sümük
snout <> ön 
snout <> burun
snout <> duy
snout <> hortu
snout <> ispiy
snout <> kovan
snout <> muhbi
snout <> tütün
snouted <> burun
snow <> abart
snow <> eroin
snow <> kar
snow <> kar 
snow <> karla
snow <> kokai
snowball <> çığ 
snowball <> gitgi
snowball <> gitti
snowball <> karto
snowballing <> dönem
snowballs <> karto
snowbank <> kar
snowbank <> kar 
snowbell <> Snowb
snowberry <> inci
snowbird <> eroin
snowbird <> kar 
snowbird <> kokai
snowblind <> kar 
snowboard <> Snowb
snowboarder <> Snowb
snowboarding <> snowb
snowboards <> Snowb
snowbound <> karda
snowbreak <> SnowB
snowcap <> kolib
snowcapped <> karlı
snowcapped <> karla
snowdrift <> rüzgâ
snowdrifts <> kar
snowdrop <> karde
snowdrops <> karde
snowed <> yağmı
snowfall <> kar
snowfall <> kar 
snowfall <> yağış
snowfalls <> kar
snowfield <> sürek
snowfields <> karlı
snowflake <> iri 
snowflake <> kar
snowflake <> kar 
snowflake <> kuşba
snowflakes <> kar
snowing <> kar
snowmaking <> Yapay
snowman <> karda
snowmelt <> kar
snowmen <> karda
snowmobile <> kar 
snowmobile <> karmo
snowmobiles <> kar
snowpack <> kar
snowplough <> kar 
snowplough <> kayak
snowploughs <> Kar 
snowplow <> kar
snowplow <> kar 
snowplow <> kayak
snows <> kar
snows <> kar 
snowshed <> Snows
snowshoe <> kar
snowshoe <> kar 
snowshoes <> kar
snowshoes <> kar 
snowslide <> çığ
snowslip <> çığ
snowstorm <> kar
snowstorm <> kar 
snowstorm <> tipi
snowstorms <> kar
snowwhite <> Snoww
snowy <> kar 
snowy <> karlı
snub <> haddi
snub <> hakar
snub <> kötü
snub <> küçük
snub <> kalkı
snub <> tersl
snub <> yönün
snubber <> Snubb
snuff <> burnu
snuff <> enfiy
snuff <> kokla
snuff <> kokus
snuff <> mum 
snuff <> yanmı
snuffbox <> enfiy
snuffed <> ölmüş
snuffer <> Snuff
snuffers <> mum
snuffers <> mum 
snuffle <> burnu
snuffle <> gürül
snuffle <> geniz
snuffle <> hırıl
snuffle <> kokla
snuffle <> sesli
snuffles <> nezle
snuffy <> aksi
snuffy <> düzen
snuffy <> enfiy
snuffy <> ters
snug <> bakım
snug <> camad
snug <> düzen
snug <> dar
snug <> darac
snug <> güven
snug <> gizli
snug <> küçük
snug <> kuytu
snug <> rahat
snug <> sıcac
snug <> saklı
snug <> yeter
snuggery <> çalış
snuggery <> özel
snuggery <> kuytu
snuggle <> kıvrı
snuggle <> kucak
snuggle <> sarıl
snuggle <> sarın
snuggle <> sokul
snuggle <> yanın
snuggles <> Snugg
snuggly <> kuytu
sny <> SNY
so <> çok
so <> öyle
so <> öylek
so <> şöyle
so <> -ması
so <> aynen
so <> böyle
so <> bu
so <> bu 
so <> da
so <> de
so <> demek
so <> diye
so <> için
so <> kadar
so <> o 
so <> pek
so <> sol
so <> yani
soak <> çekme
soak <> çok 
soak <> ıslan
soak <> ıslat
soak <> alkol
soak <> ayyaş
soak <> banma
soak <> demle
soak <> emme
soak <> emmek
soak <> içkic
soak <> kazık
soak <> sırıl
soak <> sağan
soak <> sarho
soak <> suya
soak <> yumru
soakage <> çekti
soakage <> ıslan
soakage <> ıslat
soaked <> batır
soaker <> sağan
soaking <> ilikl
soaks <> ıslat
soap <> sabun
soapbox <> sabun
soapbox <> sandı
soapbox <> sokak
soapiness <> dalka
soapiness <> sabun
soapiness <> yağcı
soaping <> sabun
soapless <> Sabun
soaps <> sabun
soapstone <> sabun
soapsuds <> köpük
soapsuds <> sabun
soapwort <> Çöğen
soapy <> dalka
soapy <> sabun
soapy <> yağcı
soar <> artma
soar <> dimdi
soar <> fırla
soar <> gözü
soar <> göz 
soar <> havad
soar <> süzül
soar <> tırma
soar <> uçmak
soar <> yükse
soaraway <> Uzun
soared <> yükse
soares <> Soare
soaring <> havad
soaring <> ideal
soaring <> tırma
soaring <> yüce
soaring <> yükse
soave <> Soave
sob <> hıçkı
sob <> iç 
sobbed <> hıçkı
sobbing <> hıçkı
sobbingly <> hıçkı
sober <> ölçül
sober <> ağırb
sober <> aşırı
sober <> aklın
sober <> akla
sober <> ayılt
sober <> ciddi
sober <> göste
sober <> içkid
sober <> makul
sober <> mat
sober <> sade
sobered <> ciddi
sobering <> ayılm
sobersides <> aşırı
sobersides <> fazla
sobriety <> ağırb
sobriety <> itida
sobriquet <> lakap
sobriquet <> takma
sobs <> hıçkı
socage <> dereb
soccage <> dereb
soccer <> futbo
sociability <> giriş
sociability <> sokul
sociability <> sosya
sociable <> çevre
sociable <> arkad
sociable <> divan
sociable <> eğlen
sociable <> fayto
sociable <> giriş
sociable <> hoşso
sociable <> iki 
sociable <> kilis
sociable <> sokul
sociable <> sosya
sociable <> toplu
social <> kilis
social <> sosya
social <> toplu
socialisation <> kamul
socialisation <> sosya
socialise <> kamul
socialise <> kayna
socialise <> sohbe
socialise <> sosya
socialised <> sosya
socialising <> sosya
socialism <> sosya
socialism <> toplu
socialisms <> sosya
socialist <> sosya
socialist <> toplu
socialistic <> sosya
socialists <> sosya
socialite <> sosye
socialites <> sosye
sociality <> toplu
socialization <> kamul
socialization <> sosya
socialize <> kamul
socialize <> kayna
socialize <> sohbe
socialize <> sosya
socialized <> sosya
socializer <> Socia
socializing <> sosya
socially <> sosya
sociation <> aras>
societal <> toplu
societies <> toplu
society <> çevre
society <> derne
society <> sosye
society <> toplu
sociobiology <> socio
sociocultural <> sosyo
socioculturally <> sosyo
sociodemographic <> sosyo
sociodemographics <> Sosyo
socioeconomic <> sosyo
socioeconomically <> sosyo
socioeconomics <> sosyo
sociolinguistic <> sosyo
sociolinguistics <> toplu
sociologic <> sosyo
sociological <> sosyo
sociologically <> sosyo
sociologist <> sosyo
sociologist <> toplu
sociologists <> sosyo
sociology <> sosyo
sociology <> toplu
sociometric <> sosyo
sociometry <> sosyo
sociopath <> sosyo
sociopathic <> sosyo
sociopolitical <> sosyo
sock <> çorap
sock <> ayakk
sock <> dövme
sock <> dayak
sock <> kısa
sock <> manta
sock <> soket
sock <> tokat
sock <> vurma
sock <> vuruş
socker <> Socke
socket <> duy
socket <> göz 
socket <> kovan
socket <> oyuk
socket <> priz
socket <> soket
socketed <> soket
sockets <> soket
socks <> çorap
socle <> kaide
socle <> temel
socs <> SoCs
sod <> çim
sod <> çimen
sod <> çimle
sod <> herif
sod <> homos
sod <> ibne
sod <> oğlan
soda <> gazlı
soda <> gazoz
soda <> kola
soda <> soda
sodas <> gazlı
sodden <> çok 
sodden <> anlam
sodden <> fitil
sodden <> hamur
sodden <> sırıl
sodden <> sarho
soddy <> Soddy
sodic <> sodik
sodium <> sodyu
sodom <> Sodom
sodomise <> sodom
sodomised <> Sodom
sodomising <> sodom
sodomist <> sodom
sodomite <> homos
sodomite <> oğlan
sodomize <> Sodom
sodomized <> Sodom
sodomy <> cinse
sodomy <> homos
sodomy <> oğlan
soes <> KİT'l
soever <> her
soever <> her 
soever <> herha
sofa <> kanep
sofa <> sedir
sofabed <> çekya
sofabed <> yatak
sofar <> Bugün
sofas <> kanep
sofer <> Sofer
soffit <> üst
soffit <> üst 
soffit <> kemer
soft <> ılıma
soft <> ahmak
soft <> alkol
soft <> belli
soft <> budal
soft <> cıvık
soft <> hafif
soft <> kafas
soft <> müşfi
soft <> manka
soft <> pes
soft <> sıvı
soft <> sevgi
soft <> sulu
soft <> tatlı
soft <> uysal
soft <> yavaş
soft <> yumuş
softa <> Softa
softball <> beysb
softball <> softb
soften <> gönlü
soften <> gevşe
soften <> kısma
soften <> sindi
soften <> yatış
soften <> yumuş
soften <> zayıf
softened <> yumuş
softener <> yumuş
softeners <> yumuş
softening <> beyin
softening <> yumuş
softens <> yumuş
softer <> yumuş
softest <> yumuş
softhead <> aptal
softhead <> manka
softhearted <> merha
softhearted <> yufka
softie <> yufka
softies <> Softi
softing <> Softi
softly <> usulc
softner <> Yumuş
softness <> cıvık
softness <> gevşe
softness <> sevec
softness <> tatlı
softness <> uysal
softness <> yumuş
software <> bilgi
software <> yazıl
softwares <> yazıl
softwood <> kozal
softwood <> tahta
softwood <> yumuş
softy <> aşırı
softy <> aptal
softy <> hanım
softy <> sümsü
softy <> sünep
soggy <> çamur
soggy <> hamur
soggy <> hanta
soggy <> uyuşu
soggy <> vıcık
soh <> SOH
soh <> sol
soho <> Soho
soigne <> soign
soil <> ülke
soil <> arazi
soil <> gübre
soil <> kir
soil <> kirle
soil <> lağım
soil <> leke
soil <> lekel
soil <> namus
soil <> pisle
soil <> pisli
soil <> taze
soil <> topra
soil <> vatan
soil <> yeşil
soilage <> taze
soilage <> yeşil
soilborne <> topra
soiled <> kirli
soiling <> kirle
soilless <> Topra
soils <> topra
soiree <> akşam
soiree <> gece
soiree <> suare
soja <> soya
sojourn <> bir
sojourn <> bir 
sojourn <> geçic
sojourner <> geçic
sojourner <> konuk
sojourner <> misaf
sojourners <> konuk
sojourneth <> aranı
sojourning <> yaşad
soke <> yerel
soken <> Soken
sokos <> Sokos
sol <> sol
solace <> avunm
solace <> avunt
solace <> avutm
solace <> tesel
solan <> Solan
solanaceae <> Solan
solander <> Solan
solano <> Solan
solanum <> ılıma
solar <> güneş
solar <> solar
solaria <> ışıkl
solarisation <> Işınl
solarise <> solar
solarium <> güneş
solarium <> solar
solariums <> solar
solarization <> solar
solarize <> güneş
solas <> SOLAS
solatium <> tazmi
sold <> satıl
soldado <> Solda
soldan <> Solda
solder <> lehim
solderability <> Lehim
solderable <> Lehim
soldered <> lehim
soldering <> lehim
solders <> lehim
soldier <> asker
soldier <> beyaz
soldier <> er
soldier <> işçi
soldier <> nefer
soldiering <> asker
soldierly <> asker
soldiers <> asker
soldiery <> asker
soldo <> Soldo
sole <> özel
sole <> bekâr
sole <> biric
sole <> dil 
sole <> kaide
sole <> pençe
sole <> taban
sole <> tek
sole <> yalnı
sole <> yeğân
solecism <> aykır
solecism <> dilbi
solecism <> görgü
solecism <> grame
solecism <> kural
solecistic <> dilbi
solecistic <> hatal
solecistic <> kural
solei <> Solei
solely <> bir 
solely <> sırf
solely <> sadec
solely <> yalnı
solemn <> öneml
solemn <> ağırb
solemn <> ciddi
solemn <> heybe
solemn <> kutsa
solemn <> meras
solemn <> muhte
solemn <> resmi
solemn <> tören
solemn <> yasal
solemnest <> heybe
solemnised <> solem
solemnity <> ağırb
solemnity <> ciddi
solemnity <> dini
solemnity <> dinse
solemnity <> tören
solemnize <> kıyma
solemnize <> resme
solemnize <> resmi
solemnize <> tören
solemnly <> ciddi
solen <> Şölen
solenoid <> mıkna
solenoid <> solen
solenoids <> solen
solenopsis <> Solen
soleplate <> taban
soler <> Soler
solera <> SOLER
soles <> taban
solfege <> solfe
solfeggio <> solfe
solferino <> Solfe
solicit <> ısrar
solicit <> asılm
solicit <> başta
solicit <> davet
solicit <> dilem
solicit <> istem
solicit <> kışkı
solicit <> tahri
solicit <> yalva
solicitation <> ısrar
solicitation <> davet
solicitation <> istem
solicitation <> kışkı
solicitation <> rica
solicitation <> taciz
solicitation <> talep
solicitations <> taciz
solicited <> İsten
solicitor <> acent
solicitor <> avuka
solicitor <> hukuk
solicitor <> reklâ
solicitor <> savcı
solicitors <> avuka
solicitous <> özen
solicitous <> arzul
solicitous <> dikka
solicitous <> endiş
solicitous <> istek
solicitous <> sabır
solicitous <> tedir
solicitous <> vesve
solicitously <> merak
solicitude <> özen
solicitude <> endiş
solicitude <> ihtim
solicitude <> ilgi
solicitude <> kaygı
solicitude <> vesve
solicitudes <> dert
solicitudes <> endiş
solid <> üç 
solid <> aynı
solid <> bütün
solid <> birbi
solid <> birli
solid <> cisim
solid <> eksik
solid <> güven
solid <> kübik
solid <> katı
solid <> koyu
solid <> mükem
solid <> masif
solid <> metin
solid <> sağla
solid <> sert
solid <> som
solid <> türde
solid <> tam
solid <> tek 
solid <> yekpa
solidago <> Solid
solidaristic <> dayan
solidarity <> berab
solidarity <> birli
solidarity <> dayan
solidary <> birli
solidary <> dayan
solidification <> katıl
solidified <> katıl
solidifies <> katıl
solidify <> katı
solidify <> katıl
solidify <> kuvve
solidify <> pekiş
solidify <> sağla
solidify <> sertl
solidifying <> güçle
solidity <> dayan
solidity <> ekono
solidity <> güven
solidity <> katıl
solidity <> metan
solidity <> sağla
solidity <> sertl
solidly <> sağla
solids <> katı
solidungulate <> sert
solidungulate <> toyna
solidus <> katıl
solifluction <> Topra
solifugae <> Solif
soliloquize <> kendi
soliloquize <> monol
soliloquy <> kendi
soliloquy <> monol
soliped <> sert
soliped <> toyna
solipsism <> solip
solipsism <> tekbe
solis <> Solis
solitaire <> tek
solitaire <> tek 
solitaire <> yüzük
solitaires <> Solit
solitarily <> bir 
solitarily <> yalnı
solitarily <> yapay
solitariness <> yalnı
solitary <> ıssız
solitary <> bir 
solitary <> kimse
solitary <> münze
solitary <> tek
solitary <> yalnı
solitons <> solit
solitude <> ıssız
solitude <> tek 
solitude <> tenha
solitude <> yalnı
solitudes <> Solit
solitudo <> Solit
soller <> Solle
solmization <> solfe
solo <> solo
solo <> tek 
solo <> yalnı
soloist <> solis
soloist <> solo
soloist <> soloi
soloists <> solis
solon <> hakim
solos <> solol
sols <> solla
solstice <> gündö
solstice <> gece
solstitial <> gündö
solubilities <> Çözün
solubility <> çözün
solubilization <> çözün
solubilized <> çözün
solubilizing <> çözün
soluble <> çözüm
soluble <> çözün
soluble <> erir
soluble <> halle
solubles <> çözün
solum <> Solum
solus <> Solus
solute <> çözün
solutes <> çözün
solution <> çözüm
solution <> çözün
solution <> çözel
solution <> çıkar
solution <> çare
solution <> ara 
solution <> eriyi
solution <> halle
solution <> solüs
solutioning <> çözüm
solutions <> çözüm
solvability <> çözül
solvable <> çözüm
solvable <> çözün
solvable <> halle
solvation <> çözme
solve <> çözüm
solve <> çözme
solve <> aydın
solve <> halle
solved <> çözül
solvency <> ödeme
solvency <> ödeye
solvent <> çözüc
solvent <> çözüm
solvent <> çözge
solvent <> ödeme
solvent <> ödeye
solvent <> eriti
solvent <> eritk
solvent <> gevşe
solvent <> rahat
solventless <> solve
solvents <> çözüc
solver <> çözüc
solvers <> çözüc
solves <> çözer
solving <> çözme
solving <> halle
soman <> Soman
somatic <> beden
somatic <> fizik
somatic <> vücut
somatically <> somat
somatology <> somat
somatology <> vücut
somatopsychic <> ruh 
somatosensory <> somat
somatotrophic <> somat
somatotrophin <> somat
somatotropic <> somat
somatotype <> somat
somatotypes <> somat
somber <> hüzün
somber <> iç 
somber <> karam
somber <> karan
somber <> kasve
somber <> koyu
somber <> loş
somberly <> kasve
somberness <> hüzün
somberness <> karan
somberness <> kasve
somberness <> koyul
somberness <> loşlu
sombre <> hüzün
sombre <> iç 
sombre <> karam
sombre <> karan
sombre <> kasve
sombre <> koyu
sombre <> loş
sombreness <> hüzün
sombreness <> karan
sombreness <> kasve
sombreness <> koyul
sombreness <> loşlu
sombrero <> geniş
some <> çok
some <> çok 
some <> aşağı
some <> acayi
some <> amma
some <> bazı
some <> bazıl
some <> bazıs
some <> bir
some <> bir 
some <> biraz
some <> civar
some <> epey
some <> herha
some <> kimi
some <> kimis
some <> ne 
some <> süper
some <> takri
some <> yakla
somebodies <> Biril
somebody <> öneml
somebody <> şahsi
somebody <> bazıs
somebody <> biri
somebody <> biris
somebody <> kimis
somebody <> kimse
someday <> birgü
somehow <> bir 
somehow <> her
somehow <> her 
somehow <> herha
somehow <> nasıl
someone <> öneml
someone <> şahsi
someone <> biri
someone <> biris
someone <> kimse
someplace <> bir
someplace <> bir 
somersault <> peren
somersault <> salto
somersault <> takla
somersaulted <> takla
somersaults <> takla
somerset <> Brita
somerset <> somer
somerville <> Somer
something <> öneml
something <> bir
something <> bir 
somethings <> birşe
sometime <> öncek
sometime <> bazen
sometime <> bir 
sometime <> eski
sometime <> eskid
sometime <> günün
sometime <> sabık
sometimes <> ara 
sometimes <> arada
sometimes <> bazen
somewhat <> az 
somewhat <> bir 
somewhat <> biraz
somewhat <> olduk
somewhere <> bir
somewhere <> bir 
somewhere <> herha
somites <> Somit
sommeliers <> garso
sommersault <> Rövaş
somnambulate <> uykud
somnambulate <> uyurg
somnambulism <> uyurg
somnambulist <> uyurg
somnambulistic <> uyurg
somniferous <> uyuşt
somniferous <> uyutu
somnolence <> ağırl
somnolence <> uyku
somnolence <> uyuşu
somnolence <> uyukl
somnolent <> uyku
somnolent <> uyuşu
somnolent <> uyukl
son <> çocuk
son <> erkek
son <> evlad
son <> oğlum
son <> oğul
sonance <> ses
sonance <> sesli
sonant <> ünlü
sonant <> sesli
sonar <> deniz
sonar <> sonar
sonars <> sonar
sonata <> sonat
sonatas <> sonat
sonatina <> kısa
sonatine <> Sonat
sondage <> sonda
sondages <> sonda
sonder <> Sonde
sones <> Soner
song <> ötüş
song <> ötme
song <> şakım
song <> şarkı
song <> şiir
song <> güfte
song <> türkü
songbird <> ötücü
songbirds <> ötücü
songbook <> şarkı
songbooks <> Songb
songs <> şarkı
songster <> ötücü
songster <> şarkı
songstress <> şantö
songstress <> şarkı
songstress <> kadın
songstress <> kanto
songwriter <> söz 
songwriters <> şarkı
sonic <> ses
sonic <> ses 
sonic <> sesle
sonic <> sonik
sonics <> sonik
sonnet <> on 
sonnet <> sone
sonnets <> sonel
sonny <> evlad
sonny <> oğlum
sonobuoy <> sonar
sonograms <> sonog
sonographers <> Sonog
sonographic <> sonog
sonography <> sonog
sonometer <> sesöl
sonometer <> sonom
sonorities <> Sonor
sonority <> ses
sonority <> ses 
sonorous <> çınla
sonorous <> dolgu
sonorous <> ses 
sonorous <> tınla
sonorous <> tanta
sonorous <> yankı
sons <> çoluk
sons <> erkek
sons <> oğull
sonsy <> şirin
sonsy <> balık
sonsy <> cıvıl
sonsy <> etine
sonsy <> tombu
sonsy <> uğurl
sontag <> Sonta
soom <> Soom
soon <> çabuk
soon <> çok 
soon <> biraz
soon <> erken
soon <> hemen
soon <> nered
soon <> pek 
soon <> seve
soon <> yakın
sooner <> er
sooners <> Soone
soonest <> en
soonest <> en 
soop <> Soop
soot <> is
soot <> is 
soot <> kurum
sooth <> gerçe
sooth <> hakik
soothe <> dindi
soothe <> sakin
soothe <> teski
soothe <> yatış
soothed <> yatış
soother <> emzik
soothers <> emzik
soothes <> yatış
soothing <> dinle
soothing <> huzur
soothing <> rahat
soothing <> sakin
soothing <> teski
soothing <> yatış
soothingly <> yatış
sooths <> gider
soothsay <> kâhin
soothsay <> kehan
soothsayer <> gaipt
soothsayer <> kâhin
soothsayers <> Falcı
soothsaying <> gaipt
soothsaying <> kâhin
soothsaying <> kehan
sooty <> isli
sooty <> külre
sooty <> kara
sooty <> kurum
sooty <> siyah
sop <> ıslat
sop <> bandı
sop <> rüşve
sop <> sus
sop <> sus 
sop <> suya
sop <> tirit
sop <> yemeğ
sope <> SOPE
soph <> ikinc
sophia <> Sofya
sophism <> bilgi
sophism <> safsa
sophism <> sofiz
sophist <> bilgi
sophist <> safsa
sophist <> sofis
sophistic <> safsa
sophistic <> sofis
sophisticate <> bilge
sophisticate <> bilgi
sophisticate <> entel
sophisticate <> hayat
sophisticate <> kaşar
sophisticate <> pişme
sophisticate <> saflı
sophisticate <> safsa
sophisticate <> tecrü
sophisticated <> çok 
sophisticated <> çokbi
sophisticated <> bilge
sophisticated <> bilgi
sophisticated <> düşün
sophisticated <> entel
sophisticated <> geliş
sophisticated <> içeri
sophisticated <> ileri
sophisticated <> kültü
sophisticated <> kaşar
sophisticated <> kompl
sophisticated <> pişki
sophisticated <> sofis
sophisticated <> tecrü
sophisticated <> yapma
sophisticatedly <> sofis
sophisticates <> sofis
sophistication <> çok 
sophistication <> bilmi
sophistication <> düşün
sophistication <> entel
sophistication <> geliş
sophistication <> ileri
sophistication <> ince
sophistication <> kültü
sophistication <> kaşar
sophistication <> kapsa
sophistication <> pişki
sophistication <> yapma
sophistry <> safsa
sophists <> sofis
sophomore <> ikinc
sophy <> İran
soporific <> uyutu
sopping <> sırıl
soppy <> ıslak
soppy <> aşırı
soppy <> sırıl
soppy <> senti
soppy <> su 
soppy <> sulug
soppy <> yağmu
soppy <> zayıf
soprani <> Sopra
soprano <> sopra
sopranos <> sopra
sops <> SOP
soral <> Soral
sorb <> üvez
sorbate <> sorba
sorbates <> sorba
sorbed <> içeri
sorbefacient <> emdir
sorbefacient <> emilm
sorbents <> sorbe
sorbet <> şerbe
sorbet <> meyve
sorbic <> sorbi
sorbo <> sünge
sorbs <> Sorbs
sorbus <> Sorbu
sorcerer <> afsun
sorcerer <> büyüc
sorcerer <> sihir
sorcerers <> Sihir
sorceress <> büyüc
sorcerous <> büyül
sorcery <> büyü
sorcery <> büyüc
sorcery <> sihir
sordid <> çıkar
sordid <> aşağı
sordid <> alçak
sordid <> cimri
sordid <> para
sordid <> pis
sordid <> sefil
sordidness <> çıkar
sordidness <> adili
sordidness <> cimri
sordidness <> pisli
sordidness <> sefal
sordine <> ses 
sordine <> surdi
sordino <> ses 
sordino <> surdi
sordo <> Sordo
sore <> öfkel
sore <> şidde
sore <> ağrıl
sore <> ağrıy
sore <> acıya
sore <> alıng
sore <> feci
sore <> fena
sore <> hassa
sore <> iltih
sore <> kırgı
sore <> kızgı
sore <> vahim
sore <> yara
sore <> yaral
sorehead <> çabuk
sorehead <> alıng
sorehead <> asabi
sorell <> Sorel
sorely <> çok
sorely <> şidde
sorely <> acılı
sorely <> feci
sorely <> fena
soreness <> ağrı
sores <> yaral
sorghum <> süpür
sori <> Sori
soricine <> sorek
sorites <> Sorit
sororicide <> kızka
sororicide <> karde
sororities <> kız
sorority <> hemşi
sorority <> kız
sorority <> kız 
sorority <> kızla
sorority <> karde
sorority <> rahib
sorosis <> birle
sorption <> emilm
sorption <> emme
sorption <> içine
sorption <> kendi
sorption <> soğur
sorrel <> al 
sorrel <> doru
sorrel <> kızıl
sorrel <> kula
sorrel <> kuzuk
sorrow <> üzücü
sorrow <> üzülm
sorrow <> üzünt
sorrow <> şanss
sorrow <> acı
sorrow <> dert
sorrow <> gam
sorrow <> keder
sorrow <> matem
sorrow <> tasa
sorrow <> yas 
sorrowed <> keder
sorrowful <> üzücü
sorrowful <> üzgün
sorrowful <> acı
sorrowful <> acıkl
sorrowful <> acılı
sorrowful <> hüzün
sorrowful <> hazin
sorrowful <> keder
sorrowfully <> Keder
sorrows <> hüzün
sorry <> özür
sorry <> üzünt
sorry <> üzgün
sorry <> acına
sorry <> afede
sorry <> maale
sorry <> pişma
sorry <> saçma
sorry <> sudan
sorry <> zaval
sort <> çözüm
sort <> çeşit
sort <> ayıkl
sort <> ayırm
sort <> halle
sort <> harf
sort <> kalit
sort <> punto
sort <> sınıf
sort <> tür
sort <> tasni
sort <> tip
sorted <> sıral
sorter <> ayıkl
sorter <> ayırı
sorter <> sınıf
sorter <> tasni
sortie <> çıkış
sortie <> bomba
sortie <> hücum
sortie <> liman
sortie <> sorti
sorties <> sorti
sortilege <> büyü
sortilege <> sihir
sorting <> sınıf
sorting <> türle
sorts <> sıral
sos <> s.o.s
sos <> sos
soss <> SOSS
sot <> ayyaş
sot <> bekri
sot <> sarho
sottish <> ayyaş
sottish <> bekri
sottish <> içkid
sottish <> küfel
sottish <> kafay
sottish <> sarho
sou <> beş 
sou <> metel
soubrette <> şımar
soubrette <> hizme
soubriquet <> lakab
soubriquet <> takma
souce <> sos
souffle <> hırıl
souffle <> sufle
sough <> hışır
sough <> inlem
sough <> uğuld
sough <> uğult
sought <> aradı
souk <> çarşı
soul <> öz
soul <> can
soul <> gönül
soul <> kişi
soul <> kimse
soul <> ruh
soul <> timsa
souled <> Soule
soulful <> aşırı
soulful <> duygu
soulful <> içli
soulless <> can 
soulless <> cansı
soulless <> duygu
soulless <> hissi
soulless <> monot
soulless <> ruhsu
soulless <> sıkıc
souls <> ruhla
sound <> çalın
sound <> çalma
sound <> ağzın
sound <> anlam
sound <> araşt
sound <> belli
sound <> boğaz
sound <> bozul
sound <> delik
sound <> derın
sound <> derin
sound <> emin
sound <> etki
sound <> gürül
sound <> güven
sound <> geçer
sound <> haliç
sound <> iskan
sound <> iyi
sound <> koy
sound <> kuvve
sound <> mışıl
sound <> melod
sound <> muaye
sound <> otura
sound <> söyle
sound <> sağlı
sound <> sağla
sound <> sapas
sound <> sert
sound <> ses
sound <> ses 
sound <> solun
sound <> sonda
sound <> yüzme
sound <> yasal
sound <> yerin
soundboard <> ses 
soundcard <> ses 
soundcards <> ses 
sounded <> kulağ
sounder <> alıcı
sounder <> iskan
sounders <> siren
sounding <> çınla
sounding <> öten
sounding <> ötme
sounding <> şataf
sounding <> derin
sounding <> iskan
sounding <> ses 
sounding <> sesli
sounding <> tınla
sounding <> tanta
sounding <> yankı
soundings <> derin
soundings <> iskan
soundings <> sonda
soundless <> gürül
soundless <> sessi
soundlessly <> sessi
soundly <> adama
soundly <> doğru
soundly <> sağ 
soundly <> selâm
soundman <> Sound
soundness <> doğru
soundness <> esenl
soundness <> geçer
soundness <> iyi 
soundness <> mükem
soundness <> sağlı
soundness <> sağla
soundness <> yasal
soundproof <> ses
soundproof <> ses 
soundproofed <> ses
soundproofing <> ses
sounds <> sesle
soundstage <> bir 
soune <> Soune
soup <> çorba
soup <> et 
soup <> fotoğ
soup <> motor
soup <> nitro
soup <> yoğun
soupcon <> azıcı
soupcon <> bir
soupcon <> bir 
soupcon <> biraz
soupcon <> tutam
soups <> çorba
soupy <> çorba
soupy <> sulu
sour <> ayazl
sour <> bozma
sour <> bozul
sour <> buruk
sour <> buz 
sour <> dokun
sour <> ekşi
sour <> ekşim
sour <> hırçı
sour <> hayat
sour <> huysu
sour <> kesil
sour <> keski
sour <> mayho
sour <> rutub
sour <> sepil
sour <> somur
sour <> surat
sour <> zehir
source <> kayna
source <> memba
source <> menşe
source <> yarar
sourcebook <> kayna
sourced <> kayna
sources <> kayna
sourcing <> kayna
sourdough <> hamur
sourdough <> maden
sourdough <> maya
sourdoughs <> ekşi
soured <> soğum
souring <> ekşim
sourish <> ekşi
sourish <> ekşic
sourish <> ekşim
sourish <> mayho
sourly <> Karam
sourness <> buruk
sourness <> ekşil
sourness <> hırçı
sourness <> huysu
sourness <> nahoş
sourness <> surat
sourness <> yüzü
sours <> bozul
souse <> ıslat
souse <> ayyaş
souse <> içki
souse <> salam
souse <> sarho
souse <> suya
souse <> tuzla
souse <> tuzlu
soused <> içkil
soused <> sarho
souslik <> tarla
soutane <> papaz
souteneur <> pezev
souter <> Soute
souterrain <> yeral
south <> güney
south <> lodos
southeast <> güney
southeaster <> güney
southeaster <> keşiş
southeasterly <> güney
southeastern <> güney
southeasternmost <> güney
southeastward <> güney
southeastward <> keşiş
southeastwards <> güney
souther <> South
southerly <> güney
southermost <> güney
southern <> güney
southerner <> güney
southerners <> güney
southernly <> güney
southernmost <> en
southernmost <> en 
southing <> güney
southland <> South
southmost <> en 
southpaw <> solak
southpaw <> solu
southward <> güney
southwards <> güney
southwest <> güney
southwester <> güney
southwester <> geniş
southwester <> lodos
southwesterly <> güney
southwestern <> güney
southwestward <> güney
southwestwards <> güney
souvenir <> andaç
souvenir <> hatır
souvenirs <> hediy
souvlaki <> Souvl
sov <> SOV
sovereign <> çok 
sovereign <> İngil
sovereign <> bağım
sovereign <> bireb
sovereign <> egeme
sovereign <> etkil
sovereign <> hüküm
sovereign <> iktid
sovereign <> kral
sovereign <> mükem
sovereign <> mutlâ
sovereign <> padiş
sovereign <> yüce
sovereignly <> egeme
sovereigns <> egeme
sovereignties <> egeme
sovereignty <> büyük
sovereignty <> bağım
sovereignty <> egeme
sovereignty <> hüküm
sovereignty <> hakim
sovereignty <> salta
sovereignty <> yücel
soviet <> sovye
sovietologist <> Sovye
soviets <> sovye
sow <> dişi
sow <> dikme
sow <> ekmek
sow <> erimi
sow <> saçma
sow <> tohum
sowed <> ekti
sowers <> ekici
sowing <> ekim
sowing <> ekme
sowings <> ekimd
sown <> ekili
soy <> soya
soya <> soya
soybean <> soya
soybeans <> soya
soymilk <> soya
soyuz <> Soyuz
sozin <> Sozin
sozzled <> körkü
sozzled <> sarho
spa <> ılıca
spa <> içmel
spa <> kaplı
spa <> spa
space <> açıkl
space <> alan
space <> ara
space <> ara 
space <> aralı
space <> boşlu
space <> espas
space <> feza
space <> mekân
space <> mesaf
space <> reklâ
space <> süre
space <> uzakl
space <> uzay
space <> yer
spacebar <> boşlu
spaceborne <> uydu
spaceborne <> uzay
spaceborne <> uzayd
spacecraft <> uzay
spacecrafts <> uzay
spaced <> aralı
spaceflight <> uzay
spacelab <> uzay
spaceless <> mekan
spaceman <> astro
spaceman <> uzay
spaceman <> uzayl
spacemen <> uzay
spaceport <> uzay
spacer <> ara 
spacer <> aralı
spacer <> espas
spacer <> space
spacers <> space
spaces <> alanl
spaceship <> uzay
spaceships <> uzay
spacesuit <> uzay
spacesuits <> uzay
spacetime <> uzay-
spacetimes <> uzay
spacewalk <> uzay
spacewalk <> uzayd
spacewalker <> Space
spacewoman <> astro
spacewoman <> kadın
spacewoman <> uzayl
spacial <> mekân
spacing <> ara
spacing <> aralı
spacings <> aralı
spacious <> bol 
spacious <> ferah
spacious <> geniş
spacious <> havad
spaciously <> ferah
spaciousness <> ferah
spaciousness <> geniş
spaciousness <> havad
spade <> bahçe
spade <> bel
spade <> hadım
spade <> kürek
spade <> maça
spade <> top 
spade <> zenci
spadeful <> kürek
spader <> Spade
spades <> maça
spades <> maçal
spadework <> belle
spadework <> zahme
spadix <> çiçek
spado <> hadım
spado <> kısır
spaghetti <> araps
spaghetti <> karma
spaghetti <> spage
spain <> İspan
spake <> konuş
spall <> kıymı
spall <> parça
spall <> taş 
spall <> yonga
spalling <> dökül
spalpeen <> alçak
spalt <> Spalt
spam <> Spam
spamhaus <> SPAMh
spammer <> spam
spammers <> spam
spamming <> küfre
spammy <> spam
span <> çift
span <> çifte
span <> üzeri
span <> an
span <> araba
span <> germe
span <> içerm
span <> kısa
span <> kanat
span <> kapsa
span <> karış
span <> kiriş
span <> kolla
span <> mesaf
span <> süre
span <> sıkıc
span <> sera
span <> span
span <> uzatm
spandex <> tayt
spandrel <> köşel
spandrel <> kemer
spandrel <> yivli
spang <> Spang
spangle <> pul
spangle <> pulla
spangled <> pullu
spangler <> Spang
spangles <> pulla
spaniel <> spany
spaniel <> uzun
spaniels <> Spani
spank <> şapla
spank <> kıçın
spank <> popoy
spanker <> çok 
spanker <> hızlı
spanker <> insan
spanker <> iri 
spanker <> muazz
spanker <> randa
spankers <> Spank
spanking <> çok
spanking <> çok 
spanking <> şapla
spanking <> şidde
spanking <> hızlı
spanking <> muazz
spanking <> olduk
spanking <> pek
spanking <> popoy
spanking <> sert
spanned <> Yayıl
spanner <> İngil
spanner <> anaht
spanners <> somun
spans <> açıkl
spar <> ağız
spar <> billu
spar <> boks
spar <> direk
spar <> horoz
spar <> kanat
spar <> kavga
spar <> münak
spar <> seren
spar <> tartı
spare <> öldür
spare <> ayırm
spare <> az
spare <> az 
spare <> bağış
spare <> boş
spare <> canın
spare <> cimri
spare <> eli 
spare <> esirg
spare <> fazla
spare <> harca
spare <> hasis
spare <> idare
spare <> ihtiy
spare <> kıyma
spare <> kaçın
spare <> korum
spare <> sıska
spare <> tutum
spare <> yedek
spare <> yeter
spare <> zayıf
spared <> bağış
spareness <> azlık
spareness <> sıska
spareness <> yeter
spareness <> zayıf
sparerib <> az 
sparerib <> kabur
spareribs <> Kabur
spares <> yedek
sparger <> püskü
sparhawk <> Sparh
sparing <> az 
sparing <> idare
sparing <> kaçın
sparing <> tutum
sparingly <> idare
sparingness <> önlem
sparingness <> idare
sparingness <> tedbi
sparingness <> tutum
spark <> ateşl
spark <> belir
spark <> elekt
spark <> gemi
spark <> harek
spark <> hovar
spark <> kıvıl
spark <> kur 
spark <> teşvi
spark <> uyand
spark <> züppe
sparked <> yol
sparkie <> Spark
sparking <> kıvıl
sparkle <> ışık
sparkle <> ışıld
sparkle <> ışıma
sparkle <> göz 
sparkle <> köpür
sparkle <> kıvıl
sparkle <> pırıl
sparkle <> parıl
sparkle <> parla
sparkled <> parla
sparkler <> donan
sparkler <> havai
sparkler <> parla
sparkles <> parıl
sparklet <> kıvıl
sparklet <> soda
sparklet <> zerre
sparkling <> ışıl
sparkling <> akıll
sparkling <> köpük
sparkling <> köpür
sparkling <> pırıl
sparkling <> parla
sparkling <> zeki
sparklingly <> ışıl
sparks <> elekt
sparks <> gemi
sparks <> kıvıl
sparre <> Sparr
sparrer <> Sparr
sparring <> antre
sparring <> fikir
sparring <> tartı
sparrow <> serçe
sparrowgrass <> kuşko
sparrows <> Serçe
sparse <> aralı
sparse <> seyre
sparsely <> seyre
sparseness <> aralı
sparseness <> kıtlı
sparseness <> seyre
sparsity <> aralı
sparsity <> kıtlı
sparsity <> seyre
spartan <> Spart
spartan <> cesur
spartan <> sert
spartan <> yiğit
spartans <> Spart
sparth <> Spart
spary <> Spary
spas <> kaplı
spasm <> çırpı
spasm <> ağrı
spasm <> kasıl
spasm <> spazm
spasmodic <> aralı
spasmodic <> dalda
spasmodic <> kasıl
spasmodic <> sürek
spasmodic <> sarsı
spasmolytic <> spazm
spasmolytics <> Spazm
spasms <> spazm
spastic <> beyin
spastic <> kasıl
spastic <> spast
spasticity <> spast
spat <> şamar
spat <> şapla
spat <> ağız
spat <> atışm
spat <> istir
spat <> küçük
spat <> kısa
spat <> münak
spat <> yumur
spatchcock <> hemen
spatchcock <> kesip
spatchcock <> lâf s
spatchcock <> sokma
spate <> akın
spate <> kalab
spate <> sağan
spate <> sel
spate <> su 
spathe <> gonca
spathe <> yen
spathiphyllum <> Spath
spatial <> uzaya
spatial <> uzays
spatiality <> mekan
spatially <> mekan
spatiotemporal <> zaman
spats <> Spats
spatter <> çamur
spatter <> kirle
spatter <> lekel
spatter <> sıçra
spatter <> sağan
spatterdash <> kısa
spattered <> sıçra
spattering <> sıçra
spatula <> mala
spatula <> spatu
spatulas <> spatu
spatulate <> spatu
spatule <> spatu
spavin <> atın
spavined <> dizi
spawn <> döl
spawn <> durma
spawn <> meyda
spawn <> ortay
spawn <> yavru
spawn <> yumur
spawner <> yumur
spawners <> yumur
spawning <> çoğal
spawning <> üreye
spawning <> yumur
spawns <> yumur
spay <> kısır
spayed <> SPAYE
spazz <> Spazz
speak <> göste
speak <> haber
speak <> konuş
speak <> söyle
speak <> söz 
speak <> ses 
speak <> speak
speakeasy <> gizli
speaker <> hopâr
speaker <> konuş
speaker <> mecli
speaker <> sözcü
speaker <> spike
speakerphone <> hopar
speakerphones <> hopar
speakers <> hopar
speakership <> Başka
speaking <> akıcı
speaking <> berra
speaking <> dokun
speaking <> etkil
speaking <> konuş
speakings <> konuş
speaks <> konuş
spean <> Spean
spear <> kargı
spear <> mızra
spear <> sivri
spear <> zıpkı
speared <> Spear
spearfish <> Spear
spearfishing <> Spear
speargun <> tüfeğ
spearguns <> ZIPKI
spearhead <> önaya
spearhead <> öncü
spearhead <> öncül
spearhead <> başı
spearhead <> mızra
spearheaded <> öncül
spearheading <> öncül
spearheads <> mızra
spearman <> mızra
spearmen <> mızra
spearmint <> bahçe
spearmint <> nane
spec <> spec
spec <> spekü
speccy <> Specc
specht <> Spech
special <> özel
special <> özell
special <> ayrıc
special <> günün
special <> geçic
special <> has
special <> olağa
special <> spesi
specialisation <> ihtis
specialisation <> uzman
specialisations <> uzman
specialise <> özel
specialise <> özell
specialise <> ayırm
specialise <> değiş
specialise <> ihtis
specialise <> uzman
specialised <> uzman
specialises <> uzman
specialising <> uzman
specialism <> uzman
specialisms <> Uzman
specialist <> cober
specialist <> müteh
specialist <> uzman
specialistic <> uzman
specialists <> uzman
specialities <> spesi
speciality <> özel
speciality <> özell
speciality <> özgü
speciality <> ayrıc
speciality <> ihtis
speciality <> mühür
speciality <> spesi
speciality <> uzman
specialization <> ihtis
specialization <> uzman
specializations <> uzman
specialize <> özel
specialize <> özell
specialize <> ayırm
specialize <> değiş
specialize <> ihtis
specialize <> uzman
specialized <> uzman
specializes <> uzman
specializing <> uzman
specially <> özel
specially <> özell
specially <> bilha
specials <> indir
specialties <> spesi
specialty <> özel
specialty <> özell
specialty <> özgü
specialty <> ayrıc
specialty <> ihtis
specialty <> mühür
specialty <> spesi
specialty <> uzman
speciation <> türle
specie <> demir
specie <> maden
specie <> nakit
specie <> sikke
species <> çeşit
species <> cins
species <> ortak
species <> tür
specific <> özel
specific <> özell
specific <> özgül
specific <> Belir
specific <> belir
specific <> belli
specific <> kendi
specific <> kesin
specific <> spesi
specifically <> özell
specification <> şartn
specification <> ayrın
specification <> belir
specification <> beyan
specification <> tanım
specification <> tarif
specifications <> özell
specificities <> özgül
specificity <> özgül
specifics <> özell
specified <> Belir
specifier <> belir
specifiers <> belir
specifies <> belir
specify <> açıkç
specify <> ayrın
specify <> belir
specify <> madde
specify <> spesi
specifying <> belir
specimen <> örnek
specimen <> acayi
specimen <> göste
specimen <> ilgin
specimen <> model
specimen <> numun
specimen <> simge
specimen <> tahli
specimen <> tip
specimens <> örnek
specious <> aldat
specious <> görün
specious <> yanıl
speciousness <> aldat
speciousness <> dış 
speciousness <> yanıl
speck <> benek
speck <> küçük
speck <> leke
speck <> nokta
speck <> zerre
speckle <> çil
speckle <> benek
speckle <> lekel
speckle <> nokta
speckled <> çilli
speckled <> benek
speckless <> çilsi
speckless <> benek
specks <> lekel
specs <> gözlü
spectacle <> görün
spectacle <> garip
spectacle <> manza
spectacle <> oyun
spectacle <> piyes
spectacled <> gözlü
spectacles <> gözlü
spectacular <> şaşır
spectacular <> dikka
spectacular <> göste
spectacular <> göz 
spectacular <> hayre
spectacular <> muhte
spectacular <> olağa
spectator <> izley
spectator <> seyir
spectators <> seyir
specter <> ürküt
specter <> hayal
specter <> kurun
specter <> vesve
specters <> Hayal
spectinomycin <> Semen
spectra <> spekt
spectral <> hayal
spectral <> spekt
spectral <> tayfl
spectrally <> Işıks
spectre <> ürküt
spectre <> hayal
spectre <> kurun
spectre <> vesve
spectres <> Hayal
spectrochemical <> spekt
spectrofluorimeter <> spekt
spectrogram <> spekt
spectrograph <> spekt
spectrograph <> tayfç
spectrographic <> spekt
spectrometer <> spekt
spectrometers <> spekt
spectrometric <> spekt
spectrometry <> spekt
spectrophotometer <> spekt
spectrophotometers <> spekt
spectrophotometric <> spekt
spectrophotometrical <> spekt
spectrophotometrically <> spekt
spectrophotometry <> spekt
spectroscope <> spekt
spectroscope <> tayfö
spectroscopes <> spekt
spectroscopic <> spekt
spectroscopies <> spekt
spectroscopy <> spekt
spectrum <> göz 
spectrum <> spekt
spectrum <> tayf
spectrums <> spekt
spects <> yönle
specula <> specu
specular <> aynay
specular <> speku
specular <> yansı
speculate <> kuram
speculate <> spekü
speculate <> tahmi
speculated <> iddia
speculates <> spekü
speculating <> spekü
speculation <> borsa
speculation <> kuram
speculation <> spekü
speculation <> tahmi
speculation <> teori
speculations <> spekü
speculative <> şüphe
speculative <> kuram
speculative <> kurgu
speculative <> kurun
speculative <> spekü
speculative <> teori
speculative <> vesve
speculatively <> spekü
speculator <> borsa
speculator <> spekü
speculators <> spekü
speculum <> maden
speculum <> speku
sped <> hızla
speech <> şive
speech <> anlat
speech <> demeç
speech <> dil
speech <> hitab
speech <> konuş
speech <> nutuk
speech <> söyle
speech <> söz 
speech <> savun
speech <> ses
speeches <> Konuş
speechification <> kafa
speechification <> nutuk
speechifier <> kafa
speechifier <> nutuk
speechify <> kafa
speechify <> nutuk
speechify <> söyle
speechless <> dili
speechless <> dilsi
speechless <> kelim
speechless <> nutku
speechless <> sözle
speechless <> sözsü
speechless <> sessi
speechless <> susku
speechlessly <> konuş
speechlessness <> sessi
speechlessness <> susku
speechwriter <> konuş
speechwriters <> Speec
speed <> çabuk
speed <> ışığa
speed <> amfit
speed <> başar
speed <> devir
speed <> hız
speed <> hız 
speed <> hızlı
speed <> hızla
speed <> sürat
speed <> uğurl
speed <> uyarı
speed <> vites
speed <> yolcu
speed <> yolun
speedball <> Speed
speedballing <> speed
speedboat <> sürat
speedboats <> sürat
speeded <> hız
speeder <> aşırı
speeder <> hız
speeder <> hız 
speeder <> hızla
speeder <> sürat
speedier <> daha
speedily <> çabuc
speedily <> çabuk
speedily <> hızla
speediness <> çabuk
speediness <> acele
speediness <> hızlı
speediness <> sürat
speeding <> hız
speeding <> hız 
speeding <> hızlı
speeding <> sürat
speedo <> hızöl
speedo <> takom
speedometer <> hızöl
speedometer <> hız 
speedometer <> takom
speedometers <> Hızöl
speedos <> Speed
speeds <> hızla
speedster <> aşırı
speedster <> hız 
speedup <> hızla
speedups <> hızla
speedway <> Speed
speedway <> hız 
speedway <> sürat
speedway <> yarış
speedwell <> yavşa
speedy <> çabuk
speedy <> hızlı
speedy <> sürat
speedy <> seri
speer <> Speer
speight <> Speig
speirs <> Speir
speiss <> arsen
speke <> Speke
speleological <> spele
speleologist <> mağar
speleology <> mağar
speleology <> spele
speleothems <> buzul
spell <> çalış
spell <> çekıc
spell <> afsun
spell <> alıml
spell <> anlam
spell <> büyü
spell <> büyül
spell <> dönem
spell <> diye
spell <> etkil
spell <> hecel
spell <> imlâs
spell <> kısa
spell <> kriz
spell <> nöbet
spell <> sıra
spell <> sihir
spell <> tılsı
spell <> vardi
spell <> yerin
spellbind <> büyül
spellbind <> etkil
spellbinder <> büyül
spellbinder <> etkil
spellbinding <> büyül
spellbound <> büyül
spellcasting <> büyü
spellcheck <> imla
spellchecker <> imla
spellchecking <> İmla
spelled <> kılçı
spelled <> yazıl
speller <> imlâ
speller <> yazım
spelling <> hecel
spelling <> imlâ
spelling <> yazıl
spelling <> yazım
spellings <> Firma
spells <> büyü
spelt <> kılçı
spelt <> yazıl
spelter <> çinko
spelter <> tutya
spelunk <> mağar
spencer <> en 
spencer <> kısa
spencers <> Spenc
spend <> etkis
spend <> geçir
spend <> harca
spend <> para
spend <> sarfe
spend <> sperm
spend <> tüket
spended <> harca
spender <> harca
spender <> müsri
spenders <> harca
spending <> harca
spendings <> harca
spends <> harcı
spendthrift <> müsri
spendthrift <> miras
spendthrift <> savur
spendthrift <> tutum
spent <> bitki
spent <> bitmi
spent <> etkis
spent <> geçir
spent <> harca
spent <> sperm
spent <> yorgu
spent <> yumur
spent <> zayıf
sperling <> Sperl
sperm <> balin
sperm <> isper
sperm <> meni
sperm <> sperm
spermaceti <> balin
spermaceti <> isper
spermary <> erbez
spermary <> haya
spermary <> testi
spermatheca <> sperm
spermathecae <> sperm
spermatic <> sperm
spermatic <> testi
spermatids <> sperm
spermatoblast <> erkek
spermatoblast <> sperm
spermatocele <> sperm
spermatocyte <> sperm
spermatocytes <> sperm
spermatogenesis <> sperm
spermatogenetic <> sperm
spermatogenic <> Sperm
spermatophore <> sperm
spermatophyta <> Sperm
spermatozoon <> sperm
spermicide <> sperm
spermine <> sperm
sperms <> sperm
spessartine <> spess
spet <> SPET
spew <> istif
spew <> kusma
spew <> kustu
spewed <> kustu
sphacelate <> çürüm
sphacelate <> kangr
sphacelating <> kangr
sphacelation <> kangr
sphagnum <> batak
sphalerite <> sfale
sphalerites <> sfale
sphendone <> Sphen
sphene <> sfen
sphenoid <> ense
sphenoid <> kama
sphenoid <> sfeno
sphenoidal <> sfeno
sphere <> çevre
sphere <> alan
sphere <> gökyü
sphere <> küre
sphere <> katma
sphere <> sınıf
sphere <> tabak
sphere <> yerkü
sphere <> yuvar
spheres <> kürel
spheric <> gökse
spheric <> küres
spheric <> yüce
spheric <> yükse
spherical <> küre
spherical <> küres
spherically <> küres
sphericity <> küre
sphericity <> küres
spherics <> küres
spherocytes <> Sfero
spherocytosis <> sfero
spheroid <> kürem
spheroid <> kürey
spheroidal <> kürem
spheroidal <> kürey
spheroidic <> kürem
spheroidic <> kürey
spheroidical <> kürem
spheroidical <> kürey
spheroidizing <> kürel
spheroids <> parça
spherule <> kürec
spherule <> ufak
spherules <> sferü
spherulite <> Şekil
sphincter <> büzüc
sphincter <> büzge
sphincter <> sfink
sphincteric <> sfink
sphincterotomy <> sfink
sphincters <> sfink
sphingidae <> Sphin
sphingosine <> sfing
sphinx <> anlaş
sphinx <> esrar
sphinx <> gizem
sphinx <> sfenk
sphinxes <> sfenk
sphinxlike <> anlaş
sphinxlike <> gizem
sphinxlike <> ifade
sphinxlike <> sfenk
sphygmomanometer <> sfigm
sphygmus <> nabız
sphynx <> Sphyn
spica <> başak
spica <> sivri
spicate <> başak
spiccato <> Halen
spice <> çeşni
spice <> bahar
spice <> heyec
spice <> ilgin
spiced <> bahar
spiced <> kokul
spicer <> Spice
spicery <> bahar
spices <> bahar
spicey <> bahar
spiciness <> bahar
spiciness <> espri
spiciness <> müste
spick <> gıcır
spicular <> diken
spicular <> iğne
spicular <> sivri
spiculation <> spikü
spicule <> diken
spicule <> iğne
spicule <> spikü
spicules <> spikü
spicy <> çeşni
spicy <> çekic
spicy <> şık
spicy <> açık
spicy <> acılı
spicy <> bahar
spicy <> espri
spicy <> kokul
spicy <> nükte
spide <> Maça
spider <> örümc
spider <> ayakl
spider <> fayto
spider <> istav
spiderman <> örümc
spiderman <> yükse
spiders <> örümc
spiderweb <> örümc
spidery <> örümc
spidery <> incec
spie <> SPIE
spied <> casus
spiegel <> Spieg
spiegeleisen <> manga
spiel <> konuş
spiel <> laf
spiel <> laf 
spiel <> söz
spiel <> satıc
spieler <> dolan
spieler <> kumar
spier <> Spier
spiers <> kules
spies <> casus
spiffing <> çok
spiffing <> çok 
spiffing <> şık
spiffing <> mükem
spifflicate <> dövme
spifflicate <> dayak
spiffy <> çok 
spiffy <> şık
spiffy <> mükem
spiflicate <> dövme
spiflicate <> dayak
spigot <> ağaç
spigot <> fıçı
spigot <> tıkaç
spik <> Spik
spike <> alkol
spike <> başağ
spike <> başak
spike <> delme
spike <> falya
spike <> heyec
spike <> ince
spike <> iri 
spike <> kramp
spike <> sivri
spike <> tıkam
spike <> tahta
spike <> uskum
spike <> uzun
spike <> yavru
spiked <> çivil
spiked <> alkol
spiked <> başak
spiked <> içki
spikelet <> başak
spikelets <> başak
spikenard <> Hint
spiker <> smaçö
spikes <> çivil
spikes <> ani
spikes <> kramp
spiky <> çivil
spiky <> dik 
spiky <> diken
spiky <> inatç
spiky <> keski
spiky <> sert
spiky <> sivri
spile <> ağaç
spile <> fıçı
spile <> muslu
spile <> tıkam
spile <> tapa
spilitic <> spili
spill <> üstün
spill <> üzeri
spill <> açığa
spill <> akıtm
spill <> dökül
spill <> dökme
spill <> düşüş
spill <> düşür
spill <> düşme
spill <> söyle
spill <> saçıl
spill <> saçma
spill <> serpm
spill <> tıkaç
spill <> tapa
spill <> tutuş
spillage <> dökül
spillages <> dökül
spilled <> Dökül
spiller <> Spill
spillikin <> mikad
spillikins <> mikad
spilling <> Sıçra
spillover <> taşkı
spillovers <> taşma
spills <> sızın
spillway <> dolus
spillway <> sıvı
spillways <> dolus
spilosite <> Spilo
spilt <> Dökül
spilth <> dökül
spilth <> dökme
spin <> çakma
spin <> çevir
spin <> örmek
spin <> dönüş
spin <> döndü
spin <> dönme
spin <> devir
spin <> dikle
spin <> eğirm
spin <> fırıl
spin <> iplik
spin <> kısa
spin <> kaybe
spin <> kurut
spin <> tasar
spin <> uydur
spin <> vril
spina <> Spina
spinach <> ıspan
spinach <> saçma
spinacia <> Spina
spinal <> belke
spinal <> spina
spinals <> Spina
spindle <> asitm
spindle <> bir 
spindle <> dingi
spindle <> eksen
spindle <> iğ
spindle <> iğağa
spindle <> iş
spindle <> kromo
spindle <> mil
spindle <> yoğun
spindlelegs <> çırpı
spindlelegs <> ince
spindlelegs <> leyle
spindlelegs <> uzun
spindler <> Spind
spindles <> iğ
spindleshanks <> çırpı
spindleshanks <> ince
spindleshanks <> leyle
spindleshanks <> uzun
spindling <> çöp 
spindling <> çırpı
spindling <> çok 
spindling <> cılız
spindling <> leyle
spindly <> çöp 
spindly <> çırpı
spindly <> çok 
spindly <> cılız
spindly <> leyle
spindrift <> Spind
spine <> belke
spine <> diken
spine <> filiz
spine <> iğne
spine <> irade
spine <> kılçı
spine <> kitap
spine <> omurg
spine <> sürgü
spined <> diken
spined <> kılçı
spined <> omurg
spinel <> spine
spineless <> cesar
spineless <> irade
spineless <> kılçı
spineless <> omurg
spinels <> spine
spinet <> çimba
spinet <> eski
spinet <> spine
spining <> dönüy
spink <> Spink
spinlock <> Spinl
spinnaker <> kotra
spinner <> örümc
spinner <> dönen
spinner <> eğire
spinner <> eğirm
spinner <> ip 
spinner <> ipekb
spinner <> olta
spinner <> spinn
spinner <> topaç
spinnerette <> Spinn
spinnet <> Spinn
spinney <> çalıl
spinney <> koru
spinning <> döndü
spinning <> eğirm
spinny <> spinl
spinocerebellar <> spino
spinor <> spinö
spinors <> spinö
spinose <> diken
spinose <> iğne
spinose <> iğnel
spinose <> sivri
spinous <> diken
spinous <> iğne
spinous <> iğnel
spinous <> sivri
spinouts <> bölün
spins <> spin
spinster <> evde
spinster <> evlen
spinster <> kız
spinster <> kız 
spinster <> yaşlı
spinsterhood <> evde
spinsterhood <> evlen
spinsterhood <> yaşı
spinsterish <> evde
spinsterish <> evlen
spinsterish <> yaşlı
spinsterly <> evde
spinsterly <> evlen
spinsterly <> yaşlı
spinto <> Spint
spiny <> çatal
spiny <> diken
spiny <> güçlü
spiny <> kılçı
spiracle <> hava
spiracle <> solun
spiraea <> Spira
spiral <> bobin
spiral <> enfla
spiral <> helez
spiral <> heloz
spiral <> sarma
spiral <> spira
spiral <> yay 
spiraled <> spira
spirality <> may 
spiralled <> spira
spiralling <> spira
spirally <> spira
spirals <> spira
spirant <> nefes
spiration <> Spira
spire <> çan 
spire <> döne
spire <> helez
spire <> ince
spire <> kule
spire <> minar
spire <> sarma
spire <> sivri
spire <> tepe
spired <> sivri
spires <> kules
spiric <> Spiri
spirit <> örnek
spirit <> özel
spirit <> üstün
spirit <> şevk
spirit <> can
spirit <> canla
spirit <> cesar
spirit <> güç
spirit <> gerçe
spirit <> hayal
spirit <> heves
spirit <> insan
spirit <> ispir
spirit <> manev
spirit <> neşe
spirit <> neşel
spirit <> peri
spirit <> ruh
spirit <> ruh 
spirited <> canlı
spirited <> cesur
spirited <> espri
spirited <> güçlü
spirited <> heves
spirited <> heyec
spirited <> huylu
spirited <> mizaç
spirited <> nükte
spirited <> neşel
spiritedness <> şevk
spiritedness <> canlı
spiritedness <> zinde
spiritism <> ispri
spiritism <> ruhla
spiritism <> spiri
spiritism <> tinse
spiritist <> ispri
spiritist <> ruhla
spiritless <> cansı
spiritless <> cesar
spiritless <> korka
spiritless <> pısır
spiritless <> ruhsu
spiritless <> sönük
spirits <> alkol
spiritual <> akıll
spiritual <> akli
spiritual <> düşün
spiritual <> dini
spiritual <> espri
spiritual <> manev
spiritual <> ruhan
spiritual <> ruhsa
spiritual <> tanrı
spiritual <> zeki
spiritualism <> ispri
spiritualism <> metaf
spiritualism <> ruhan
spiritualism <> ruhla
spiritualism <> spiri
spiritualism <> tinse
spiritualist <> cinci
spiritualist <> ruhla
spiritualist <> spiri
spiritualist <> tinse
spirituality <> dinse
spirituality <> kilis
spirituality <> manev
spirituality <> ruhan
spirituality <> tinse
spiritualize <> manev
spiritualize <> tinse
spiritualized <> Spiri
spiritually <> ruhsa
spirituous <> alkol
spirituous <> damıt
spirituous <> ispir
spiritus <> Spiri
spirochaete <> spiro
spirochaetes <> spiro
spirogyra <> Spiro
spirometer <> spiro
spirometers <> spiro
spirometric <> spiro
spirometry <> spiro
spironolactone <> spiro
spiry <> helez
spiry <> sarma
spiry <> sivri
spiry <> spira
spiss <> Spiss
spit <> çıkar
spit <> çıtır
spit <> çisel
spit <> şiş
spit <> şişe
spit <> şişle
spit <> basma
spit <> bir 
spit <> cızır
spit <> deniz
spit <> fokur
spit <> haykı
spit <> kopya
spit <> kum 
spit <> söyle
spit <> saçma
spit <> salya
spit <> serpi
spit <> tükür
spit <> tıpat
spit <> tısla
spital <> Spita
spite <> üzmek
spite <> garez
spite <> hıncı
spite <> inat
spite <> kin
spite <> kin 
spite <> nispe
spite <> rağme
spite <> zarar
spiteful <> cadal
spiteful <> kinci
spiteful <> kinda
spiteful <> nispe
spitefully <> kinda
spitefully <> nispe
spitefulness <> kötül
spitefulness <> kinci
spitefulness <> kinda
spitfire <> çabuk
spitfire <> asabi
spitfire <> ateş
spitfire <> püskü
spitfire <> sönme
spitfires <> Spitf
spits <> şişle
spitting <> tükür
spittle <> salya
spittle <> tükür
spittoon <> tükür
spitz <> Pomer
spiv <> karab
spiv <> kirli
spiv <> vurgu
spiv <> yasad
splanchnic <> iç 
splash <> çamur
splash <> şıp
splash <> şapır
splash <> şap
splash <> benek
splash <> cup
splash <> cup 
splash <> fışır
splash <> fiyak
splash <> foş
splash <> hava
splash <> içkiy
splash <> reklâ
splash <> sükse
splash <> sürme
splash <> sıçra
splash <> sansa
splash <> serpi
splash <> serpm
splash <> su 
splash <> suya
splash <> yıkam
splash <> yıkan
splash <> yağma
splashboard <> çamur
splashed <> sıçra
splasher <> çamur
splasher <> kalka
splasher <> siper
splashes <> sıçra
splashguard <> Sıçra
splashing <> Sıçra
splashproof <> su 
splashy <> çamur
splashy <> ıslak
splashy <> benek
splashy <> heyec
splashy <> lekel
splashy <> rengâ
splashy <> sükse
splashy <> sıçra
splashy <> sansa
splat <> uyarı
splats <> uyarı
splatter <> şapır
splatter <> sıçra
splatter <> serpi
splatter <> serpm
splatter <> su 
splatter <> yağma
splattered <> sıçra
splatters <> Splat
splay <> şev
splay <> şevli
splay <> dışa
splay <> geniş
splay <> kaba
splay <> tarak
splay <> tuhaf
splay <> yayıl
splay <> yayva
splay <> yerin
splayed <> tarak
splayed <> yayva
splayfoot <> düzta
splayfoot <> tarak
splayfooted <> düzta
spleen <> dalak
spleen <> hüzün
spleen <> hınç
spleen <> huysu
spleen <> kaçık
spleen <> karas
spleenful <> aksi
spleenful <> huysu
spleenful <> karas
spleenful <> melan
spleenish <> aksi
spleenish <> huysu
spleenish <> karas
spleenish <> melan
spleenless <> dalak
spleenless <> iyi 
spleens <> dalak
splendent <> ışıkl
splendent <> şaşaa
splendent <> göste
splendent <> parla
splendid <> görke
splendid <> harik
splendid <> mükem
splendid <> müthi
splendid <> muhte
splendid <> olağa
splendid <> parla
splendidness <> şaşaa
splendidness <> görke
splendidness <> göste
splendidness <> parla
splendiferous <> acayi
splendiferous <> göz 
splendiferous <> mükem
splendiferous <> müthi
splendor <> görke
splendor <> ihtiş
splendor <> parla
splendors <> nimet
splendour <> görke
splendour <> ihtiş
splendour <> parla
splendours <> ihtiş
splenectomized <> splen
splenectomy <> splen
splenetic <> aşırı
splenetic <> dalağ
splenetic <> dalak
splenetic <> huysu
splenetic <> merak
splenial <> splen
splenic <> dalak
splenium <> splen
splenomegaly <> splen
splice <> çok 
splice <> birbi
splice <> ek
splice <> ek 
splice <> eklem
splice <> evlen
splice <> geçme
splice <> iki 
splice <> uçlar
splicers <> ekley
splices <> ekler
splicing <> yapış
spline <> şaft
spline <> şerit
spline <> eğri
spline <> kama
spline <> oluk
spline <> tahta
spline <> yiv
splined <> freze
splines <> splin
splint <> arduv
splint <> cebir
splint <> kırık
splint <> kemik
splint <> maşal
splint <> nasır
splint <> splin
splinter <> dağıl
splinter <> kıymı
splinter <> parça
splinter <> yarma
splintered <> kıymı
splintering <> parça
splinterproof <> çatla
splinterproof <> bomba
splinterproof <> dağıl
splinterproof <> kırıl
splinters <> parça
splintery <> kıymı
splintery <> parça
splinting <> splin
splints <> atell
split <> çatla
split <> çekip
split <> ayırm
split <> ayrık
split <> ayrıl
split <> bölüş
split <> bölün
split <> bölme
split <> boşan
split <> bozuş
split <> defol
split <> dondu
split <> gülme
split <> hafiy
split <> ince
split <> ispiy
split <> kılı
split <> kırık
split <> kırıl
split <> kırma
split <> katıl
split <> kopma
split <> mahve
split <> muhbi
split <> parça
split <> payla
split <> titiz
split <> yıkma
split <> yarık
split <> yarıl
split <> yarım
split <> yarma
splits <> böler
splits <> bacak
splitted <> Bölün
splitters <> bölüc
splitting <> çok 
splitting <> şidde
splitting <> aşırı
splitting <> acı
splitting <> bölün
splitting <> bölme
splitting <> delic
splitting <> farkı
splitting <> gülme
splitting <> kahka
splitting <> keski
splitting <> ortal
splitting <> yarıl
splitting <> yarma
splodge <> benek
splodge <> bulaş
splodge <> leke
splodge <> lekel
splore <> Splor
splotch <> benek
splotch <> bulaş
splotch <> leke
splotch <> lekel
splotchy <> benek
splotchy <> lekel
splurge <> göste
splurge <> hava
splurge <> para
splurge <> savur
splutter <> çıtır
splutter <> çabuk
splutter <> öfkey
splutter <> akmak
splutter <> boğul
splutter <> cızır
splutter <> fışkı
splutter <> konuş
splutter <> mürek
splutter <> sıçra
splutter <> saçma
splutter <> tükür
spoil <> çürüm
spoil <> çalın
spoil <> şımar
spoil <> avant
spoil <> berba
spoil <> bozma
spoil <> bozul
spoil <> dozun
spoil <> ganim
spoil <> kaçır
spoil <> kazan
spoil <> mahru
spoil <> memur
spoil <> nazlı
spoil <> tadın
spoil <> yüz 
spoil <> yağma
spoilage <> bozul
spoilage <> hasar
spoilage <> hurda
spoiled <> şımar
spoiled <> berba
spoiled <> bozul
spoiled <> nazlı
spoiler <> hız 
spoiler <> hava
spoiler <> rüzga
spoiler <> uçak
spoilers <> Spoil
spoiling <> bozma
spoiling <> bozuc
spoils <> artık
spoils <> avant
spoils <> dökün
spoils <> ganim
spoils <> kalın
spoils <> memur
spoilsman <> koltu
spoilsport <> mızık
spoilsport <> oyunb
spoilt <> şımar
spoilt <> berba
spoilt <> bozul
spoilt <> nazlı
spoke <> çubuk
spoke <> fren
spoke <> konuş
spoke <> porta
spoke <> teker
spoken <> konuş
spokes <> konuş
spokeshave <> kürek
spokeshave <> parma
spokesman <> sözcü
spokesman <> temsi
spokesmen <> sözcü
spokespeople <> sözcü
spokesperson <> sözcü
spokespersons <> sözcü
spokeswoman <> sözcü
spoliate <> gaspe
spoliate <> talan
spoliate <> yağma
spoliation <> gasp
spoliation <> kanıt
spoliation <> talan
spoliation <> yağma
spondaic <> iki
spondaic <> iki 
spondee <> iki
spondee <> iki 
spondyl <> omur
spondylitis <> spond
spondylolisthesis <> spond
spondylolysis <> spond
spondylosis <> spond
spong <> Spong
sponge <> alkol
sponge <> asala
sponge <> ayyaş
sponge <> beleş
sponge <> içkic
sponge <> mayal
sponge <> otlak
sponge <> pandi
sponge <> sünge
sponge <> uskun
sponged <> sünge
sponger <> asala
sponger <> bedav
sponger <> beleş
sponger <> kumaş
sponger <> otlak
sponger <> sünge
spongers <> sünge
sponges <> sünge
sponginess <> sünge
sponging <> başka
sponging <> otlak
sponging <> sünge
spongiosa <> spong
spongious <> sünge
spongy <> delik
spongy <> gözen
spongy <> sünge
spongy <> yumuş
sponsal <> balay
sponsal <> düğün
sponsal <> evlen
sponsion <> devle
sponsion <> güven
sponsion <> kefal
sponsion <> kefil
sponsor <> arka
sponsor <> deste
sponsor <> finan
sponsor <> hami
sponsor <> himay
sponsor <> kefil
sponsor <> korum
sponsor <> maddi
sponsor <> para
sponsor <> paras
sponsor <> spons
sponsor <> vafti
sponsored <> spons
sponsorial <> arka
sponsorial <> deste
sponsorial <> finan
sponsorial <> kefil
sponsoring <> spons
sponsors <> spons
sponsorship <> Spons
sponsorship <> deste
sponsorship <> himay
sponsorship <> kefil
sponsorships <> spons
spontaneity <> doğal
spontaneity <> içind
spontaneity <> içten
spontaneity <> kendi
spontaneous <> çabuk
spontaneous <> düşün
spontaneous <> doğal
spontaneous <> içten
spontaneous <> kendi
spontaneous <> otoma
spontaneous <> spont
spontaneously <> kendi
spontaneousness <> doğal
spontaneousness <> içten
spontaneousness <> kendi
spoof <> aldat
spoof <> dolan
spoof <> işlet
spoof <> kafa
spoof <> kafes
spoof <> kandı
spoof <> makar
spoof <> sazan
spoofed <> sahte
spoofer <> parod
spoofing <> sızdı
spoofs <> takli
spook <> ajan
spook <> casus
spook <> hayal
spook <> hortl
spooked <> korkm
spooking <> korku
spookish <> hayal
spookish <> tekin
spooks <> Spook
spooky <> hayal
spooky <> spook
spooky <> tekin
spool <> bobin
spool <> makar
spooled <> birik
spooler <> birik
spoolers <> kuyru
spooling <> birik
spools <> makar
spoon <> çıkma
spoon <> aşık
spoon <> divan
spoon <> flört
spoon <> golf
spoon <> kaşık
spoon <> kepçe
spoon <> oynaş
spoon <> zevze
spoon <> zoka
spoonbill <> kaşık
spooned <> gezdi
spooner <> Spoon
spoonfed <> Spoon
spoonfeed <> üzeri
spoonfeed <> şımar
spoonfeed <> deste
spoonfeed <> kaşık
spoonfeed <> nazlı
spoonfeed <> teşvi
spoonful <> kaşık
spoonfuls <> kaşık
spooning <> kaşık
spoons <> kaşık
spoony <> hassa
spoony <> zevze
spoor <> av 
spoor <> hayva
spoor <> iz
spoor <> iz 
sporades <> Spora
sporadic <> ara 
sporadic <> arada
sporadic <> aralı
sporadic <> tek
sporadic <> tek 
sporadical <> spora
sporadically <> düzen
spore <> köken
spore <> kayna
spore <> spor
spores <> sporl
sporiferous <> spor
sporiferous <> sporl
sporopollenin <> sporo
sporozoa <> sporl
sporozoites <> sporo
sporran <> İskoç
sport <> örnek
sport <> övünm
sport <> şaka
sport <> centi
sport <> eğlen
sport <> göste
sport <> oyun
sport <> oyunc
sport <> soyun
sport <> spor
sport <> spors
sport <> takıl
sport <> zevk
sporter <> Sport
sportier <> sport
sportiest <> sport
sportiness <> sport
sporting <> av
sporting <> avcıl
sporting <> dürüs
sporting <> spor
sporting <> sport
sportive <> şen
sportive <> neşel
sportive <> oyunc
sportive <> sporc
sportive <> sport
sports <> spor
sportscast <> spor
sportscaster <> spor
sportscasts <> maçla
sportsman <> örnek
sportsman <> centi
sportsman <> sporc
sportsman <> sport
sportsmanlike <> centi
sportsmanlike <> sport
sportsmanship <> centi
sportsmanship <> sporc
sportsmanship <> sport
sportsmen <> sporc
sportsperson <> sporc
sportspersons <> sporc
sportswear <> spor
sportswears <> spor
sportswoman <> bayan
sportswoman <> sporc
sportswomen <> sporc
sportswriter <> spor
sporty <> şık
sporty <> centi
sporty <> göste
sporty <> spors
sporty <> sport
sporulated <> sporl
sporulating <> sporl
sporulation <> Sporl
spot <> ayıp
spot <> ayırt
spot <> azıcı
spot <> benek
spot <> eğlen
spot <> görme
spot <> gece
spot <> hemen
spot <> leke
spot <> lekel
spot <> nokta
spot <> olay
spot <> peşin
spot <> puan
spot <> reklâ
spot <> sahne
spot <> seçme
spot <> spot
spot <> tanım
spot <> yer
spot <> yerin
spot <> yerle
spot <> zor 
spotless <> lekes
spotlessly <> terte
spotlight <> far
spotlight <> sahne
spotlight <> spot
spotlighted <> tanıt
spotlights <> sahne
spots <> hemen
spots <> nokta
spots <> peşin
spots <> sahne
spotte <> Spot
spotted <> benek
spotted <> kirli
spotted <> lekel
spotted <> nokta
spotted <> puanl
spotted <> puant
spotter <> dedek
spotter <> gözcü
spotter <> mağaz
spotting <> seçme
spotting <> tanım
spotty <> aynı
spotty <> benek
spotty <> lekel
spotty <> nokta
spotty <> puanl
spotty <> puant
spotty <> sivil
spousal <> eş
spousal <> evlen
spousal <> evlil
spousal <> nikâh
spousals <> evlen
spousals <> nikâh
spouse <> eş
spouse <> hayat
spouse <> karı
spouse <> koca
spouses <> Eşler
spout <> balin
spout <> ezber
spout <> fışkı
spout <> heyec
spout <> içind
spout <> ibrik
spout <> oluk
spout <> püskü
spout <> tumtu
spout <> yükse
spouted <> ağızl
spouter <> fışkı
spouter <> su 
spouter <> tumtu
spouts <> ağızl
sprag <> fren
sprag <> köste
sprag <> morin
sprag <> takoz
sprain <> burkm
sprain <> burku
sprain <> incit
sprained <> burku
spraining <> Burku
sprains <> burku
sprang <> fırla
sprat <> çaçab
sprat <> hamsi
sprats <> Sprat
sprawl <> dağıl
sprawl <> geliş
sprawl <> geniş
sprawl <> seres
sprawl <> seril
sprawl <> uzanm
sprawl <> yayıl
sprawled <> yayıl
sprawling <> büyüy
sprawling <> geniş
sprawling <> yayıl
sprawls <> kenti
spray <> çisel
spray <> bahar
spray <> filiz
spray <> püskü
spray <> sürgü
spray <> serpi
spray <> serpm
spray <> sprey
sprayed <> püskü
sprayer <> püskü
sprayer <> sprey
sprayers <> Püskü
spraying <> püskü
sprays <> sprey
spread <> örtü
spread <> şölen
spread <> şişma
spread <> açık
spread <> açıkl
spread <> açılm
spread <> açmak
spread <> ara
spread <> ayırm
spread <> bulaş
spread <> döşem
spread <> dağıl
spread <> ekmeğ
spread <> göz 
spread <> geniş
spread <> gergi
spread <> iki 
spread <> iyice
spread <> kâr o
spread <> sürül
spread <> sürme
spread <> sapma
spread <> serme
spread <> uzanm
spread <> uzatm
spread <> yayıl
spread <> yayma
spread <> ziyaf
spreadability <> yayıl
spreaded <> örtü
spreaded <> şölen
spreaded <> şişma
spreaded <> açık
spreaded <> açıkl
spreaded <> açılm
spreaded <> açmak
spreaded <> ara
spreaded <> ayırm
spreaded <> bulaş
spreaded <> döşem
spreaded <> dağıl
spreaded <> ekmeğ
spreaded <> göz 
spreaded <> geniş
spreaded <> gergi
spreaded <> iki 
spreaded <> iyice
spreaded <> kâr o
spreaded <> sürül
spreaded <> sürme
spreaded <> sapma
spreaded <> serme
spreaded <> uzanm
spreaded <> uzatm
spreaded <> yayıl
spreaded <> yayma
spreaded <> ziyaf
spreader <> anten
spreader <> dağıt
spreader <> duş 
spreader <> gübre
spreader <> gergi
spreader <> iki 
spreader <> püskü
spreader <> serpi
spreader <> terey
spreader <> yayıc
spreaders <> serpm
spreadeth <> yayıl
spreading <> açılm
spreading <> açma
spreading <> dağıt
spreading <> germe
spreading <> serpm
spreading <> yayma
spreads <> yayıl
spreadsheet <> tablo
spreadsheets <> tablo
spree <> alem
spree <> cümbü
sprees <> cümbü
sprig <> başsı
sprig <> bahar
sprig <> delik
sprig <> fışkı
sprig <> filiz
sprig <> ince
sprightliness <> canlı
sprightliness <> neşe
sprightly <> şen
sprightly <> şen 
sprightly <> canlı
sprightly <> hayat
sprightly <> neşel
sprightly <> neşey
spring <> çıkma
spring <> çıtla
spring <> çarpm
spring <> çatla
spring <> ödeme
spring <> atlam
spring <> bükül
spring <> bükme
spring <> bahar
spring <> birde
spring <> doğma
spring <> eğilm
spring <> eğmek
spring <> esnek
spring <> esnem
spring <> fırla
spring <> hapis
spring <> ikram
spring <> ilkba
spring <> infil
spring <> köken
spring <> kayna
spring <> kemer
spring <> memba
spring <> ortay
spring <> pınar
spring <> pat 
spring <> patla
spring <> sökme
spring <> sıçra
spring <> susta
spring <> tahli
spring <> yay
spring <> yay 
spring <> yaylı
spring <> yayla
spring <> zembe
springboard <> sıçra
springboard <> tramp
springboards <> tramp
springbok <> kesel
springboks <> Sprin
springe <> ilmek
springe <> kapan
springe <> tuzağ
springe <> tuzak
springed <> Yaylı
springer <> kemer
springer <> spany
springiness <> esnek
springiness <> yaylı
springiness <> yayla
springing <> doldu
springing <> sıçra
springing <> tıkam
springing <> tonoz
springs <> yayla
springtide <> şidde
springtide <> bahar
springtide <> coşku
springtide <> deniz
springtide <> heyec
springtide <> ilkba
springtime <> bahar
springtime <> ilkba
springwood <> Sprin
springy <> canlı
springy <> elast
springy <> enerj
springy <> esnek
springy <> yay 
springy <> yaylı
springy <> zıpkı
sprinkle <> çisel
sprinkle <> ıslat
sprinkle <> azıcı
sprinkle <> ekme
sprinkle <> ekmek
sprinkle <> lekel
sprinkle <> saçıl
sprinkle <> saçma
sprinkle <> serpi
sprinkle <> serpm
sprinkle <> sulam
sprinkle <> tutam
sprinkled <> serpi
sprinkler <> fıski
sprinkler <> kutsa
sprinkler <> püskü
sprinkler <> sulam
sprinkler <> yağmu
sprinkler <> yangı
sprinklers <> sprin
sprinkles <> Sprin
sprinkling <> azıcı
sprinkling <> ekme
sprinkling <> serpi
sprinkling <> serpm
sprinkling <> tutam
sprint <> acele
sprint <> hızlı
sprint <> koşuş
sprint <> sürat
sprinter <> kısa
sprinter <> sürat
sprinter <> yarış
sprinters <> sprin
sprinting <> sprin
sprints <> sprin
sprit <> açave
sprit <> seren
sprite <> şakac
sprite <> cin
sprite <> hayal
sprite <> peri
sprites <> sprit
sprits <> Sprit
spritsail <> yan 
spritz <> Sprit
sprocket <> film
sprocket <> zinci
sprockets <> Dişli
sprout <> çimle
sprout <> bitme
sprout <> filiz
sprout <> sürgü
sprout <> tomur
sprouted <> filiz
sprouting <> filiz
sprouts <> Brüks
sprouts <> filiz
spruce <> çeki
spruce <> şık
spruce <> alaça
spruce <> düzel
spruce <> düzgü
spruce <> ladin
spruce <> temiz
spruceness <> şıklı
spruceness <> fiyak
spruceness <> zaraf
spruces <> alaça
sprue <> bağır
sprue <> döküm
sprue <> tropi
sprues <> yollu
sprung <> bel 
sprung <> eğilm
sprung <> esnek
sprung <> esnem
sprung <> yaylı
spry <> çevik
spry <> açıkg
spry <> dinç
spry <> faal
spud <> çapa
spud <> çapal
spud <> kısa
spud <> kazma
spud <> mala
spud <> patat
spud <> spatu
spuds <> Spuds
spue <> istif
spue <> kusma
spue <> kustu
spule <> Spule
spume <> köpük
spumous <> köpük
spumy <> köpük
spun <> çekil
spun <> bükül
spun <> eğiri
spun <> incel
spun <> iplik
spun <> lifi
spunbonded <> ısıl
spunk <> öfke
spunk <> alev
spunk <> atakl
spunk <> cesar
spunk <> hidde
spunk <> kıvıl
spunk <> kav
spunk <> yürek
spunky <> çabuk
spunky <> öfkel
spunky <> atak
spunky <> cesur
spunky <> parla
spunky <> sinir
spunky <> yiğit
spur <> çıkın
spur <> cumba
spur <> dürtü
spur <> dürtm
spur <> dağ 
spur <> dehle
spur <> deste
spur <> güdü
spur <> mahmu
spur <> meyve
spur <> payan
spur <> teşvi
spurge <> sütle
spurious <> evlil
spurious <> gayri
spurious <> kalp
spurious <> piç
spurious <> sahte
spurious <> suni
spurious <> yapay
spurious <> yapma
spuriousness <> sahte
spuriousness <> takli
spurn <> geri
spurn <> hiçe
spurn <> redde
spurn <> tekme
spurn <> tepme
spurred <> mahmu
spurred <> uzant
spurrey <> karan
spurrier <> mahmu
spurry <> karan
spurs <> mahmu
spurt <> ani 
spurt <> fışkı
spurt <> gayre
spurt <> hamle
spurt <> olağa
spurt <> son 
spurts <> Spurt
sputnik <> sputn
sputter <> çıtır
sputter <> çabuk
sputter <> boğul
sputter <> cızır
sputter <> konuş
sputter <> mürek
sputter <> sıçra
sputter <> tükür
sputter <> yağ 
sputtered <> Püskü
sputtering <> püskü
sputters <> lamba
sputum <> balga
sputum <> salya
sputum <> tükür
spy <> ajan
spy <> casus
spy <> gözet
spy <> gözle
spy <> gizli
spy <> hafiy
spy <> ispiy
spy <> köste
spycatcher <> SpyCa
spyglass <> küçük
spyglass <> tek 
spyhole <> gözet
spying <> casus
spymaster <> Spyma
squab <> güver
squab <> minde
squabble <> ağız
squabble <> atışm
squabble <> hırgü
squabbled <> tartı
squabbles <> çekiş
squabbling <> kavga
squabby <> bodur
squabs <> minde
squad <> bölük
squad <> bölüm
squad <> depar
squad <> ekip
squad <> manga
squad <> takım
squadron <> filo
squadron <> süvar
squadron <> uçak
squadron <> zırhl
squadrons <> filo
squads <> Kadro
squalene <> skual
squalid <> bakım
squalid <> kirli
squalid <> miski
squalid <> pis
squalid <> sefil
squalidity <> bakım
squalidity <> sefal
squalidness <> bakım
squalidness <> sefal
squall <> ani 
squall <> avazı
squall <> bora
squall <> cırla
squall <> ciyak
squall <> fırtı
squall <> ferya
squall <> karga
squall <> kasır
squall <> sağan
squall <> yayga
squaller <> cırla
squaller <> yayga
squalls <> bağrı
squalls <> başrı
squalls <> ferya
squally <> boral
squally <> fırtı
squalor <> bakım
squalor <> pisli
squalor <> sefal
squama <> balık
squama <> kabuk
squama <> pul
squamate <> üzeri
squamate <> pul 
squamate <> pullu
squames <> skuam
squamous <> üzeri
squamous <> pul 
squamous <> pullu
squamous <> skuam
squander <> çarçu
squander <> boşa
squander <> har 
squander <> heba
squander <> israf
squander <> müsri
squander <> saçıp
squandered <> çarçu
squanderer <> müsri
squandering <> israf
squandering <> savur
squandermania <> aşırı
squandermania <> harca
squandermania <> israf
squanders <> çarçu
square <> ödeme
square <> açık
square <> ayarl
square <> bağda
square <> berab
square <> dördü
square <> dört
square <> dörtg
square <> dörtl
square <> dürüs
square <> düzel
square <> düzgü
square <> dik
square <> dik 
square <> doğru
square <> eski
square <> gönye
square <> halle
square <> kare
square <> karel
square <> kares
square <> katı
square <> kesin
square <> meyda
square <> para
square <> sütun
square <> satra
square <> stand
square <> tam
square <> uydur
square <> uygun
square <> uymak
square <> yerle
squared <> kare
squarehead <> iskan
squarely <> kare
squareness <> dürüs
squareness <> geri
squareness <> iri 
squareness <> kare
squares <> karel
squaring <> kares
squash <> balka
squash <> bastı
squash <> ezme
squash <> ezmek
squash <> kabak
squash <> kalab
squash <> meyve
squash <> pelte
squashed <> ezik
squashes <> kabak
squashing <> Ezici
squat <> çökme
squat <> çömel
squat <> alçak
squat <> arazi
squat <> bücür
squat <> başka
squat <> bastı
squat <> bodur
squat <> güdük
squat <> izins
squat <> kurul
squats <> ağız
squatter <> çömel
squatter <> başka
squatter <> devle
squatter <> gecek
squatter <> koyun
squatters <> gecek
squatting <> çömel
squaw <> evli
squaw <> kızıl
squaw <> zevce
squawk <> şikây
squawk <> ciyak
squawk <> dırdı
squawk <> viyak
squawking <> ciyak
squeak <> cırla
squeak <> ciyak
squeak <> gıcır
squeak <> tiz 
squeaked <> cıyak
squeaker <> Squea
squeaking <> gıcır
squeaks <> gıcır
squeaky <> cızır
squeaky <> gıcır
squeaky <> tiz 
squeal <> ötme
squeal <> cırla
squeal <> ciyak
squeal <> gıcır
squeal <> ihbar
squeal <> ispiy
squeal <> ortağ
squeal <> sızla
squeal <> tiz 
squealer <> muhbi
squealer <> suç 
squeamish <> alıng
squeamish <> hassa
squeamish <> mides
squeamish <> titiz
squeamish <> zor 
squeamishness <> aşırı
squeamishness <> alıng
squeamishness <> hassa
squeamishness <> mides
squeamishness <> zor 
squeegee <> çekçe
squeegee <> cam 
squeegee <> fotoğ
squeegees <> Silic
squeezable <> sıkıl
squeezable <> sıkım
squeezable <> uslu
squeezable <> uysal
squeeze <> baskı
squeeze <> ezilm
squeeze <> ezmek
squeeze <> izdih
squeeze <> kucak
squeeze <> para
squeeze <> sığdı
squeeze <> sığma
squeeze <> sıkış
squeeze <> sıkma
squeeze <> suyun
squeeze <> tıkış
squeeze <> zorla
squeezed <> sıkıl
squeezer <> limon
squeezer <> pres
squeezer <> sıkac
squeezers <> sıkma
squeezes <> sıkar
squeezing <> sıkma
squeezy <> Squee
squelch <> çamur
squelch <> çiğne
squelch <> şap
squelch <> şap 
squelch <> bastı
squelch <> cıvık
squelch <> ezmek
squelch <> pesti
squelch <> suda
squelch <> sustu
squelch <> vıck
squelched <> bastı
squelcher <> sustu
squelcher <> yıkıc
squib <> dinam
squib <> fişek
squib <> hiciv
squib <> mayta
squib <> patla
squib <> taşla
squib <> yergi
squid <> kalam
squid <> mürek
squier <> Squie
squiffy <> çakır
squiffy <> sarho
squiggly <> dolam
squill <> adaso
squinched <> buruş
squinches <> tromp
squint <> şaşı
squint <> şaşıl
squint <> eğili
squint <> meyil
squint <> yan 
squinting <> şaşı
squinting <> şaşıl
squints <> gözle
squirarchy <> ağalı
squirarchy <> topra
squire <> avuka
squire <> bey
squire <> köy 
squire <> kaval
squire <> refak
squire <> topra
squirearchy <> ağalı
squirearchy <> topra
squires <> ağala
squirm <> kıvır
squirm <> kıvrı
squirm <> kıvra
squirmy <> iğren
squirmy <> kıvrı
squirmy <> kıvra
squirmy <> tiksi
squirrel <> sinca
squirrels <> sinca
squirt <> şırın
squirt <> bücür
squirt <> fışkı
squirt <> fıski
squirt <> kendi
squirt <> nanem
squirt <> püskü
squirt <> sıçra
squish <> şap 
squish <> ezmek
squish <> pelte
squish <> vıcık
squit <> SQUIT
squiz <> Squiz
sris <> SGİ
st <> Aziz
st <> sokak
st <> st
stab <> bıçak
stab <> delme
stab <> hançe
stab <> ihane
stab <> sapla
stabbed <> bıçak
stabber <> Stabb
stabbers <> Stabb
stabbing <> bıçak
stabbing <> sapla
stabbings <> bıçak
stabile <> stabi
stabilisation <> denge
stabilisation <> stabi
stabilise <> denge
stabilise <> sağla
stabilise <> stabi
stabilised <> stabi
stabiliser <> denge
stabiliser <> stabi
stabilisers <> stabi
stabilising <> stabi
stabilities <> stabi
stability <> ayrış
stability <> değiş
stability <> denge
stability <> durağ
stability <> güven
stability <> istik
stability <> karar
stability <> sağla
stability <> sabit
stability <> sarsı
stabilization <> denge
stabilization <> stabi
stabilizations <> stabi
stabilizator <> stabi
stabilizators <> stabi
stabilize <> denge
stabilize <> sağla
stabilize <> stabi
stabilized <> stabi
stabilizer <> denge
stabilizer <> stabi
stabilizers <> stabi
stabilizes <> stabi
stabilizing <> stabi
stable <> ahır
stable <> ahıra
stable <> ahırd
stable <> atlar
stable <> aziml
stable <> değiş
stable <> denge
stable <> durağ
stable <> ekip
stable <> istik
stable <> kadro
stable <> kalıc
stable <> karar
stable <> oturm
stable <> sağla
stable <> sabit
stable <> sarsı
stable <> sebat
stable <> yarış
stable <> yerle
stableboy <> seyis
stableman <> seyis
stablemate <> aynı
stablemate <> eküri
stableness <> ayrış
stableness <> değiş
stableness <> durağ
stableness <> istik
stableness <> kalıc
stableness <> karar
stableness <> sabit
stableness <> sarsı
stabler <> Stabl
stables <> ahır
stables <> ahırl
stabling <> ahır
stably <> stabi
stabs <> sapla
staccato <> kısa
staccato <> kesik
stachys <> Stach
stack <> çatma
stack <> baca
stack <> daire
stack <> egzoz
stack <> istif
stack <> küme
stack <> kümel
stack <> kitap
stack <> ortak
stack <> tüfek
stack <> tınaz
stack <> yükle
stack <> yığın
stack <> yığma
stacked <> yığıl
stacker <> istif
stackers <> stack
stacking <> istif
stacks <> yığın
stackyard <> tınaz
stactometer <> damla
stadia <> arazi
stadia <> stady
stadium <> Eski
stadium <> stady
stadiums <> stady
staff <> asa
staff <> basto
staff <> değne
staff <> deste
staff <> gereç
staff <> kadro
staff <> kurma
staff <> nota
staff <> perso
staff <> porte
staff <> prefa
staff <> uzun
staffed <> perso
staffers <> çalış
staffing <> perso
staffs <> değne
stag <> borsa
stag <> damsı
stag <> erkek
stag <> iri 
stag <> sap
stag <> spekü
stag <> yalnı
stage <> aşama
stage <> düzen
stage <> derec
stage <> erim
stage <> etap
stage <> evre
stage <> hazır
stage <> iskel
stage <> kadem
stage <> katma
stage <> menzi
stage <> mikro
stage <> ortam
stage <> safha
stage <> sahne
stage <> tabak
stage <> yönle
stage <> zemin
stagecoach <> menzi
stagecoach <> posta
staged <> sahne
stagehands <> sahne
stager <> deney
stager <> gedik
stager <> kaçın
stager <> kaşar
stagers <> Stage
stages <> aşama
stagey <> abart
stagey <> drama
stagey <> rol 
stagey <> sahne
stagflation <> stagf
stagger <> çakış
stagger <> bocal
stagger <> derec
stagger <> kulva
stagger <> sende
stagger <> serse
stagger <> tökez
stagger <> tered
stagger <> yalpa
staggered <> çakış
staggered <> aşama
staggered <> derec
staggering <> şaşır
staggering <> şok 
staggering <> sarsı
staggering <> sarsa
staggering <> sende
staggering <> serse
staggers <> baş
staggers <> baş 
staggers <> delib
staggy <> Stagg
staghorn <> geyik
staginess <> abart
staginess <> yapay
staging <> göste
staging <> iskel
staging <> mola
staging <> sahne
staging <> yapı
stagings <> sahne
stagnancy <> durgu
stagnancy <> harek
stagnancy <> kesat
stagnancy <> miski
stagnancy <> tembe
stagnant <> cansı
stagnant <> durgu
stagnant <> harek
stagnant <> mıymı
stagnant <> ruhsu
stagnant <> sönük
stagnant <> tembe
stagnate <> durgu
stagnate <> kesat
stagnated <> durak
stagnates <> harek
stagnating <> durgu
stagnation <> cansı
stagnation <> durgu
stagnation <> harek
stagnation <> kesat
stagnation <> mıymı
stagnation <> tembe
stags <> geyik
stagy <> abart
stagy <> drama
stagy <> rol 
stagy <> sahne
staid <> ağırb
staid <> ciddi
staid <> sabit
staid <> vakur
staidness <> ağırb
staidness <> ciddi
stain <> ağaca
stain <> boya
stain <> boyam
stain <> boyan
stain <> bozma
stain <> kir
stain <> kirle
stain <> leke
stain <> lekel
stain <> renkl
stainable <> boyan
stained <> lekel
stainer <> yapıc
staining <> boyal
staining <> boyan
staining <> kirle
staining <> lekel
staining <> renkl
stainings <> boyam
stainless <> lekes
stainless <> pasla
stainless <> terte
stains <> leke
stair <> basam
stair <> kadem
stair <> kat
staircase <> merdi
staircases <> merdi
stairhead <> sahan
stairlift <> merdi
stairlifts <> Gönde
stairs <> merdi
stairway <> merdi
stairways <> merdi
stairwell <> merdi
stairwells <> merdi
stake <> çıkar
stake <> örs
stake <> bahis
stake <> deste
stake <> direk
stake <> işken
stake <> kazığ
stake <> kazık
stake <> menfa
stake <> ortay
stake <> pot
stake <> riske
stake <> tehli
staked <> rest
stakeholder <> bahis
stakeholder <> depoz
stakeholder <> payda
stakeholders <> payda
stakeout <> polis
stakes <> kazık
stakhanovism <> Stakh
staking <> Staki
stal <> Stal
stalactite <> damla
stalactite <> sarkı
stalactite <> stala
stalactites <> sarkı
stalactitic <> sarkı
stalag <> Stala
stalagmite <> stala
stalagmites <> dikit
stalagmitic <> dikit
stale <> çiş
stale <> bayat
stale <> bitki
stale <> bozuk
stale <> bozul
stale <> eskim
stale <> işeme
stale <> sidik
stale <> tüken
stale <> vades
stale <> yorgu
stalemate <> çıkma
stalemate <> köşey
stalemate <> pata
stalemated <> çıkma
staleness <> bayat
staleness <> bitki
staleness <> yıpra
staleness <> yorgu
stales <> Stale
staling <> bayat
stalinism <> Stali
stalk <> ağır
stalk <> azame
stalk <> gizli
stalk <> kadeh
stalk <> kol 
stalk <> sap
stalk <> sarma
stalk <> sessi
stalk <> sinsi
stalk <> tüy 
stalk <> yapra
stalked <> saplı
stalker <> ava 
stalker <> iz 
stalker <> stalk
stalkers <> Stalk
stalkless <> sapsı
stalks <> sapla
stalky <> çöp 
stalky <> dayan
stalky <> saplı
stall <> ahır
stall <> bahan
stall <> durma
stall <> gecik
stall <> hızı
stall <> hız 
stall <> koltu
stall <> oyala
stall <> park
stall <> sapla
stall <> sargı
stall <> stand
stall <> stop
stall <> tezgâ
stall <> vakit
stall <> zaman
stallage <> stand
stallage <> tezgâ
stallation <> belge
stalled <> durdu
staller <> Stall
stalling <> durdu
stallings <> Stall
stallion <> aygır
stallion <> damız
stallions <> aygır
stallman <> Stall
stalls <> tezga
stalwart <> gözüp
stalwart <> güçlü
stalwart <> güven
stalwart <> korku
stalwart <> kuvve
stalwart <> sağla
stamen <> ercik
stamen <> erkek
stamina <> canlı
stamina <> dayan
stamina <> güç
stamina <> kuvve
stamina <> yaşam
staminal <> dayan
staminal <> ercik
staminal <> hayat
staminal <> yaşam
stammer <> kekel
stammer <> kekem
stammered <> kekel
stammerer <> kekem
stammering <> kekel
stammering <> kekem
stammers <> kekel
stamp <> çiğne
stamp <> özell
stamp <> ıstam
stamp <> ayağı
stamp <> basma
stamp <> bastı
stamp <> belir
stamp <> damga
stamp <> etike
stamp <> etki
stamp <> ezmek
stamp <> göste
stamp <> işlem
stamp <> iz
stamp <> izlen
stamp <> kaşe
stamp <> kalıp
stamp <> kanıt
stamp <> kazım
stamp <> mühür
stamp <> marka
stamp <> nitel
stamp <> onayl
stamp <> posta
stamp <> pul
stamp <> pul 
stamp <> pulla
stamp <> tasdi
stamp <> tepin
stamp <> yok 
stamp <> zımba
stamped <> mühür
stampede <> çil 
stampede <> ürküt
stampede <> ayakl
stampede <> bozgu
stampede <> izdih
stampede <> korku
stampede <> panik
stampede <> toplu
stampede <> zorla
stampeders <> Stamp
stampedes <> korku
stampeding <> Stamp
stamper <> ıstam
stamping <> ayak
stamping <> dökme
stamping <> mühür
stamping <> presl
stamps <> pulla
stance <> duruş
stance <> durum
stance <> vaziy
stances <> duruş
stanch <> durdu
stanch <> emin
stanch <> güven
stanch <> hava
stanch <> kesme
stanch <> sağla
stanch <> sadık
stanchion <> deste
stanchion <> direk
stanchion <> taşım
stanchion <> tutma
stanchions <> deste
stand <> çekil
stand <> üstle
stand <> ısmar
stand <> ayağa
stand <> ayak
stand <> ayakl
stand <> ayakt
stand <> bulun
stand <> dayan
stand <> deste
stand <> devam
stand <> dikil
stand <> diren
stand <> durak
stand <> durma
stand <> duruş
stand <> durum
stand <> ekim
stand <> göğüs
stand <> hal
stand <> işyer
stand <> ihtiy
stand <> kürsü
stand <> kalma
stand <> kanıt
stand <> karşı
stand <> katla
stand <> orman
stand <> sehpa
stand <> siney
stand <> tezgâ
stand <> tribü
stand <> yer
standage <> Stand
standalone <> Bağım
standard <> ölçü
standard <> ölçüt
standard <> ayar
standard <> bayra
standard <> derec
standard <> dik 
standard <> herke
standard <> kalit
standard <> klasi
standard <> miyar
standard <> model
standard <> norm
standard <> norma
standard <> payan
standard <> sanca
standard <> sembo
standard <> seviy
standard <> stand
standardisation <> ayarl
standardisation <> stand
standardisation <> tek 
standardisation <> titra
standardise <> ayarl
standardise <> stand
standardise <> tek 
standardise <> titre
standardised <> stand
standardising <> stand
standardization <> ayarl
standardization <> stand
standardization <> tek 
standardization <> titra
standardizations <> stand
standardize <> ayarl
standardize <> stand
standardize <> tek 
standardize <> titre
standardized <> stand
standardizer <> Stand
standardizes <> stand
standardizing <> stand
standardly <> stand
standards <> stand
standby <> Bekle
standee <> ayakt
standees <> Ayakt
standen <> Stand
stander <> Stand
standers <> İzley
standing <> ayakt
standing <> daimi
standing <> dik 
standing <> dikil
standing <> durgu
standing <> eskil
standing <> geçmi
standing <> itiba
standing <> konum
standing <> mevki
standing <> sürek
standing <> sabit
standing <> saygı
standing <> yer
standings <> sıral
standish <> Stand
standoff <> ayrıl
standoff <> savma
standoff <> soğuk
standoff <> uzak
standoff <> uzakl
standoffish <> çekin
standoffish <> ilgis
standoffish <> soğuk
standoffish <> uzak
standoffs <> zıtla
standpoint <> bakış
standpoint <> görüş
standpoints <> açıda
stands <> stand
standstill <> askıy
standstill <> durak
standstill <> durma
standstill <> kımıl
standstill <> sekte
stang <> Stang
stanhope <> tek
stanhope <> tek 
staniel <> kerke
stanky <> Stank
stannary <> kalay
stannic <> kalay
stannous <> kalay
stanza <> dörtl
stanza <> kıta
stanzas <> Kıtal
stap <> STAP
stapedectomy <> stape
stapes <> üzeng
staph <> Staph
staphylococcal <> stafi
staphylococci <> stafi
staphylococcus <> stafi
staphyloma <> stafi
staple <> çatal
staple <> ana
staple <> başlı
staple <> elyaf
staple <> esas
staple <> hamma
staple <> iplik
staple <> kapı
staple <> lif
staple <> lifle
staple <> pazar
staple <> piyas
staple <> rapti
staple <> sınıf
staple <> satış
staple <> tel 
staple <> temel
staple <> yerle
staple <> zımba
stapled <> zımba
stapler <> yün 
stapler <> zımba
staplers <> zımba
staples <> zımba
stapling <> zımba
star <> öneml
star <> şans
star <> büyük
star <> başro
star <> parla
star <> star
star <> yıldı
starbase <> beşli
starboard <> sanca
starch <> ciddi
starch <> kola
starch <> kolal
starch <> nişas
starch <> resmi
starch <> sertl
starched <> ciddi
starched <> kolal
starched <> resmi
starched <> sert
starches <> nişas
starchy <> özlü
starchy <> karbo
starchy <> kolal
starchy <> nişas
starchy <> resmi
starchy <> sert
starchy <> soğuk
starcraft <> StarC
starcrossed <> Starc
stardom <> ünlül
stardom <> starl
stardom <> yıldı
stare <> bakak
stare <> boş 
stare <> boşlu
stare <> dik 
stare <> gözü
stare <> gözün
stare <> gözle
stare <> hayre
stare <> sabit
stare <> stare
stared <> baktı
stares <> bakar
starfinch <> kızıl
starfish <> deniz
stargazer <> dalgı
stargazer <> hayal
stargazer <> ideal
stargazers <> Starg
staring <> bakan
staring <> dik 
staring <> göz 
staring <> göze
staring <> harek
staring <> parla
staring <> sabit
staringly <> büsbü
staringly <> tamam
stark <> ıssız
stark <> büsbü
stark <> kati
stark <> kesin
stark <> sırf
stark <> sade
stark <> sert
stark <> tümüy
stark <> tam
stark <> tamam
starked <> başla
starkers <> çırıl
starkers <> anada
starkest <> okudu
starking <> Stark
starks <> Stark
starless <> yıldı
starlet <> genç
starlet <> küçük
starlet <> yıldı
starlets <> Starl
starlight <> yıldı
starlights <> yıldı
starling <> köprü
starling <> sığır
starlings <> sığır
starlit <> yıldı
starn <> Starn
starred <> yıldı
starred <> zodya
starry <> ışıl
starry <> parla
starry <> yıldı
stars <> yıldı
starshine <> Stars
starship <> Stars
start <> çıkış
start <> çıkar
start <> çalış
start <> ürküt
start <> ürkme
start <> avant
start <> başla
start <> deste
start <> fırla
start <> gevşe
start <> harek
start <> irkil
start <> kalkm
start <> kayna
start <> korku
start <> koyul
start <> kurma
start <> sıçra
start <> start
start <> tartı
start <> yönel
start <> yola
started <> başla
starter <> apera
starter <> başla
starter <> marş
starter <> meze
starter <> start
starter <> yarış
starters <> Yeni
starting <> çıkış
starting <> çalış
starting <> başla
starting <> harek
starting <> koyul
startings <> çalış
startle <> ürküt
startle <> ürkme
startle <> şaşır
startle <> şaşma
startle <> afall
startle <> korku
startled <> şaşıp
startled <> şaşkı
startling <> ürkün
startling <> ürküt
startling <> şaşır
startling <> korku
startlingly <> şaşır
starts <> başla
startup <> başla
startups <> başla
starvation <> açlık
starvation <> besle
starve <> çok 
starve <> aç 
starve <> açlık
starve <> mahru
starve <> mides
starve <> sefal
starved <> hasre
starveling <> aç
starveling <> açlık
starveling <> bir 
starveling <> sefil
starves <> açlık
starving <> çok 
starving <> aç
stash <> güven
stash <> iyi 
stash <> sakla
stash <> son 
stasis <> dolaş
stasis <> kan 
stasis <> staz
state <> özel
state <> şart
state <> açıkl
state <> alem
state <> belir
state <> bildi
state <> bilgi
state <> debde
state <> devle
state <> durum
state <> evre
state <> eyale
state <> görke
state <> hal
state <> ifade
state <> kitab
state <> koşul
state <> konum
state <> mevki
state <> resmi
state <> söyle
state <> sapta
state <> tören
state <> tek 
statecraft <> devle
stated <> açıkl
stated <> belir
stated <> belli
stated <> düzen
stated <> kayıt
stateful <> durum
statehood <> eyale
statehouse <> eyale
stateless <> ülkes
stateless <> vatan
statelessness <> vatan
stateliness <> görke
stateliness <> haşme
stateliness <> heybe
stateliness <> ihtiş
stateliness <> lüks
stately <> görke
stately <> haşme
stately <> heybe
stately <> muhte
stately <> yüce
stately <> yükse
statement <> Açıkl
statement <> açıkl
statement <> beyan
statement <> bilan
statement <> bildi
statement <> demeç
statement <> ifade
statement <> rapor
statement <> söz
statement <> tarif
statements <> tablo
stateroom <> özel
stateroom <> lüks
staterooms <> State
states <> Ameri
states <> Türki
states <> derec
states <> paye
states <> sınıf
stateside <> Ameri
stateside <> yurti
statesman <> deney
statesman <> devle
statesmanship <> devle
statesmanship <> siyas
statesmen <> devle
statespersons <> Devle
statewide <> eyale
static <> değiş
static <> dingi
static <> durgu
static <> paraz
static <> sabit
static <> stati
statical <> stati
statically <> stati
statics <> dingi
statics <> paraz
statics <> stati
stating <> belir
statins <> stati
station <> üs
station <> atama
station <> durak
station <> görev
station <> gar
station <> istas
station <> kanal
station <> karak
station <> konum
station <> makam
station <> merke
station <> mevki
station <> rütbe
station <> santr
station <> tayin
station <> termi
station <> yer
station <> yerle
stationarity <> durağ
stationary <> değiş
stationary <> harek
stationary <> olduğ
stationary <> sabit
stationary <> stasy
stationary <> yerle
stationed <> konuş
stationer <> kırta
stationeries <> kırta
stationers <> kırta
stationery <> kırta
stationery <> mektu
stationery <> yazı
stationing <> konuş
stationmaster <> istas
stations <> istas
statism <> devle
statist <> devle
statist <> istat
statistic <> istat
statistical <> istat
statistically <> istat
statistician <> istat
statisticians <> İstat
statistics <> istat
statists <> devle
stator <> duraç
stator <> sabit
stator <> stato
stators <> stato
statoscope <> Stato
stats <> istat
statuaries <> heyke
statuary <> heyke
statue <> heyke
statue <> statü
statue <> yontu
statues <> heyke
statuesque <> heyke
statuette <> heyke
statuette <> küçük
statuettes <> heyke
stature <> önem
stature <> boy
stature <> endam
stature <> kişil
status <> durum
status <> hal
status <> konum
status <> mevki
status <> sosya
status <> statü
statuses <> durum
statute <> hüküm
statute <> kanun
statute <> kural
statute <> nizam
statute <> statü
statute <> tüzük
statute <> yasa
statutes <> tüzük
statutorily <> yasal
statutory <> kanun
statutory <> meşru
statutory <> resmi
statutory <> yasal
staunch <> durdu
staunch <> emin
staunch <> güven
staunch <> hava
staunch <> kesme
staunch <> sağla
staunch <> sadık
staunchest <> sadık
staurolite <> stavr
stave <> çıta
stave <> çubuk
stave <> fıçı
stave <> fıçıy
stave <> kıta
stave <> nota
stave <> porta
stave <> porte
staves <> nota
staves <> porte
stavesacre <> Stave
staw <> Staw
stay <> önlem
stay <> alıko
stay <> bırak
stay <> bekle
stay <> dayan
stay <> deste
stay <> durdu
stay <> durma
stay <> engel
stay <> ertel
stay <> gergi
stay <> germe
stay <> ikame
stay <> istra
stay <> kalma
stay <> oturm
stay <> oyala
stay <> sabit
stay <> ziyar
stayed <> kaldı
stayer <> aziml
stayer <> sonun
stayer <> vazge
staying <> kalma
staying <> oturm
stayman <> Staym
stays <> kalır
stays <> korse
stead <> başka
stead <> fayda
stead <> yarar
stead <> yer
stead <> yerin
steadfast <> ısrar
steadfast <> değiş
steadfast <> karar
steadfast <> sabit
steadfast <> sarsı
steadfast <> sebat
steadfastly <> inatl
steadfastness <> azim
steadfastness <> metan
steadfastness <> sabır
steadfastness <> sebat
steadicam <> Stead
steadier <> istik
steadily <> sürek
steadiness <> devam
steadiness <> istik
steadiness <> karar
steadiness <> metan
steadiness <> sabır
steadiness <> sabit
steadiness <> sebat
steady <> düzen
steady <> değiş
steady <> devam
steady <> harek
steady <> istik
steady <> kımıl
steady <> kıpır
steady <> kız 
steady <> kalıc
steady <> oturm
steady <> oynat
steady <> sürek
steady <> sağla
steady <> sabit
steady <> sakin
steady <> salla
steady <> sarsı
steady <> sevgi
steady <> titre
steady <> uzatm
steak <> bifte
steakhouse <> et 
steaks <> bifte
steal <> çaktı
steal <> çalın
steal <> çalma
steal <> aşırm
steal <> gizli
steal <> hırsı
steal <> kelep
steal <> sessi
stealer <> Steal
stealers <> Steal
stealing <> çalma
stealings <> Rus
steals <> çalıy
stealth <> gizli
stealthier <> gizle
stealthily <> sinsi
stealthiness <> gizli
stealthy <> gizli
stealthy <> hırsı
stealthy <> kaçam
steam <> öfke
steam <> buğu
steam <> buğul
steam <> buhar
steam <> enerj
steam <> güç
steam <> hidde
steam <> istim
steamboat <> vapur
steamed <> buhar
steamer <> düdük
steamer <> vapur
steamers <> vapur
steaming <> buhar
steamroller <> buhar
steamroller <> ezici
steamroller <> ezmek
steamroller <> muhal
steamroller <> silin
steamroller <> zorla
steams <> buhar
steamship <> vapur
steamships <> buhar
steamy <> buğul
steamy <> buhar
stearate <> stear
stearic <> organ
stearic <> stear
stearin <> stear
steatite <> sabun
steatorrhoea <> steat
steatosis <> yağla
stee <> Stee
steed <> at
steed <> savaş
steeds <> Steed
steel <> çelik
steel <> duygu
steel <> güçle
steel <> katı
steel <> sertl
steeled <> çelik
steeler <> Steel
steelers <> Steel
steelmaker <> çelik
steelmakers <> çelik
steelmaking <> çelik
steelman <> Steel
steelplate <> çelik
steels <> çelik
steelwork <> çelik
steelworkers <> metal
steelworks <> çelik
steely <> çelik
steely <> katı
steely <> sağla
steelyard <> kanta
steelyard <> kollu
steelyards <> kanta
steem <> Steem
steen <> Steen
steep <> ıslan
steep <> ıslat
steep <> aşırı
steep <> abart
steep <> demle
steep <> dik
steep <> dik 
steep <> doyur
steep <> fahiş
steep <> içirm
steep <> inanı
steep <> sarp
steep <> suda
steep <> suya
steep <> uçuru
steep <> yalçı
steeped <> demle
steepen <> aşırı
steepen <> dikle
steepen <> fırla
steepen <> yükse
steepened <> dikle
steepens <> dikle
steeper <> dik
steepest <> dik
steeping <> demle
steeple <> çan
steeple <> çan 
steeple <> kule
steeple <> minar
steeplechase <> engel
steeplejack <> baca
steeplejack <> kule
steeples <> kulel
steeply <> dik
steepness <> dikli
steepness <> sarpl
steepness <> yükse
steeps <> yamaç
steer <> öküz
steer <> dümen
steer <> dana
steer <> iğdiş
steer <> idare
steer <> sürme
steer <> yönet
steer <> yönle
steerable <> idare
steerable <> yönet
steerage <> ara 
steerage <> dümen
steerage <> idare
steered <> Yönle
steering <> dümen
steering <> direk
steering <> idare
steering <> sevk
steering <> yönet
steersman <> dümen
steersman <> serdü
steeve <> cıvad
steeve <> dikme
steeve <> vinç
steg <> Steg
steganography <> Stega
steganopod <> kürek
stegosaurus <> Stego
steil <> Steil
stein <> büyük
stein <> bira
steinbock <> STEIN
steins <> Stein
stela <> dikil
stela <> kitab
stelae <> stell
stele <> dikil
stele <> kitab
stele <> sapın
stele <> stel
steles <> stell
stellar <> yıldı
stellate <> yıldı
stellated <> yıldı
steller <> Stell
stells <> stell
stellular <> yıldı
stem <> çıkma
stem <> durdu
stem <> engel
stem <> gövde
stem <> gelme
stem <> kök
stem <> kadeh
stem <> karşı
stem <> kelim
stem <> kesme
stem <> kol 
stem <> pipo
stem <> pruva
stem <> sapın
stem <> sap
stem <> set 
stemless <> sapsı
stemmed <> saplı
stemmer <> kökü
stemmers <> kökle
stemming <> kayna
stempel <> Stemp
stems <> kayna
stemware <> kadeh
stemwares <> ÇEKME
stemwinder <> aksla
stench <> pis
stench <> pis 
stenching <> Leş 
stencil <> şablo
stencil <> basma
stencil <> kalıp
stencil <> marka
stencil <> model
stencil <> mumlu
stencil <> stens
stencil <> teksi
stencils <> şablo
steno <> steno
stenograph <> steno
stenographer <> steno
stenographic <> steno
stenography <> steno
stenosed <> darlı
stenoses <> steno
stenosis <> darlı
stenosis <> vücut
stenotic <> steno
stenotype <> steno
stented <> stent
stenting <> stent
stentor <> Stent
stentorian <> gök 
stentorian <> gür
step <> önlem
step <> üvey
step <> adım
step <> adıml
step <> ayak
step <> basam
step <> basma
step <> derec
step <> etmek
step <> giriş
step <> girme
step <> gitme
step <> harek
step <> kadem
step <> nota
step <> plato
step <> porte
step <> step
step <> tedbi
step <> terfi
step <> uygun
step <> yürüm
stepbrother <> üvey
stepchild <> üvey
stepdaughter <> üvey
stepdaughters <> kızla
stepfather <> üvey
stephane <> Steph
stephanotis <> yasem
stepladder <> ayakl
stepladder <> porta
stepmother <> üvey
stepmother <> analı
stepmotherly <> üvey
stepney <> Stepn
stepparents <> buna
steppe <> bozkı
steppe <> step
stepped <> basam
stepper <> step
steppers <> Stepp
steppes <> bozkı
steps <> adıml
steps <> ayak
steps <> ayakl
steps <> merdi
steps <> porta
steps <> taş 
stepsister <> üvey
stepson <> üvey
stepstone <> StepS
stepwise <> adım
stepwise <> olduk
stepwise <> yavaş
stercoral <> sterk
stereo <> üç 
stereo <> klişe
stereo <> müzik
stereo <> sağla
stereo <> stere
stereo <> teyp
stereoacuity <> stere
stereochemical <> stere
stereochemistry <> stere
stereognosis <> stere
stereogram <> Stere
stereograms <> stere
stereograph <> stere
stereographic <> stere
stereography <> stere
stereoisomer <> stere
stereoisomerism <> Stere
stereoisomers <> Stere
stereological <> stere
stereology <> stere
stereometric <> stere
stereometry <> katı
stereometry <> uzay
stereomicroscope <> stere
stereophonic <> stere
stereophonics <> Stere
stereos <> stere
stereoscope <> stere
stereoscopic <> stere
stereoscopical <> stere
stereoscopy <> üç 
stereoselective <> stere
stereosonic <> Stere
stereospecific <> stere
stereospecificity <> Stere
stereotactic <> stere
stereotactically <> stere
stereotaxic <> stere
stereotaxically <> steri
stereotaxy <> stere
stereotype <> basma
stereotype <> kalıp
stereotype <> klişe
stereotype <> stere
stereotype <> tuttu
stereotyped <> basma
stereotyped <> beyli
stereotyped <> klişe
stereotyped <> stere
stereotypes <> basma
stereotypic <> stere
stereotypical <> beyli
stereotypically <> klişe
stereotypies <> stero
stereotyping <> klişe
stereotypography <> stere
stereotypy <> stere
steric <> steri
sterical <> steri
sterically <> steri
sterile <> kısır
sterile <> mikro
sterile <> sonuç
sterile <> steri
sterile <> verim
sterilisation <> kısır
sterilisation <> mikro
sterilisation <> steri
sterilisation <> verim
sterilise <> kısır
sterilise <> mikro
sterilise <> steri
sterilise <> verim
sterilised <> mikro
sterilised <> steri
steriliser <> dezen
sterilisers <> steri
sterilises <> steri
sterilising <> steri
sterility <> kısır
sterility <> verim
sterilizable <> steri
sterilization <> kısır
sterilization <> mikro
sterilization <> steri
sterilization <> verim
sterilizations <> steri
sterilize <> kısır
sterilize <> mikro
sterilize <> steri
sterilize <> verim
sterilized <> mikro
sterilized <> steri
sterilizer <> steri
sterilizers <> steri
sterilizes <> steri
sterilizing <> steri
sterlet <> çığa
sterlet <> çoka
sterling <> gerçe
sterling <> hakik
sterling <> pound
sterling <> saf
sterling <> som
sterling <> sterl
stern <> şidde
stern <> acıma
stern <> amans
stern <> arka
stern <> haşin
stern <> inatç
stern <> kıç
stern <> katı
stern <> pupa
stern <> sert
sterna <> Stern
sternal <> göğüs
sternal <> stern
sterni <> stern
sternly <> sert
sternmost <> kıça
sternness <> katıl
sternness <> sertl
sternoclavicular <> stern
sternocleidomastoid <> stern
sternomastoid <> stern
sternotomy <> stern
sternpost <> kıç 
sterns <> Stern
sternum <> göğüs
sternutation <> aksır
sternutator <> aksır
sternutatory <> aksır
sternway <> torni
steroid <> stero
steroidal <> stero
steroidogenesis <> stero
steroidogenic <> stero
steroids <> stero
sterols <> stero
stertorous <> hırıl
stertorous <> horul
stet <> düzel
stet <> kalsı
stethoscope <> steto
stethoscopes <> steto
stethoscopic <> steto
stetson <> Stets
stevedore <> tahli
stevedore <> yük 
stevedore <> yükle
stevedores <> Steve
stevedoring <> yükle
steves <> Steve
stew <> balık
stew <> endiş
stew <> güveç
stew <> genel
stew <> istir
stew <> kısık
stew <> kapam
stew <> kendi
stew <> sıcak
stew <> yahni
steward <> bulaş
steward <> erkek
steward <> kâhya
steward <> kamar
steward <> yarış
stewardess <> bayan
stewardess <> hoste
stewardess <> kamar
stewarding <> Stewa
stewards <> temsi
stewardship <> bulaş
stewardship <> idare
stewardship <> kâhya
stewardship <> kamar
stewardship <> yönet
stewed <> ağır
stewed <> fazla
stewed <> fitil
stewed <> küfel
stewed <> sarho
stewed <> yahni
stewing <> pilak
stewpan <> güveç
stewpot <> tence
stews <> yemek
stian <> Stian
stibium <> Stibi
stibnite <> antim
stich <> Stich
stiches <> dikiş
stichwort <> Stich
stick <> çıkın
stick <> çıkam
stick <> çıkma
stick <> çıta
stick <> çakıl
stick <> çakma
stick <> çam 
stick <> çubuk
stick <> şaşır
stick <> alıko
stick <> ardar
stick <> asa
stick <> ayrıl
stick <> bıçak
stick <> bırak
stick <> basto
stick <> batır
stick <> dal 
stick <> dayan
stick <> değne
stick <> delme
stick <> direk
stick <> engel
stick <> geçir
stick <> hödük
stick <> iğnel
stick <> kandı
stick <> katla
stick <> kol
stick <> koyma
stick <> kumpa
stick <> sırık
stick <> sadık
stick <> sap
stick <> sapla
stick <> sokma
stick <> sopa
stick <> takıl
stick <> takma
stick <> tokma
stick <> tutma
stick <> tuttu
stick <> uçakt
stick <> uzatm
stick <> vites
stick <> yapış
sticked <> yapış
sticker <> etike
sticker <> inatç
sticker <> kasap
sticker <> piyan
sticker <> yapış
stickers <> çıkar
stickier <> yapış
stickies <> Stick
stickiness <> basık
stickiness <> havan
stickiness <> inatç
stickiness <> yapış
sticking <> yapış
stickit <> Stick
stickjaw <> dişle
stickle <> inat
stickle <> pürüz
stickle <> tered
stickle <> titiz
stickleback <> diken
stickler <> inatç
stickler <> titiz
stickler <> tutuc
stickman <> Stick
sticks <> sopa
sticky <> ıslak
sticky <> aşırı
sticky <> berba
sticky <> gönül
sticky <> inatç
sticky <> istek
sticky <> kötü
sticky <> rutub
sticky <> tatsı
sticky <> yapış
sticky <> zor
sticky <> zorlu
stiff <> çetin
stiff <> ölü
stiff <> aşırı
stiff <> absür
stiff <> alkol
stiff <> baş 
stiff <> ceset
stiff <> dik
stiff <> fahiş
stiff <> gergi
stiff <> içkil
stiff <> inanı
stiff <> kabul
stiff <> katı
stiff <> kati
stiff <> koyu
stiff <> kurba
stiff <> sahte
stiff <> sarho
stiff <> sarp
stiff <> sert
stiff <> soğuk
stiff <> suç 
stiff <> tutul
stiff <> yoğun
stiff <> zor
stiff <> zorak
stiff <> zorlu
stiffed <> Stiff
stiffen <> denge
stiffen <> güçle
stiffen <> kaska
stiffen <> katıl
stiffen <> kolal
stiffen <> koyul
stiffen <> kuvve
stiffen <> pekiş
stiffen <> sabit
stiffen <> sertl
stiffen <> tutul
stiffened <> kasıl
stiffener <> canla
stiffener <> güçle
stiffener <> katıl
stiffener <> sertl
stiffening <> deste
stiffening <> dik 
stiffening <> kola
stiffening <> sertl
stiffer <> sert
stiffly <> kaska
stiffness <> ağdal
stiffness <> dik 
stiffness <> inatç
stiffness <> kıvam
stiffness <> katıl
stiffness <> koyul
stiffness <> resmi
stiffness <> sertl
stifle <> bastı
stifle <> boğma
stifle <> boğul
stifle <> diz
stifle <> diz 
stifle <> tıkan
stifle <> tutma
stifle <> zapte
stifling <> boğuc
stigma <> dağla
stigma <> damga
stigma <> dişic
stigma <> gözen
stigma <> iz
stigma <> kusur
stigma <> leke
stigma <> namus
stigma <> tepec
stigma <> utanç
stigmas <> tepec
stigmata <> İsa'n
stigmatic <> lekel
stigmatic <> merce
stigmatic <> tepec
stigmatisation <> damga
stigmatise <> dağla
stigmatise <> damga
stigmatise <> küçük
stigmatise <> kınam
stigmatise <> lekel
stigmatised <> damga
stigmatising <> damga
stigmatization <> damga
stigmatize <> dağla
stigmatize <> damga
stigmatize <> küçük
stigmatize <> kınam
stigmatize <> lekel
stigmatized <> damga
stigmatizing <> damga
stilbene <> stilb
stile <> çit
stile <> çit 
stile <> dikey
stile <> pence
stiles <> Stile
stilet <> Stile
stiletto <> iğne
stiletto <> ince
stiletto <> kama
still <> buna
still <> daha
still <> damıt
still <> durdu
still <> durgu
still <> hâlâ
still <> halâ
still <> hala
still <> harek
still <> henüz
still <> içki
still <> imbik
still <> köpük
still <> ne 
still <> sükun
still <> sükut
still <> sakin
still <> sessi
still <> sustu
still <> tanıt
still <> yatış
still <> yine
stillage <> ayak
stillage <> sehpa
stillages <> Sehpa
stillbirth <> ölü
stillbirth <> ölü 
stillbirths <> ölü
stillborn <> ölü
stillborn <> ölü 
stillborn <> başla
stillborn <> gelec
stillborn <> ilerl
stiller <> Still
stilling <> dinle
stillman <> Still
stillness <> durgu
stillness <> harek
stillness <> sessi
stills <> fotoğ
stilpnomelane <> stilp
stilt <> akrob
stilt <> camba
stilt <> kıyı
stilt <> sütun
stilted <> tumtu
stilted <> yapma
stiltedness <> aşırı
stiltedness <> yapma
stimulant <> canla
stimulant <> içki
stimulant <> tahri
stimulant <> uyarı
stimulant <> uyara
stimulants <> uyarı
stimulate <> canla
stimulate <> gayre
stimulate <> sinir
stimulate <> tahri
stimulate <> teşvi
stimulate <> uyarm
stimulated <> uyarı
stimulates <> uyarı
stimulating <> tahri
stimulating <> uyarı
stimulation <> dürtü
stimulation <> tahri
stimulation <> teşvi
stimulation <> uyarı
stimulation <> uyarm
stimulations <> stimü
stimulative <> tahri
stimulative <> uyarı
stimulator <> Stimü
stimulators <> uyarı
stimulatory <> uyarı
stimuli <> uyara
stimulus <> ısırg
stimulus <> canla
stimulus <> teşvi
stimulus <> uyand
stimulus <> uyarı
sting <> ısırg
sting <> ısırm
sting <> ızdır
sting <> şidde
sting <> acı
sting <> acı 
sting <> acıma
sting <> acıtm
sting <> azap
sting <> batma
sting <> canın
sting <> güç
sting <> içine
sting <> iğne
sting <> incit
sting <> kışkı
sting <> kırma
sting <> kazık
sting <> koyma
sting <> sızı
sting <> sızla
sting <> sokma
sting <> tahri
sting <> yakma
sting <> yanma
sting <> zehir
stinger <> ısırg
stinger <> arı 
stinger <> içe 
stinger <> iğne
stinger <> incit
stinger <> kırıc
stinger <> sokan
stingers <> iğnes
stinginess <> cimri
stinginess <> hasis
stinginess <> pinti
stinging <> ısıra
stinging <> şidde
stinging <> acıta
stinging <> iğnel
stinging <> incit
stinging <> kırıc
stinging <> kaşın
stinging <> keski
stinging <> sızla
stinging <> sokan
stinging <> sokma
stingo <> Sting
stingrays <> vatoz
stings <> sokma
stingy <> az
stingy <> cimri
stingy <> hasis
stingy <> kıt
stingy <> parag
stingy <> pinti
stink <> berba
stink <> iğren
stink <> kötü
stink <> kokma
stink <> kokus
stink <> kokut
stink <> pis
stink <> pis 
stink <> ucuz
stinkard <> iğren
stinkard <> leş
stinkard <> leş 
stinkard <> pis 
stinker <> çok 
stinker <> gıcık
stinker <> iğren
stinker <> kötü
stinker <> leş 
stinker <> pis 
stinker <> sinir
stinker <> zor 
stinkers <> Stink
stinking <> berba
stinking <> iğren
stinking <> kötü
stinking <> küfel
stinking <> kokmu
stinking <> pis
stinking <> pis 
stinking <> rezil
stinking <> sarho
stinko <> küfel
stinko <> sarho
stinkpot <> iğren
stinkpot <> pis
stinkpot <> pis 
stinkpot <> savaş
stinks <> kimya
stinkstone <> Kokul
stinky <> kötü
stinky <> kokmu
stint <> ölçü
stint <> az 
stint <> esirg
stint <> görev
stint <> had
stint <> iş
stint <> kısıt
stint <> kısma
stint <> limit
stint <> mahru
stint <> sınır
stinted <> kısıt
stinted <> sınır
stipa <> Stipa
stipe <> sap
stipe <> uzant
stipend <> ücret
stipend <> aylık
stipend <> maaş
stipendiary <> ücret
stipendiary <> maaşl
stipends <> maaş
stipple <> nokta
stippled <> kesik
stippling <> kesik
stipulate <> şart
stipulate <> şartl
stipulate <> garan
stipulate <> koşul
stipulate <> taahh
stipulated <> öngör
stipulates <> öngör
stipulating <> öngör
stipulation <> şart
stipulation <> garan
stipulation <> kayıt
stipulation <> koşul
stipulation <> taahh
stipulations <> hüküm
stipule <> yapra
stir <> canlı
stir <> canla
stir <> delik
stir <> hapis
stir <> harek
stir <> heyec
stir <> kımıl
stir <> kıpır
stir <> karış
stir <> kayna
stir <> kodes
stir <> oynat
stir <> patır
stir <> telaş
stir <> uyand
stir <> uyanm
stirk <> Stirk
stirpes <> aile
stirpes <> atala
stirpes <> sülal
stirpes <> soy
stirps <> aile
stirps <> sülal
stirps <> soy
stirred <> karış
stirrer <> Karış
stirrer <> harç
stirrer <> karış
stirrers <> karış
stirring <> coşku
stirring <> heyec
stirring <> karış
stirring <> olayl
stirring <> renkl
stirrings <> Stirr
stirrup <> üzeng
stirrup <> U 
stirrup <> marsi
stirrups <> etriy
stirs <> kıpır
stitch <> bıçak
stitch <> ciltl
stitch <> dikiş
stitch <> giyec
stitch <> ilmek
stitch <> ilmik
stitch <> sancı
stitched <> dikiş
stitches <> dikiş
stitching <> dikiş
stith <> Stith
stiver <> önems
stiver <> değer
stoa <> Atina
stoa <> revak
stoa <> saçak
stoas <> Stoal
stoat <> as
stoat <> gelin
stoat <> kakım
stochastic <> stoka
stochastically <> stoka
stochiometric <> stoki
stock <> şebbo
stock <> atkı
stock <> basma
stock <> besi
stock <> boyun
stock <> bulun
stock <> damız
stock <> depol
stock <> dipçi
stock <> et 
stock <> gövde
stock <> hamma
stock <> hayva
stock <> hisse
stock <> kütük
stock <> kızak
stock <> malze
stock <> mevcu
stock <> nesil
stock <> payan
stock <> reper
stock <> sürme
stock <> sap
stock <> serma
stock <> soy
stock <> stand
stock <> stok
stock <> stokl
stock <> tahvi
stock <> takma
stock <> varlı
stock <> yığma
stockade <> şaram
stockade <> cezae
stockade <> hapis
stockade <> kazık
stockbreeder <> besic
stockbreeder <> sığır
stockbreeders <> yem
stockbreeding <> hayva
stockbroker <> borsa
stockbroker <> broke
stockbrokers <> Borsa
stockcar <> Hulk
stockfish <> kurut
stockholder <> hisse
stockholders <> hisse
stockholding <> stok
stocking <> çorap
stockinger <> Stock
stockings <> çorap
stockist <> stok
stockists <> stokç
stocklist <> stok
stockman <> ambar
stockman <> kiler
stockman <> mağaz
stockmen <> bakıc
stockpile <> hamma
stockpile <> stok
stockpile <> stokl
stockpile <> yedek
stockpiled <> stokl
stockpiles <> stokl
stockpiling <> stokl
stockpot <> et
stockpot <> et 
stockroom <> lik 
stocks <> stokl
stocktaking <> envan
stocktaking <> mal 
stocktaking <> stok
stockwork <> ağsal
stockworks <> ağsal
stocky <> bodur
stocky <> kısa
stocky <> tıkna
stockyard <> ağıl
stodge <> ağır
stodge <> ağıra
stodge <> doyur
stodge <> oburc
stodge <> sıkıc
stodge <> tıkın
stodge <> tıka
stodgy <> ağır
stodgy <> bıktı
stodgy <> hanta
stodgy <> sıkıc
stodgy <> sindi
stogie <> ince
stoic <> Zenon
stoic <> acıla
stoic <> metin
stoic <> stoac
stoical <> Zenon
stoical <> acıla
stoical <> metin
stoical <> stoac
stoichiometric <> stoki
stoichiometrically <> stoki
stoichiometry <> stoki
stoicism <> acıla
stoicism <> metin
stoicism <> stoac
stoicism <> stoik
stoics <> Stoac
stoke <> atışt
stoke <> ateşç
stoke <> ateşe
stoke <> ateşi
stoke <> tıka
stokehold <> kazan
stokehole <> kazan
stokehole <> ocak
stoker <> ateşç
stoker <> kömür
stokers <> stoke
stokes <> Stoke
stola <> Štôla
stole <> çaldı
stole <> şal
stole <> atkı
stole <> uzun
stolen <> çalın
stolid <> ağırk
stolid <> duyar
stolid <> duygu
stolid <> vurdu
stolidity <> ağırk
stolidity <> duyar
stolidity <> duygu
stolidity <> soğuk
stolidity <> vurdu
stollen <> Stoll
stolon <> kol
stoma <> ağız
stoma <> gözen
stomach <> hazme
stomach <> heves
stomach <> iştah
stomach <> istek
stomach <> karın
stomach <> katla
stomach <> mide
stomach <> sindi
stomach <> siney
stomachache <> karın
stomachache <> mide
stomachaches <> mide
stomacher <> korsa
stomachic <> Mide
stomachless <> iştah
stomachless <> mides
stomachs <> midel
stomas <> stoma
stomata <> stoma
stomatal <> stoma
stomatitis <> ağız
stomatitis <> mukoz
stomatitis <> stoma
stomatology <> stoma
stomp <> ayağı
stomp <> basma
stomp <> tepin
stomp <> yere
stomped <> dans
stomper <> Stomp
stompers <> Stomp
stone <> çekir
stone <> değer
stone <> dolu
stone <> haya
stone <> taş
stone <> taş 
stone <> taşa
stone <> taşla
stone <> taşta
stone <> testi
stonecutter <> taşçı
stonecutter <> taş 
stonecutters <> taş 
stoned <> çekir
stoned <> sarho
stoned <> taşla
stoned <> uyuşt
stonehenge <> Stone
stoneless <> çekir
stonemason <> taşçı
stonemason <> taş 
stonemasonry <> taş 
stonemasons <> duvar
stoners <> Stone
stones <> taşla
stonewall <> muhal
stonewall <> sıkı
stonewall <> taş 
stonewalling <> defan
stonewalling <> sıkı
stonewalling <> siyas
stonewalls <> taş 
stoneware <> kumlu
stonewashing <> taş 
stonework <> taş
stonily <> taş
stoniness <> sertl
stoniness <> taş 
stoniness <> taşlı
stoniness <> taşta
stoning <> taşa
stoning <> taşla
stony <> duygu
stony <> soğuk
stony <> taş 
stony <> taşlı
stony <> taşta
stony <> zalim
stood <> kalkt
stooge <> şamar
stooge <> acemi
stooge <> alet
stooge <> herif
stooge <> ikili
stooge <> muhbi
stooge <> yamak
stooge <> yarda
stooges <> Stoog
stool <> büyük
stool <> dışkı
stool <> filiz
stool <> kök 
stool <> kaka
stool <> lazım
stool <> otura
stool <> tabur
stool <> yeni
stools <> dışkı
stoop <> öne 
stoop <> alçal
stoop <> eğilm
stoop <> eğmek
stoop <> hızla
stoop <> kambu
stoop <> kapı
stoop <> sundu
stoop <> tenez
stoop <> yırtı
stooped <> eğili
stooping <> alçal
stop <> ünsüz
stop <> Dur
stop <> alıko
stop <> bırak
stop <> bitme
stop <> devam
stop <> dindi
stop <> dolgu
stop <> dur
stop <> durak
stop <> durdu
stop <> durma
stop <> engel
stop <> istas
stop <> kalma
stop <> kapam
stop <> kesil
stop <> kesme
stop <> merce
stop <> mola
stop <> nokta
stop <> savma
stop <> son 
stop <> stop
stop <> tıkam
stopcock <> muslu
stopes <> mağar
stopgap <> eğret
stopgap <> geçic
stopgap <> yasak
stoping <> duruy
stoplight <> kırmı
stoplight <> stop
stopover <> ara 
stopover <> konak
stopover <> mola
stopovers <> durak
stoppage <> alıko
stoppage <> durdu
stoppage <> durma
stoppage <> işi 
stoppage <> kabız
stoppage <> kesin
stoppage <> kesme
stoppage <> pekli
stoppage <> stopa
stoppage <> tıkam
stoppage <> tıkan
stoppage <> tatil
stoppages <> durdu
stopped <> durdu
stopped <> tıkan
stopper <> dikka
stopper <> durdu
stopper <> tıkaç
stopper <> tıpa
stopper <> tapa
stoppered <> kapak
stoppers <> Stope
stoppeth <> durdu
stopping <> dolgu
stopping <> durdu
stopping <> kesil
stopping <> tıkam
stopple <> tıkaç
stopple <> tıkam
stopple <> tıpa
stopple <> tapa
stops <> durur
stopwatch <> krono
storable <> depol
storable <> stokl
storage <> ambar
storage <> ardiy
storage <> depo
storage <> depol
storage <> sakla
storages <> depol
store <> akıld
store <> ambar
store <> ardiy
store <> belle
store <> bollu
store <> dükkâ
store <> depo
store <> depol
store <> doldu
store <> hafız
store <> hazin
store <> içerm
store <> mağaz
store <> mevcu
store <> stok
store <> yükle
stored <> depol
storefront <> mağaz
storehouse <> ambar
storehouse <> antre
storehouse <> ardiy
storehouse <> hazin
storehouses <> depol
storekeeper <> ambar
storekeeper <> dükkâ
storekeeper <> kiler
storekeeper <> mağaz
storekeeping <> mağaz
storer <> Store
storeroom <> ambar
storeroom <> depo
storeroom <> kiler
storerooms <> depo
stores <> bollu
stores <> erzak
stores <> hazin
stores <> kuman
stores <> levaz
stores <> mağaz
storey <> kat
storeyed <> katlı
storeys <> katlı
storied <> öykün
storied <> hikây
storied <> katlı
storied <> tarih
stories <> hikay
storing <> depol
stork <> leyle
storks <> leyle
storksbill <> turna
storm <> öfke
storm <> öfkel
storm <> şidde
storm <> fırtı
storm <> hücum
storm <> kıyam
storm <> karga
storm <> kasır
storm <> saldı
storm <> taarr
storm <> telaş
storm <> zorla
stormbird <> fırtı
stormed <> baskı
stormiest <> fırtı
storming <> fırtı
storms <> fırtı
stormwind <> rüzga
stormwinds <> Fırtı
stormy <> şidde
stormy <> fırtı
stormy <> heyec
story <> öykü
story <> efsan
story <> hikây
story <> kat
story <> makal
story <> marta
story <> masal
story <> rivay
story <> söyle
storyboarded <> story
storyboarding <> story
storyboards <> film
storybook <> öykü
storybook <> hikây
storybook <> masal
storyline <> hikay
storylines <> hikay
storyteller <> öyküc
storyteller <> hikây
storyteller <> masal
storyteller <> palav
storytellers <> öykü
storytelling <> hikay
storytime <> Story
stot <> STOT
stoup <> büyük
stoup <> kutsa
stoup <> maşra
stour <> Stour
stout <> şişma
stout <> aziml
stout <> büyük
stout <> cesur
stout <> güçlü
stout <> iri 
stout <> kahra
stout <> kalın
stout <> kuvve
stout <> sağla
stout <> sert
stout <> siyah
stout <> tıkna
stout <> yiğit
stouter <> Samot
stouthearted <> cesur
stouthearted <> kahra
stouthearted <> yiğit
stoutness <> şişma
stoutness <> cesar
stoutness <> irili
stoutness <> kalın
stoutness <> karar
stoutness <> sağla
stoutness <> sebat
stoutness <> yiğit
stove <> dezen
stove <> fırın
stove <> limon
stove <> ocak
stove <> sera
stove <> soba
stove <> sobad
stove <> tütsü
stoved <> fırın
stovepipe <> silin
stovepipe <> soba
stovepipes <> ütüsü
stover <> Stove
stovers <> sap
stoves <> sobal
stoving <> Stovi
stow <> durdu
stow <> gemid
stow <> istif
stow <> kaçın
stow <> kaçak
stow <> neta
stow <> sakın
stow <> sustu
stow <> vazge
stow <> yerle
stowage <> istif
stowage <> yük
stowaway <> gemiy
stowaway <> kaçak
stowaways <> Kaçak
stowed <> istif
stowing <> istif
strabismic <> şaşıl
strabismus <> şaşıl
strabotomy <> şaşıl
strack <> Strac
strad <> STRAD
straddle <> çift
straddle <> apışı
straddle <> ata 
straddle <> bacak
straddle <> eline
straddle <> iki 
straddled <> ata
strafe <> azarl
strafe <> bomba
strafe <> kınam
strafing <> azarl
strafing <> bomba
strafing <> kınam
straggle <> dağıl
straggle <> dağın
straggle <> konud
straggle <> sürüd
straggle <> yolda
straggler <> avare
straggler <> başıb
straggler <> birli
straggler <> dağın
straggler <> gerid
straggler <> grupt
straggler <> sürüd
straggler <> sona
stragglers <> Strag
straggling <> avare
straggling <> başıb
straggling <> dağın
straggly <> avare
straggly <> başıb
straggly <> dağın
straggly <> gerid
straggly <> seyre
straight <> dümdü
straight <> dürüs
straight <> düz
straight <> düz 
straight <> düzen
straight <> düzgü
straight <> düzlü
straight <> dik
straight <> dik 
straight <> direk
straight <> doğru
straight <> dosdo
straight <> eşcin
straight <> güven
straight <> iskon
straight <> karşı
straight <> katış
straight <> kent
straight <> oriji
straight <> sırad
straight <> sek
straight <> tam
straight <> tam 
straight <> uyuşt
straight <> yarış
straightaway <> yarış
straightedge <> cetve
straighten <> düzel
straighten <> düzle
straighten <> doğru
straighten <> kalkm
straighten <> yolun
straightened <> doğru
straightener <> Düzle
straighteners <> düzle
straightening <> doğru
straightens <> düzel
straighter <> düz
straightest <> düz
straightforward <> açık
straightforward <> basit
straightforward <> dürüs
straightforward <> doğru
straightforward <> hiles
straightforward <> kolay
straightforwardly <> delik
straightforwardness <> açıkl
straightforwardness <> dürüs
straightforwardness <> doğru
straightforwardness <> kolay
straightness <> açık
straightness <> dürüs
straightness <> düz 
straightness <> doğru
straights <> kent
straightway <> Strai
strain <> çabal
strain <> çarpı
strain <> özell
strain <> ırk
strain <> anlam
strain <> anlat
strain <> basın
strain <> belir
strain <> burkm
strain <> burku
strain <> didin
strain <> eğilm
strain <> filtr
strain <> gayre
strain <> gergi
strain <> geril
strain <> germe
strain <> hava
strain <> incin
strain <> incit
strain <> karak
strain <> kasıl
strain <> kasma
strain <> makam
strain <> melod
strain <> nesil
strain <> süzge
strain <> süzme
strain <> saptı
strain <> soy
strain <> tür
strain <> yük
strain <> yapı
strain <> yorma
strain <> zor
strain <> zorla
strain <> zorlu
strained <> gergi
strained <> kasıl
strained <> süzül
strained <> zorak
strainer <> filtr
strainer <> süzge
strainers <> süzge
straining <> süzme
strains <> suşla
strait <> üzünt
strait <> boğaz
strait <> dar
strait <> darbo
strait <> geçit
strait <> kısıt
strait <> sıkı
strait <> sıkın
strait <> sınır
strait <> yoklu
straiten <> daral
straiten <> darbo
straiten <> sıkış
straiten <> sıkma
straitened <> muhta
straitened <> sıkış
straitjacket <> çok 
straitjacket <> aşırı
straitjacket <> deli
straitjacket <> kısıt
straitjacket <> sınır
straitly <> sıkı
straits <> üzünt
straits <> Cebel
straits <> darlı
straits <> sıkın
straits <> yoklu
strake <> borda
stram <> Stram
stramonium <> tatul
strand <> aşama
strand <> bükme
strand <> başar
strand <> boncu
strand <> halat
strand <> ip 
strand <> iplik
strand <> kıyı
strand <> karay
strand <> saç 
strand <> sahil
strand <> telin
stranded <> başar
stranded <> karay
stranded <> sıkış
stranded <> sıkın
stranded <> telli
stranded <> yolda
stranding <> büküm
strands <> iplik
strange <> acayi
strange <> acemi
strange <> bilin
strange <> garip
strange <> işe 
strange <> tuhaf
strange <> yaban
strangely <> garip
strangeness <> acayi
strangeness <> garip
strangeness <> tuhaf
strangeness <> yaban
stranger <> acemi
stranger <> işin
stranger <> yaban
strangers <> Yaban
stranges <> tuhaf
strangest <> tuhaf
strangle <> bastı
strangle <> boğar
strangle <> boğaz
strangle <> boğma
strangle <> geliş
strangle <> tutma
strangled <> boğul
stranglehold <> bastı
stranglehold <> boğaz
stranglehold <> engel
stranglers <> Stran
strangles <> atın
strangling <> boğan
strangulate <> boğma
strangulate <> dolaş
strangulate <> sıkma
strangulated <> stran
strangulation <> boğma
strangulation <> boğul
strangulation <> düğüm
strangury <> idrar
strangury <> sidik
strap <> şerit
strap <> bağla
strap <> bant
strap <> bantl
strap <> kütik
strap <> kayış
strap <> kemer
strap <> sarma
strap <> tasma
straphanger <> ayakt
strapless <> askıs
strapless <> strap
strappado <> Strap
strapped <> kayış
strapper <> etine
strapper <> iri 
strapping <> bant
strapping <> dalya
strapping <> etine
strapping <> iri 
strapping <> kayış
strapping <> taş 
strapping <> yara
straps <> kayış
strass <> stras
strata <> katla
strata <> tabak
stratagem <> kurna
stratagem <> savaş
stratas <> katma
strategi <> Strat
strategic <> şartl
strategic <> savaş
strategic <> strat
strategical <> strat
strategically <> strat
strategies <> strat
strategist <> strat
strategists <> strat
strategizing <> strat
strategy <> kurna
strategy <> savaş
strategy <> strat
strategy <> takti
strathspey <> Strat
stratification <> kat 
stratification <> katma
stratification <> tabak
stratification <> toplu
stratified <> kat 
stratified <> katma
stratified <> tabak
stratiform <> tabak
stratify <> katma
stratify <> tabak
stratify <> toplu
stratifying <> katla
stratigraphic <> strat
stratigraphical <> strat
stratigraphically <> strat
stratigraphies <> istif
stratigraphy <> strat
stratigraphy <> tarih
stratocruiser <> strat
stratopause <> Strat
stratosphere <> strat
stratospheric <> çok 
stratospheric <> astro
stratospheric <> strat
stratotanker <> Strat
stratum <> katma
stratum <> sosya
stratum <> tabak
stratums <> katma
stratus <> katma
stratus <> strat
straw <> çöp
straw <> önems
straw <> hasır
straw <> kamış
straw <> pipet
straw <> saman
strawberries <> çilek
strawberry <> çilek
strawberry <> kırmı
strawboard <> saman
strawman <> Straw
straws <> payet
strawy <> saman
stray <> ayrıl
stray <> başıb
stray <> cızır
stray <> dolaş
stray <> gezin
stray <> kaybo
stray <> paraz
stray <> rasge
stray <> sürüd
stray <> sapma
stray <> serse
stray <> tek 
stray <> yolda
stray <> yolun
strayed <> avare
strayed <> başıb
strayed <> serse
strayed <> yolda
strayed <> yolun
strayer <> Stray
strays <> cızır
strays <> paraz
streak <> çırıl
streak <> çizgi
streak <> ışın
streak <> şimşe
streak <> acele
streak <> belir
streak <> düzen
streak <> damar
streak <> hızlı
streak <> iz
streak <> kısa
streak <> meç
streaked <> çizgi
streaked <> damar
streaked <> değiş
streaker <> çırıl
streaker <> kalab
streaking <> çizgi
streaks <> çizgi
streaky <> çizgi
streaky <> damar
streaky <> değiş
stream <> çay
stream <> akım
stream <> akınt
stream <> akıp
stream <> akıtm
stream <> akars
stream <> akmak
stream <> aralı
stream <> dalga
stream <> dere
stream <> nehir
stream <> sürme
stream <> sel
stream <> uçuşm
streambed <> dere
streambeds <> dere
streamed <> akış
streamer <> ışık
streamer <> bandr
streamer <> flama
streamer <> fors
streamer <> kâğıt
streamer <> manşe
streamers <> flama
streaming <> akars
streaming <> grupl
streamlet <> çay
streamlet <> derec
streamline <> aerod
streamline <> akış
streamline <> kolay
streamline <> moder
streamline <> uygun
streamlined <> şık
streamlined <> aerod
streamlined <> elver
streamlined <> moder
streamliner <> aerod
streamlines <> akıcı
streamlining <> düzen
streams <> akışl
streamside <> Strea
stree <> Stree
street <> cadde
street <> sokak
streetboys <> sokak
streetcar <> tramv
streetcars <> tramv
streetlamp <> sokak
streetlight <> sokak
streetlights <> sokak
streets <> sokak
streetscape <> sokak
streetwalker <> fahiş
streetwalker <> orosp
streit <> Strei
strength <> önem
strength <> asker
strength <> dayan
strength <> derma
strength <> diren
strength <> etkin
strength <> güç
strength <> kadro
strength <> kuvve
strength <> sertl
strengthen <> deste
strengthen <> güçle
strengthen <> kuvve
strengthen <> sağla
strengthen <> takvi
strengthen <> yükse
strengthened <> güçle
strengthener <> deste
strengthener <> güçle
strengthener <> takvi
strengthening <> güçle
strengthening <> kuvve
strengthening <> pekiş
strengthening <> takvi
strengthening <> teyit
strengthening <> yükse
strengthens <> güçle
strengthless <> güçsü
strengthless <> kuvve
strengthless <> takât
strengths <> güçlü
strenuous <> çalış
strenuous <> şidde
strenuous <> ağır
strenuous <> faal
strenuous <> gayre
strenuous <> yoruc
strenuously <> şidde
strenuously <> gayre
strenuously <> yoruc
strenuousness <> çaba
strenuousness <> çalış
strenuousness <> faali
strenuousness <> gayre
strenuousness <> yoruc
streps <> STREP
streptococcal <> strep
streptococci <> strep
streptococcic <> strep
streptococcus <> strep
streptokinase <> strep
streptolysin <> Strep
streptomyces <> Strep
streptomycin <> strep
streptopelia <> Strep
stress <> önem
stress <> öneml
stress <> basın
stress <> baskı
stress <> gergi
stress <> geril
stress <> sıkış
stress <> stres
stress <> tonla
stress <> vurgu
stressed <> vurgu
stresses <> geril
stressful <> gergi
stressful <> stres
stressing <> vurgu
stressor <> stres
stressors <> stres
stretch <> çekme
stretch <> abart
stretch <> aralı
stretch <> arayı
stretch <> esnek
stretch <> esnem
stretch <> esnet
stretch <> geniş
stretch <> gergi
stretch <> gerin
stretch <> germe
stretch <> hapis
stretch <> süre
stretch <> serme
stretch <> uzama
stretch <> uzatm
stretch <> yayıl
stretch <> yayma
stretch <> yeter
stretch <> yetme
stretch <> zorla
stretchable <> geril
stretched <> gergi
stretcher <> ayakk
stretcher <> gergi
stretcher <> kasna
stretcher <> otura
stretcher <> sedye
stretcher <> teske
stretcher <> tuval
stretchers <> sedye
stretches <> uzanı
stretching <> geril
stretching <> germe
stretchy <> Stret
strew <> dağıt
strew <> saçma
strew <> serpi
strew <> serpm
strew <> yayma
strewing <> serpm
strewn <> mayın
stria <> çizgi
stria <> ince
stria <> yiv
striae <> Stria
striate <> çizgi
striate <> yivle
striate <> yivli
striated <> çizgi
striated <> yivli
striation <> çizgi
striation <> çizik
striation <> şerit
striation <> yivli
striations <> çizgi
strick <> Stric
stricken <> üzgün
stricken <> eli 
stricken <> felak
stricken <> muzdâ
stricken <> tutul
stricken <> uğram
stricken <> yakal
stricken <> yaral
strickle <> ölçeğ
strickle <> ölçek
strickle <> orak
strickly <> harfi
strict <> harfi
strict <> hoşgö
strict <> katı
strict <> müsam
strict <> mutlâ
strict <> otori
strict <> sıkı
strict <> sert
strict <> tam
stricter <> sıkı
strictest <> sıkı
strictly <> açıkç
strictly <> doğru
strictly <> katı
strictly <> kesin
strictly <> sert
strictly <> tam 
strictness <> katıl
strictness <> sıkı
strictness <> sertl
stricture <> daral
stricture <> eleşt
stricture <> idrar
stricture <> kanal
strictures <> eleşt
strictures <> kınam
strictures <> tenki
stride <> aşmak
stride <> adım
stride <> ata 
stride <> atlay
stride <> bir 
stride <> geçip
stride <> uzun
stride <> yürüy
strident <> cırla
strident <> ciyak
strident <> gıcır
strident <> rahat
strident <> tiz
striders <> Strid
strides <> geliş
striding <> uzun
strife <> çekiş
strife <> anlaş
strife <> bozuş
strife <> ihtil
strife <> kavga
strike <> çıkar
strike <> çakma
strike <> çalma
strike <> çarpm
strike <> basma
strike <> bekle
strike <> bulma
strike <> etki
strike <> gözün
strike <> gelip
strike <> gibi
strike <> grev
strike <> hava
strike <> hesap
strike <> işlem
strike <> indir
strike <> isabe
strike <> izlen
strike <> kök 
strike <> maden
strike <> nükle
strike <> petro
strike <> sokma
strike <> takın
strike <> vurgu
strike <> vurma
strike <> vuruş
strike <> yeret
strike <> yolun
strikebound <> grev
strikebreakers <> grev
striked <> çizil
strikeout <> Üstü
striker <> çalar
striker <> atış
striker <> ateşl
striker <> forve
striker <> grevc
striker <> horoz
striker <> ileri
striker <> vuruc
strikers <> Forve
strikes <> grev
striking <> çarpı
striking <> çarpa
striking <> şaşır
striking <> dikka
striking <> göz 
striking <> grev
striking <> grevd
striking <> vuran
strikingly <> çarpı
string <> şart
string <> aldat
string <> bağ
string <> bağcı
string <> bağla
string <> düzen
string <> damar
string <> dizi
string <> dizme
string <> germe
string <> ip
string <> ipe 
string <> kılçı
string <> kandı
string <> kiriş
string <> koşul
string <> kordo
string <> lif
string <> sıra
string <> sıral
string <> sicim
string <> takma
string <> tel
string <> yay
string <> yuttu
stringcourse <> kiriş
stringed <> ipe 
stringed <> telli
stringed <> yaylı
stringency <> şidde
stringency <> darlı
stringency <> sıkış
stringency <> sıkıl
stringency <> sıkın
stringency <> sertl
stringent <> bağla
stringent <> dar
stringent <> sıkı
stringent <> sıkın
stringent <> sert
stringent <> zorla
stringent <> zorlu
stringently <> sıkı
stringer <> dayan
stringer <> kiriş
stringer <> tel 
stringiness <> iplik
stringiness <> kılçı
stringiness <> lifli
stringiness <> tel 
stringing <> çekim
strings <> dizel
strings <> telli
strings <> yaylı
stringy <> ip 
stringy <> iplik
stringy <> kılçı
stringy <> lifli
stringy <> tel 
strip <> çıkar
strip <> çubuk
strip <> örtüs
strip <> üstün
strip <> şerit
strip <> açmak
strip <> bant
strip <> boşal
strip <> dilim
strip <> forma
strip <> kazım
strip <> pist
strip <> sütün
strip <> soyma
strip <> soyun
strip <> strip
strip <> tahli
strip <> uzun
stripe <> çeşit
stripe <> çizgi
stripe <> çubuk
stripe <> şerit
stripe <> cins
stripe <> kamçı
stripe <> rütbe
stripe <> sopa
stripe <> tür
striped <> çizgi
stripers <> Strip
stripes <> çizgi
striping <> şerit
stripling <> delik
stripling <> genç
strippable <> sökül
stripper <> strip
strippers <> soyuc
stripping <> sıyır
stripping <> soyun
strips <> şerit
stript <> Strip
striptease <> strip
stripteaser <> strip
stripy <> çizgi
strive <> çabal
strive <> didin
strive <> gayre
strive <> mücâd
strive <> uğraş
strived <> gayre
striven <> çabal
strivers <> Çabal
strives <> çabal
striving <> çabas
strivings <> çabal
strix <> Strix
strobe <> radar
strobe <> strob
strobes <> yanar
strobing <> Yanıp
stroboscope <> Strob
stroboscopic <> strob
strode <> yürüd
stroganoff <> strag
stroke <> çarpm
stroke <> başar
stroke <> darbe
stroke <> davra
stroke <> fırça
stroke <> felç
stroke <> harek
stroke <> inme
stroke <> okşam
stroke <> okşay
stroke <> sıvaz
stroke <> saat
stroke <> tarz
stroke <> vurma
stroke <> vuruş
stroked <> okşad
stroker <> Strok
strokes <> vuruş
stroking <> okşay
stroll <> ağır
stroll <> dolaş
stroll <> gezin
strolled <> bakın
stroller <> avare
stroller <> bebek
stroller <> gezgi
stroller <> katla
strolling <> gezin
strolls <> yürüy
stroma <> bağdo
stroma <> strom
stromatolites <> strom
stromatolitic <> strom
stromb <> Strom
strong <> şidde
strong <> ağır
strong <> alkol
strong <> demir
strong <> güçlü
strong <> gür
strong <> irade
strong <> istek
strong <> istik
strong <> kıvra
strong <> keski
strong <> koyu
strong <> kuvve
strong <> sağla
strong <> sert
strong <> yeten
strongarm <> Stron
strongbox <> çelik
strongbox <> kasa
stronger <> güçlü
strongest <> güçlü
strongheaded <> dik 
strongheaded <> inatç
strongheaded <> serke
stronghold <> iyi 
stronghold <> kale
stronghold <> sığın
strongholds <> kalel
strongly <> çok
strongly <> şidde
strongly <> fazla
strongly <> kuvve
strongly <> sertç
strongly <> son 
strongman <> dikta
strongroom <> hazin
strontian <> Stron
strontium <> stron
strop <> kayış
strop <> makar
strop <> ustur
strophe <> bent
strophe <> kıta
strophes <> dörtl
strophic <> kıta
stroppy <> aksi
stroppy <> huysu
stroppy <> küsta
stroppy <> saygı
stroud <> Strou
stroup <> Strou
stroy <> öykü
stroy <> efsan
stroy <> hikây
stroy <> kat
stroy <> makal
stroy <> marta
stroy <> masal
stroy <> rivay
stroy <> söyle
struck <> grevd
struck <> vurdu
struction <> inşaa
structions <> dikka
structural <> organ
structural <> yapı
structural <> yapıs
structuralism <> yapıs
structuralist <> yapıs
structuralists <> yapıs
structuralization <> strük
structurally <> yapıs
structure <> bünye
structure <> bütün
structure <> bina
structure <> planl
structure <> yapı
structured <> yapıl
structureless <> plans
structureless <> yapıs
structures <> inşaa
structures <> yapıl
structuring <> yapıl
strudel <> turta
strudels <> Strud
struggle <> çırpı
struggle <> çaba
struggle <> çabal
struggle <> çalış
struggle <> boğuş
struggle <> debel
struggle <> gayre
struggle <> mücâd
struggle <> mücad
struggle <> savaş
struggle <> uğraş
struggle <> zahme
struggled <> mücad
strugglers <> Savaş
struggles <> mücad
struggling <> mücad
strum <> acemi
strum <> kötü
strum <> kulak
strum <> tıngı
struma <> guatr
struma <> sırac
strummer <> Strum
strumming <> tıngı
strumous <> guatr
strumous <> sırac
strumous <> yastı
strumpet <> fahiş
strumpet <> orosp
strung <> sinir
strut <> çalım
strut <> deste
strut <> kurum
strut <> payan
strutter <> Strut
strutting <> çalım
strutting <> deste
strutting <> hindi
strutting <> kurum
strutting <> payan
struvite <> struv
strychnine <> strik
stub <> bastı
stub <> izmar
stub <> kökün
stub <> kökle
stub <> kalan
stub <> kalem
stub <> kesil
stub <> koçan
stub <> sapla
stub <> taşa
stub <> vurma
stubbed <> söndü
stubble <> anız
stubble <> anızl
stubble <> biçil
stubble <> fırça
stubble <> traşı
stubbly <> anızl
stubbly <> fırça
stubbly <> tıraş
stubborn <> aksi
stubborn <> aziml
stubborn <> dediğ
stubborn <> dik 
stubborn <> diren
stubborn <> inatç
stubborn <> vazge
stubbornly <> inatl
stubbornness <> dik 
stubbornness <> inatç
stubbornness <> inat
stubby <> ağaç
stubby <> anızl
stubby <> fırça
stubby <> güdük
stubby <> kütük
stubby <> kısa
stubby <> tıraş
stubs <> tasla
stucco <> dış 
stucco <> sıva
stuccos <> alçı
stuck <> sıkış
stud <> azgın
stud <> damız
stud <> hara
stud <> iri 
stud <> kramp
stud <> sapla
stud <> tavan
stud <> yaka
studbook <> atın
studbook <> atlar
studded <> çivil
studding <> öğren
student <> öğren
student <> araşt
student <> gözle
student <> stajy
students <> Öğren
studentship <> öğren
studentship <> burs
studied <> üzeri
studied <> kasıt
studied <> okudu
studied <> prova
studied <> sahte
studied <> yapma
studied <> zorak
studiedly <> kaste
studies <> çalış
studies <> araşt
studies <> incel
studio <> atöly
studio <> set
studio <> stüdy
studios <> stüdy
studious <> çalış
studious <> üzeri
studious <> dikka
studious <> gayre
studious <> heves
studious <> yapma
studiousness <> çalış
studiousness <> gayre
studiousness <> heves
studiousness <> istek
studs <> Çıtçı
study <> çabal
study <> çalış
study <> öğren
study <> ön 
study <> araşt
study <> denem
study <> eğiti
study <> eskiz
study <> etüt
study <> görül
study <> gözet
study <> gayre
study <> incel
study <> okuma
study <> rol 
study <> saygı
study <> tahsi
study <> tasla
study <> tetki
studying <> eğiti
stuff <> öz
stuff <> şey
stuff <> doldu
stuff <> eşya
stuff <> hamma
stuff <> hamur
stuff <> içini
stuff <> kâğıt
stuff <> kaçak
stuff <> keres
stuff <> kumaş
stuff <> madde
stuff <> sürme
stuff <> saçma
stuff <> tıkış
stuff <> tıkın
stuff <> tıka
stuff <> tıkam
stuff <> tıkma
stuff <> uyuşt
stuff <> yünlü
stuff <> zırva
stuffed <> doldu
stuffed <> dolmu
stuffed <> içi 
stuffed <> tıkal
stuffed <> tıkan
stuffiness <> alıng
stuffiness <> boğuc
stuffiness <> burun
stuffiness <> havas
stuffiness <> kendi
stuffiness <> kibir
stuffiness <> sıkıc
stuffiness <> tıkan
stuffiness <> tutuc
stuffing <> özgüv
stuffing <> dolgu
stuffing <> dolma
stuffing <> güç
stuffing <> iç
stuffing <> vatka
stuffs <> madde
stuffy <> alıng
stuffy <> basık
stuffy <> boğuc
stuffy <> bunal
stuffy <> dargı
stuffy <> havas
stuffy <> küf 
stuffy <> küs
stuffy <> kendi
stuffy <> kibir
stuffy <> mutaa
stuffy <> sıkıc
stuffy <> tıkal
stuffy <> tıkan
stuffy <> tutuc
stull <> Stull
stultification <> aptal
stultification <> ket 
stultify <> çürüt
stultify <> aptal
stultify <> etkis
stultify <> iptal
stultify <> küçük
stultify <> rezil
stumble <> ayağı
stumble <> dili
stumble <> günah
stumble <> hata
stumble <> sürçm
stumble <> sende
stumble <> tökez
stumble <> yanıl
stumbled <> tökez
stumbler <> Stumb
stumblers <> Stumb
stumbles <> sende
stumbling <> tökez
stumer <> karşı
stumer <> sahte
stumm <> Stumm
stump <> ödeme
stump <> afall
stump <> bacak
stump <> ezmek
stump <> izmar
stump <> kök 
stump <> küçüc
stump <> küçül
stump <> kütük
stump <> kafa
stump <> krike
stump <> meşin
stump <> meyda
stump <> seçim
stump <> sorul
stump <> tahta
stump <> topal
stump <> yarım
stumped <> Stump
stumper <> kışkı
stumper <> kalec
stumper <> kazık
stumper <> propa
stumper <> zor 
stumps <> kütük
stumpy <> bodur
stumpy <> güdük
stumpy <> kısa
stun <> şaşır
stun <> afall
stun <> serse
stunned <> ağzı
stunned <> afall
stunned <> hayre
stunned <> serse
stunner <> çekic
stunner <> afet
stunner <> harik
stunner <> yakış
stunners <> Stunn
stunning <> çarpı
stunning <> çekic
stunning <> hayre
stunning <> müthi
stunning <> nefis
stunning <> serse
stunningly <> şaşır
stuns <> Stuns
stunt <> akrob
stunt <> büyüm
stunt <> bodur
stunt <> dikka
stunt <> göste
stunt <> hüner
stunt <> marif
stunt <> numar
stunted <> bodur
stunting <> bodur
stuntman <> dublö
stuntmen <> dublö
stupe <> sıcak
stupefacient <> serse
stupefacient <> uyuşt
stupefaction <> şaşal
stupefaction <> serse
stupefaction <> uyuşm
stupefaction <> uyuşu
stupefied <> şaşkı
stupefy <> şaşır
stupefy <> afall
stupefy <> bunal
stupefy <> serse
stupefy <> uyuşt
stupefying <> bunal
stupendous <> hayre
stupendous <> müthi
stupendous <> muazz
stupendous <> muhte
stupid <> aptal
stupid <> beyin
stupid <> kafas
stupid <> saçma
stupid <> salak
stupid <> serse
stupidest <> aptal
stupidities <> aptal
stupidity <> ahmak
stupidity <> akıls
stupidity <> aptal
stupidity <> serse
stupidly <> ahmak
stupidly <> aptal
stupidly <> ukalâ
stupids <> aptal
stupify <> Post
stupor <> baygı
stupor <> bilin
stupor <> kendi
stupor <> serse
stupor <> uyuşu
sturdier <> Sağla
sturdiness <> dayan
sturdiness <> güçlü
sturdiness <> gürbü
sturdiness <> metan
sturdiness <> sağla
sturdy <> aziml
sturdy <> dayan
sturdy <> güçlü
sturdy <> gürbü
sturdy <> sağla
sturdy <> sebat
sturdy <> yapıl
sturgeon <> mersi
sturgeons <> mersi
sturmer <> Sturm
sturt <> Sturt
stutter <> gevel
stutter <> kekel
stutter <> kekem
stutter <> tekle
stutterer <> kekem
stutterers <> Kekem
stuttering <> kekel
stuttering <> kekem
stutterings <> takıl
stutters <> atlar
sty <> ahır
sty <> arpac
sty <> domuz
sty <> itdir
sty <> pis 
stye <> arpac
stye <> itdir
stygian <> Stygi
style <> çıkın
style <> çeşit
style <> ünvan
style <> şıklı
style <> şekil
style <> ad 
style <> biçim
style <> boyun
style <> demek
style <> dizay
style <> kalem
style <> mil
style <> moda
style <> model
style <> pikap
style <> sonda
style <> stil
style <> stili
style <> takvi
style <> tarzı
style <> tarz
style <> tekni
style <> tip
styled <> tarz
styler <> desin
styler <> modac
styler <> model
styler <> stili
stylers <> şekil
styles <> still
stylet <> cerra
stylet <> küçük
stylet <> kıl 
stylet <> keski
stylet <> oyma
styling <> moday
styling <> model
styling <> stili
styling <> styli
stylised <> stili
stylish <> şık
stylish <> haval
stylish <> moday
stylish <> zarif
stylishly <> şık
stylishness <> haval
stylishness <> moday
stylishness <> zaraf
stylist <> üslup
stylist <> desin
stylist <> modac
stylist <> stile
stylist <> stili
stylistic <> üslup
stylistic <> biçim
stylistically <> üslup
stylistics <> Stili
stylists <> stili
stylization <> stili
stylize <> üslup
stylize <> gelen
stylize <> stili
stylized <> stili
stylizer <> Styli
stylo <> dolma
stylo <> stilo
stylobate <> Stylo
stylograph <> dolma
stylograph <> stilo
styloid <> stilo
stylolite <> basın
stylolitic <> stilo
stylus <> çıkın
stylus <> boyun
stylus <> kayıt
stylus <> kopya
stylus <> mil
stylus <> pikap
stylus <> stylu
stylus <> taş 
stymie <> alt 
stymie <> bozma
stymie <> engel
stymie <> taş
stymie <> taş 
styptic <> kan 
styptic <> kanam
styracosaurus <> Styra
styrax <> Styra
styrene <> stire
styrofoam <> straf
suable <> dava
suable <> mahke
suade <> Suade
suasion <> gönlü
suasion <> ikna
suasion <> razı
suasion <> tatlı
suasive <> dalka
suasive <> gönül
suasive <> ikna
suasive <> razı
suave <> hoş
suave <> nazik
suave <> tatlı
suavity <> nezak
suavity <> sevim
suavity <> tatlı
sub <> önünd
sub <> önüne
sub <> altın
sub <> alt
sub <> içind
sub <> içine
sub <> yardı
sub <> yerin
subacetate <> bazik
subacid <> buruk
subacid <> ekşic
subacid <> mayho
subacid <> sertç
subacromial <> subak
subacute <> subak
subaddress <> altad
subaerial <> su 
subagent <> acent
subalpine <> subal
subaltern <> alt
subaltern <> ast
subaltern <> ikinc
subaltern <> teğme
subangular <> yarı
subaortic <> subao
subaqua <> sualt
subaqueous <> sualt
subarachnoid <> subar
subarachnoidal <> subar
subarctic <> güney
subarctic <> yarı
subarticle <> bendi
subarticles <> madde
subash <> Subaş
subassemblies <> Alt 
subassembly <> alt 
subassociation <> alt 
subatmospheric <> subat
subatomic <> atoma
subaudible <> işitm
subaudible <> zorla
subbase <> altte
subbases <> Alt
subbasin <> akımı
subbing <> hasta
subcaliber <> küçük
subcalibre <> küçük
subcapsular <> subka
subcarrier <> altta
subcategories <> alt
subcategorize <> altka
subcategory <> alt
subcellular <> Subse
subchapter <> Alt 
subcircuits <> Altde
subclass <> altsı
subclasses <> alt
subclassification <> alt
subclassifications <> alt
subclassified <> alt
subclause <> bendi
subclavian <> subkl
subclavicular <> subkl
subclavius <> subkl
subclinical <> subkl
subclinically <> subkl
subcluster <> alt 
subclusters <> alt 
subcode <> altko
subcommand <> alt
subcommands <> alt
subcommission <> Alt
subcommittee <> alt 
subcommittees <> alt 
subcompact <> küçük
subcomponent <> alt
subcomponents <> alt
subconjunctival <> subko
subconscious <> şuura
subconscious <> bilin
subconsciously <> bilin
subconsciousness <> bilin
subcontinent <> kıta
subcontinent <> kıtal
subcontinental <> subko
subcontinents <> alt 
subcontract <> alt
subcontract <> alt 
subcontracted <> taşer
subcontracting <> Fason
subcontractor <> taşer
subcontractors <> taşer
subcooled <> doyma
subcortical <> subko
subcostal <> subko
subcritical <> subkr
subcrystalline <> subkr
subcultural <> altkü
subculture <> alt
subculture <> alt 
subcultures <> altkü
subculturing <> alt 
subcutaneous <> deria
subcutaneously <> subkü
subcutaneus <> cilt
subcuticular <> subku
subcutis <> subku
subdepartment <> bilim
subdirectories <> alt
subdirectory <> alt
subdisciplines <> Dalla
subdistrict <> bucak
subdistricts <> nahiy
subdivide <> bir
subdivide <> bir 
subdivided <> alt
subdivides <> böler
subdividing <> Arsan
subdivision <> altbö
subdivision <> bir 
subdivisions <> alt
subdomains <> subdo
subducted <> dalan
subducting <> dalan
subduction <> yitim
subdue <> baskı
subdue <> bastı
subdue <> boyun
subdue <> hafif
subdue <> kontr
subdue <> zorla
subdued <> bastı
subdued <> düşük
subdued <> hafif
subdued <> itaat
subdued <> zorla
subedit <> yayın
subentries <> alt
subentry <> alt
subependymal <> subep
subepithelial <> subep
suber <> Suber
subexpression <> alt-i
subexpressions <> Altif
subfamilies <> alt
subfamily <> altfa
subfascial <> Subfa
subfertility <> subfe
subfields <> alt
subfile <> alt 
subfloor <> Zemin
subfloors <> zemin
subfractions <> altfr
subfunctions <> alt 
subgeneric <> altci
subgenre <> alttü
subgenus <> altci
subglottic <> subgl
subgoals <> alt 
subgrade <> altze
subgroup <> altgr
subgrouped <> grupl
subgroups <> alt
subhead <> alt
subhead <> alt 
subhead <> bölüm
subheading <> alt
subheading <> alt 
subheading <> bölüm
subheadings <> alt
subheadline <> Altba
subheads <> Alt
subhedral <> yarı
subhuman <> insan
subhumans <> Subhu
subitem <> alt
subito <> Subit
subjacent <> altın
subjacent <> altta
subjacent <> temel
subject <> çeken
subject <> çekti
subject <> özne
subject <> bağım
subject <> bağlı
subject <> boyun
subject <> branş
subject <> denek
subject <> ders
subject <> eğili
subject <> etmek
subject <> fail
subject <> hasta
subject <> husus
subject <> kadav
subject <> karşı
subject <> kobay
subject <> konu
subject <> maruz
subject <> mecbu
subject <> mevzu
subject <> söz 
subject <> sebep
subject <> tabi
subject <> tema
subject <> uyruk
subject <> vatan
subjected <> tabi
subjecting <> tabi
subjection <> bağım
subjection <> boyun
subjection <> hükmü
subjection <> itaat
subjective <> öznel
subjective <> kişis
subjective <> sübje
subjective <> yalnı
subjectively <> öznel
subjectiveness <> öznel
subjectivism <> öznel
subjectivism <> subje
subjectivist <> subje
subjectivistic <> öznel
subjectivities <> öznel
subjectivity <> öznel
subjects <> konul
subjoin <> eklem
subjoin <> ilave
subjoin <> ilişt
subjugate <> boyun
subjugate <> maruz
subjugate <> yenme
subjugate <> zapte
subjugated <> boyun
subjugation <> boyun
subjunctive <> dilek
sublease <> devre
sublease <> kirac
sublessee <> devre
sublessee <> ikinc
sublet <> devre
sublet <> kirac
sublethal <> suble
subletter <> hakla
subletting <> kiray
sublevel <> alt
sublicense <> alt 
sublicensed <> alt 
sublicensee <> Alt 
sublicenses <> alt 
sublieutenant <> deniz
sublimate <> bilin
sublimate <> katı
sublimate <> sübli
sublimate <> yücel
sublimated <> yücel
sublimating <> yücel
sublimation <> bilin
sublimation <> sübli
sublimation <> ulvil
sublimation <> yücel
sublime <> asil
sublime <> büyük
sublime <> bilin
sublime <> görke
sublime <> olağa
sublime <> sübli
sublime <> son 
sublime <> ulu
sublime <> ulvil
sublime <> yüce
sublime <> yücel
sublime <> yükse
sublimed <> sübli
subliminal <> bilin
subliminally <> bilin
subliminals <> bilin
sublimity <> haşme
sublimity <> yücel
sublingually <> dilal
sublist <> alt 
sublot <> alt 
sublunar <> ay 
sublunar <> dünya
subluxation <> sublu
subluxations <> sublü
submachine <> makin
submammary <> subma
subman <> geri
subman <> yobaz
submanifold <> altma
submanifolds <> altma
submarginal <> yanke
submarine <> deniz
submarines <> Deniz
submarining <> kayma
submaxillary <> subma
submaximal <> subma
submenu <> alt
submenus <> alt
submerge <> örtme
submerge <> bastı
submerge <> batır
submerge <> batma
submerge <> daldı
submerge <> sular
submerged <> örtül
submerged <> batık
submerged <> gizli
submerged <> sualt
submergence <> düşey
submergible <> dalgı
submerging <> batış
submersed <> örtül
submersed <> batık
submersed <> dalmı
submersed <> gizli
submersed <> sualt
submersible <> dalgı
submersible <> deniz
submersible <> su 
submersible <> sualt
submersion <> batır
submersion <> batma
submersion <> daldı
submersion <> dalma
submersion <> su 
submersions <> Subme
submicron <> Mikro
submission <> alçak
submission <> arz
submission <> boyun
submission <> ibraz
submission <> iddia
submission <> itaat
submission <> sunuş
submission <> tesli
submission <> tevaz
submissions <> gönde
submissive <> alçak
submissive <> boyun
submissive <> itaat
submissive <> uysal
submissiveness <> alçak
submissiveness <> itaat
submissiveness <> uysal
submit <> öne 
submit <> önerm
submit <> arzet
submit <> boyun
submit <> gönde
submit <> ibraz
submit <> itaat
submit <> kendi
submit <> sunma
submit <> tesli
submits <> sundu
submittal <> boyun
submittal <> sunuş
submittal <> tesli
submittals <> cevap
submitted <> maruz
submitted <> tesli
submitter <> tesli
submitters <> gönde
submitting <> gönde
submodules <> alt 
submucosa <> submu
submucosal <> submu
submucous <> submü
submultiples <> askat
subnational <> ulus
subnet <> alt
subnets <> alt
subnetwork <> altağ
subnetworks <> alt
subnormal <> geri
subnormal <> norma
subnotebook <> Subno
suboccipital <> subok
subocular <> Suboc
suborbital <> Subor
suborder <> altta
subordinate <> alt
subordinate <> ast
subordinate <> bağlı
subordinate <> bağla
subordinate <> deste
subordinate <> emrin
subordinate <> madun
subordinate <> tabi
subordinate <> yan
subordinated <> tabi
subordinately <> tali
subordinates <> astla
subordinating <> itaat
subordination <> bağlı
subordination <> ikinc
subordination <> itaat
subordinative <> tamla
suborn <> aklın
suborn <> rüşve
suborn <> yalan
subornation <> yalan
subpage <> Alt 
subpages <> alt 
subparagraph <> bendi
subparagraphs <> bentl
subpart <> Subpa
subparts <> Alt
subpena <> celp
subpena <> mahke
subperiods <> alt 
subphrenic <> subfr
subphyla <> anılı
subpleural <> subpl
subpoena <> celp
subpoena <> mahke
subpoenaed <> mahke
subpoenas <> celp
subpopulation <> subpo
subpopulations <> altgr
subproblems <> alt 
subprocess <> altiş
subprogram <> altpr
subproject <> alt
subprojects <> alt
subprovince <> ilçes
subprovinces <> ilçel
subregion <> kısım
subregional <> alt-
subregions <> Alt
subrings <> Altha
subrogate <> yerin
subrogation <> borçl
subrogation <> halef
subroutine <> altpr
subroutines <> altpr
subsamples <> alt 
subscale <> alt
subscales <> alt
subscapular <> subsk
subscapularis <> subsk
subscribe <> abone
subscribe <> altın
subscribe <> bağış
subscribe <> imzal
subscribe <> katıl
subscribe <> katkı
subscribe <> onayl
subscribe <> yatır
subscribed <> Abone
subscriber <> abone
subscriber <> bağış
subscriber <> imzal
subscriber <> katıl
subscriber <> katkı
subscriber <> onayl
subscribers <> abone
subscribes <> abone
subscribing <> abone
subscript <> altin
subscripted <> indis
subscripting <> indis
subscription <> Abone
subscription <> abone
subscription <> aidat
subscription <> imzal
subscription <> katıl
subscription <> katkı
subscription <> onayl
subscriptions <> abone
subscripts <> indis
subsection <> altbö
subsection <> dal
subsection <> kol
subsections <> alt
subsector <> alt 
subsectors <> sektö
subsegments <> lobun
subsequence <> altdi
subsequence <> arkas
subsequence <> sonra
subsequent <> daha
subsequent <> mütea
subsequent <> sonra
subsequently <> arkad
subsequently <> daha
subsequently <> sonra
subserous <> Subse
subserve <> hizme
subserve <> işine
subservience <> hizme
subservience <> itaat
subservience <> sırna
subservience <> yaran
subservient <> hizme
subservient <> itaat
subservient <> uşak
subservient <> yaran
subservient <> yarar
subset <> alt
subsets <> alt
subshell <> altka
subshrubs <> çalıl
subside <> çökel
subside <> çökme
subside <> alçal
subside <> dibe
subside <> geçme
subside <> sakin
subside <> yığıl
subside <> yatış
subsided <> yatış
subsidence <> çökme
subsidence <> alçal
subsidence <> azalm
subsidence <> hafif
subsidences <> Çökme
subsides <> geril
subsidiaries <> yan
subsidiarity <> yerel
subsidiary <> bağım
subsidiary <> bağlı
subsidiary <> ikinc
subsidiary <> tâli
subsidiary <> yan 
subsidiary <> yardı
subsidies <> Teşvi
subsidisation <> sübva
subsidise <> iane
subsidise <> mali
subsidise <> para
subsidise <> sübva
subsidised <> sübva
subsidises <> sübva
subsidising <> sübva
subsidization <> sübva
subsidize <> iane
subsidize <> mali
subsidize <> para
subsidize <> sübva
subsidized <> sübva
subsidizes <> sübva
subsidizing <> sübva
subsidy <> devle
subsidy <> para
subsidy <> sübva
subsist <> geçin
subsist <> mevcu
subsist <> var 
subsist <> varlı
subsist <> yaşam
subsistence <> asker
subsistence <> geçim
subsistence <> geçin
subsistence <> harcı
subsistence <> nafak
subsistence <> varlı
subsistence <> varol
subsistence <> yaşam
subsistent <> sürdü
subsisting <> dari
subsite <> alt
subsites <> alt 
subskills <> alt 
subsoil <> topra
subsonic <> ses
subsonic <> ses 
subsonic <> seste
subspace <> altuz
subspaces <> altuz
subspecialties <> Bilim
subspecialty <> yanda
subspecies <> altci
subspecific <> subsp
substage <> Subst
substance <> öz
substance <> özlül
substance <> ana 
substance <> asıl
substance <> cisim
substance <> esas
substance <> güçlü
substance <> içeri
substance <> madde
substance <> sağla
substance <> serve
substance <> zengi
substanceless <> madde
substances <> madde
substandard <> norma
substandard <> stand
substantial <> öneml
substantial <> özlü
substantial <> besle
substantial <> dayan
substantial <> gerçe
substantial <> hemen
substantial <> mevcu
substantial <> sağla
substantial <> var 
substantiality <> önem
substantiality <> öz
substantiality <> büyük
substantiality <> besle
substantiality <> dayan
substantiality <> gerçe
substantiality <> sağla
substantiality <> zengi
substantially <> özünd
substantially <> aslın
substantially <> esase
substantially <> gerçe
substantially <> olduk
substantiate <> doğru
substantiate <> gerçe
substantiate <> kanıt
substantiate <> neden
substantiated <> kanıt
substantiating <> kanıt
substantiation <> gerçe
substantiation <> ispat
substantiation <> kanıt
substantiation <> reali
substantival <> isim
substantival <> isiml
substantive <> ad
substantive <> asli
substantive <> dayan
substantive <> isim
substantive <> sağla
substantive <> sabit
substantive <> varlı
substantively <> öneml
substantivity <> etkil
substation <> şube
substation <> trafo
substations <> trafo
substituent <> sübst
substituents <> sübst
substitutability <> ikame
substitutable <> ikame
substitute <> başka
substitute <> bedel
substitute <> temsi
substitute <> vekil
substitute <> yedek
substitute <> yerin
substituted <> yerin
substitutes <> yerin
substituting <> yerin
substitution <> ikame
substitution <> vekil
substitution <> yer 
substitution <> yerin
substitutional <> bedel
substitutional <> ikâme
substitutional <> vekâl
substitutional <> yedek
substitutions <> ikame
substitutive <> ikame
substract <> çıkar
substracting <> çıkar
substraction <> çıkar
substraction <> kesin
substracts <> çıkar
substrata <> temel
substrate <> subst
substratum <> öz
substratum <> alt 
substratum <> altka
substratum <> taban
substratum <> temel
substrings <> dizel
substructure <> altya
substructure <> taban
substructure <> temel
substructures <> altya
subsume <> içerm
subsume <> kapsa
subsume <> sınıf
subsumed <> sahip
subsumption <> içerm
subsumption <> kapsa
subsumption <> sınıf
subsurface <> yeral
subsurfaces <> yüzey
subsystem <> alt
subsystems <> alt
subtasks <> alt 
subtenancy <> kirac
subtenant <> devre
subtenant <> kirac
subterfuge <> bahan
subterfuge <> hile
subterfuge <> kaçam
subterminal <> başın
subterranean <> gizli
subterranean <> topra
subterranean <> yeral
subterraneous <> gizli
subterraneous <> topra
subterraneous <> yeral
subtest <> alt 
subtests <> alt 
subtext <> altme
subthalamic <> subta
subthreshold <> eşika
subtil <> Subti
subtile <> hoş
subtile <> ince
subtile <> kolay
subtile <> kurna
subtile <> tatlı
subtile <> usta
subtile <> ustac
subtile <> zeki
subtility <> anlaş
subtility <> incel
subtility <> kılı
subtility <> kurna
subtility <> ustal
subtility <> zekil
subtilization <> incel
subtilization <> seyre
subtilize <> ince
subtilize <> incel
subtilize <> seyre
subtitle <> altya
subtitle <> ikinc
subtitled <> altya
subtitles <> Altya
subtle <> çözüm
subtle <> hoş
subtle <> ince
subtle <> incel
subtle <> tatlı
subtle <> ustac
subtle <> zeki
subtle <> zekic
subtler <> daha
subtleties <> incel
subtlety <> anlaş
subtlety <> ince
subtlety <> incel
subtlety <> kurna
subtlety <> ustal
subtlety <> zekil
subtly <> kurna
subtopia <> banli
subtopia <> varoş
subtopics <> alt
subtotal <> ara 
subtotal <> kısmi
subtotal <> subto
subtotaled <> Alt
subtotally <> Subto
subtotals <> alt
subtract <> çıkar
subtracted <> çıkar
subtracting <> çıkar
subtraction <> çıkar
subtraction <> kesin
subtractions <> çıkar
subtractive <> eksil
subtractor <> çıkar
subtracts <> çıkar
subtrahend <> çıkan
subtrees <> alt 
subtropical <> astro
subtropics <> astro
subtype <> alt
subtypes <> alt
subunits <> altbi
suburb <> banli
suburb <> kenar
suburb <> varoş
suburban <> banli
suburban <> kenar
suburbanite <> banli
suburbanite <> kenar
suburbans <> Subur
suburbia <> kenar
suburbian <> varoş
suburbs <> banli
suburethral <> subür
subvalvular <> subva
subvariety <> altci
subvention <> devle
subvention <> sübva
subventioned <> devle
subventions <> sübva
subversion <> altüs
subversion <> hüküm
subversion <> harap
subversion <> yıkıl
subversive <> huzur
subversive <> tahri
subversive <> yıkıc
subvert <> düzen
subvert <> devir
subvert <> huzur
subvert <> yıkma
subverted <> altüs
subvertical <> düşey
subverting <> statü
subverts <> sarsa
subvolcanic <> subvo
subway <> alt 
subway <> metro
subway <> tünel
subways <> metro
subwoofers <> subwo
subzero <> sıfır
succeed <> başar
succeed <> sonra
succeed <> varis
succeed <> yerin
succeeded <> başar
succeeding <> başar
succeeds <> başar
succes <> başar
success <> başar
success <> sükse
success <> sonuç
successes <> başar
successful <> başar
successfully <> başar
succession <> üst 
succession <> ardış
succession <> birbi
succession <> intik
succession <> sıra
succession <> silsi
succession <> vekâl
succession <> veras
succession <> yerin
successional <> Sükse
successions <> istif
successive <> üst 
successive <> ardış
successive <> peşpe
successively <> arda
successor <> halef
successor <> varis
successors <> ardıl
succinate <> süksi
succinct <> özlü
succinct <> az 
succinct <> kısa
succinctly <> kısac
succinctness <> özlül
succinctness <> kısa
succinic <> süksi
succinylcholine <> süksi
succor <> deste
succor <> imdad
succor <> imdat
succor <> yardı
succory <> hindi
succour <> deste
succour <> imdad
succour <> imdat
succour <> yardı
succubi <> Succu
succubus <> Succu
succulence <> lezze
succulence <> sulu
succulent <> özlü
succulent <> dinç
succulent <> dolgu
succulent <> etli
succulent <> lezze
succulent <> sulu
succumb <> ölmek
succumb <> dayan
succumb <> karşı
succumb <> pes 
succumb <> yenil
succumbed <> dayan
such <> çok
such <> öyle
such <> öyles
such <> böyle
such <> bu 
such <> gibi
such <> o 
such <> olduk
suchlike <> böyle
suchlike <> benze
suchlike <> bu 
suck <> çekme
suck <> özüml
suck <> anafo
suck <> anne
suck <> elde
suck <> emiş
suck <> emile
suck <> emme
suck <> emmek
suck <> girda
suck <> içim
suck <> içine
suck <> kıç 
suck <> nefes
suck <> sızdı
suck <> sağla
suck <> soğur
suck <> su 
suck <> yağcı
suck <> yudum
sucker <> asala
sucker <> emme
sucker <> enayi
sucker <> fışkı
sucker <> kıç 
sucker <> lolip
sucker <> meme
sucker <> piç
sucker <> süt 
sucker <> salak
sucker <> tulum
sucker <> vantu
sucker <> yağcı
sucker <> yolun
sucking <> acemi
sucking <> ana 
sucking <> emen
sucking <> emici
sucking <> emme
sucking <> olgun
sucking <> sütte
suckle <> bakma
suckle <> besle
suckle <> emzir
suckle <> meme
suckles <> emzir
suckling <> meme
suckling <> süt
suckling <> süt 
sucralfate <> sukra
sucrose <> şeker
sucrose <> sakar
suction <> emiş
suction <> emme
suction <> indük
suction <> vakum
suctioned <> Emile
suctioning <> aspir
suctions <> alıcı
sudarium <> İsa'n
sudation <> ter
sudation <> ter 
sudation <> terle
sudatorium <> ter 
sudatorium <> terle
sudatory <> terle
sudden <> ani
sudden <> ansız
sudden <> bekle
sudden <> umulm
suddenly <> anide
suddenly <> ansız
suddenly <> birde
suddenly <> pat 
suddenness <> ani 
suddenness <> anide
suddenness <> birde
sudor <> Sudor
sudoriferous <> ter
sudoriferous <> terle
sudorific <> terle
suds <> bira
suds <> köpük
suds <> sabun
sudsing <> köpük
sudsy <> köpük
sudsy <> sabun
sue <> dava
sue <> istem
sue <> kur 
sue <> mahke
sue <> rica
sue <> ricad
sue <> talep
sued <> dava
suede <> süet
sues <> dava
suet <> içyağ
suety <> içyağ
suffer <> çekme
suffer <> acı
suffer <> acı 
suffer <> acısı
suffer <> cezas
suffer <> göz 
suffer <> izin
suffer <> kıvra
suffer <> katla
suffer <> zarar
suffer <> zayia
sufferable <> çekil
sufferable <> dayan
sufferable <> katla
sufferance <> dayan
sufferance <> göz 
sufferance <> katla
sufferance <> müsam
sufferance <> taham
suffered <> acı
sufferer <> çeken
sufferer <> acı 
sufferer <> dertl
sufferer <> hasta
sufferer <> kazaz
sufferer <> kurba
sufferers <> olanl
suffering <> çeken
suffering <> çile
suffering <> ızdır
suffering <> acı
suffering <> acı 
suffering <> cefa
suffering <> dert
suffering <> dertl
suffering <> elem
suffering <> kıvra
sufferings <> acıla
suffers <> muzda
suffice <> kâfi
suffice <> yeter
suffice <> yetme
sufficed <> yetti
suffices <> yeter
sufficeth <> yeter
sufficience <> başın
sufficiencies <> yeter
sufficiency <> elver
sufficiency <> kifay
sufficiency <> uygun
sufficiency <> yeter
sufficient <> elver
sufficient <> kâfi
sufficient <> nitel
sufficient <> yeter
sufficiently <> yeter
sufficients <> Yeter
suffix <> eklem
suffix <> sonek
suffix <> sonun
suffixed <> ekli
suffixes <> sonek
suffocate <> boğma
suffocate <> boğul
suffocate <> bunal
suffocate <> hava
suffocate <> söndü
suffocate <> tıkan
suffocated <> boğul
suffocates <> havas
suffocating <> boğuc
suffocating <> bunal
suffocation <> boğul
suffocation <> bunal
suffragan <> yardı
suffrage <> oy
suffrage <> oy 
suffrage <> seçme
suffragettes <> mücad
suffragists <> oy 
suffuse <> üzeri
suffuse <> bürüm
suffuse <> kapla
suffuse <> sakla
suffused <> kızar
suffuses <> doldu
suffusion <> gizle
suffusion <> kızar
suffusion <> sakla
suffusion <> yayıl
suffusion <> yayma
sugar <> şeker
sugar <> iltif
sugar <> kompl
sugar <> para
sugar <> tatlı
sugarbush <> Sugar
sugarcane <> şeker
sugarcoated <> şeker
sugared <> şeker
sugared <> balla
sugarless <> şeker
sugarloaf <> Sugar
sugarplum <> şeker
sugarplum <> bonbo
sugarplum <> pohpo
sugars <> şeker
sugary <> şeker
sugary <> tatlı
sugary <> yüze
sugary <> yapma
suggest <> öne 
suggest <> önerm
suggest <> aşıla
suggest <> akla
suggest <> fikir
suggest <> ima 
suggest <> izlen
suggest <> sezdi
suggest <> tavsi
suggest <> tekli
suggest <> telki
suggested <> öneri
suggestibility <> öneri
suggestibility <> etki
suggestible <> öneri
suggestible <> etki
suggestible <> etkil
suggestible <> tekli
suggesting <> düşün
suggestion <> öneri
suggestion <> önerm
suggestion <> az 
suggestion <> fikir
suggestion <> hatır
suggestion <> ima
suggestion <> iz
suggestion <> tavsi
suggestion <> tekli
suggestion <> telki
suggestions <> öneri
suggestive <> akıl
suggestive <> fikir
suggestive <> hatır
suggestive <> imalı
suggestive <> müste
suggestive <> telki
suggestiveness <> açık
suggestiveness <> anlam
suggestiveness <> imalı
suggestiveness <> müste
suggests <> öneri
suicidal <> intih
suicidality <> intih
suicide <> intih
suicided <> intih
suicides <> intih
suing <> dava
suint <> lanol
suit <> dava
suit <> evlen
suit <> hoşun
suit <> istek
suit <> iyi 
suit <> kostü
suit <> kur
suit <> kur 
suit <> memnu
suit <> rica
suit <> takım
suit <> uydur
suit <> uygun
suit <> uymak
suit <> uyuşm
suit <> uyum
suit <> yakış
suit <> yaraş
suit <> yaram
suitability <> elver
suitability <> uygun
suitability <> yakış
suitability <> yerin
suitable <> elver
suitable <> münas
suitable <> uyan
suitable <> uygun
suitable <> yerin
suitableness <> uygun
suitably <> uygun
suitcase <> çanta
suitcase <> bavul
suitcase <> valiz
suitcases <> bavul
suite <> devam
suite <> maiye
suite <> süit
suite <> suit
suite <> takım
suited <> elbis
suited <> takım
suited <> uygun
suited <> yeter
suites <> suit
suiting <> takım
suiting <> tayyö
suitor <> davac
suitor <> dilek
suitor <> evlen
suitor <> talip
suitors <> talip
suits <> takım
suji <> Suji
sukh <> Sukh
sukiyaki <> Sukiy
sukkot <> Sukot
sula <> Sula
sulcal <> sulka
sulci <> sulku
sulcus <> sulku
sulfa <> sülfa
sulfacetamide <> sülfa
sulfamethazine <> sulfa
sulfamethoxazole <> sulfa
sulfas <> sulfa
sulfate <> sülfa
sulfated <> sülfa
sulfates <> sülfa
sulfathiazole <> Sulfa
sulfation <> sülfa
sulfhydryl <> sülfi
sulfhydryls <> sülfh
sulfide <> sülfi
sulfides <> sülfü
sulfinic <> Sülfi
sulfite <> sülfi
sulfites <> sülfi
sulfonamide <> sulfo
sulfonamides <> sulfo
sulfonate <> sülfo
sulfonated <> sülfo
sulfonates <> sülfo
sulfonation <> sülfo
sulfones <> Sülfo
sulfonic <> sülfo
sulfonyl <> Sülfa
sulfonylurea <> sülfo
sulfonylureas <> sülfo
sulfoxide <> sülfo
sulfoxides <> Sülfo
sulfur <> kükür
sulfur <> sülfü
sulfur <> sarı
sulfuric <> kükür
sulfuric <> sülfü
sulfurization <> kükür
sulfurous <> kükür
sulk <> küsme
sulk <> somur
sulk <> surat
sulkiness <> somur
sulking <> somur
sulks <> küsme
sulks <> somur
sulks <> surat
sulky <> asık
sulky <> bir 
sulky <> huysu
sulky <> iki 
sulky <> küsmü
sulky <> sürüc
sulky <> somur
sulky <> surat
sulky <> tek 
sullage <> Sulla
sullen <> aksi
sullen <> can 
sullen <> iç 
sullen <> kapal
sullen <> kasve
sullen <> somur
sullen <> surat
sullenly <> surat
sullenness <> aksil
sullenness <> asık
sullenness <> kasve
sullenness <> sıkıc
sullenness <> somur
sullenness <> tersl
sully <> kirle
sully <> lekel
sullying <> kirle
sulpha <> sülfa
sulphamethoxazole <> sulfa
sulphanilic <> sülfa
sulphate <> sülfa
sulphated <> sülfa
sulphates <> sülfa
sulphide <> sülfü
sulphide <> sülfi
sulphides <> sülfi
sulphite <> sülfi
sulphites <> sülfi
sulphonamide <> sülfo
sulphonamides <> sülfo
sulphonate <> sülfo
sulphonated <> sülfo
sulphonates <> sülfo
sulphonation <> Sülfo
sulphone <> Sülfo
sulphonic <> sülfo
sulphonylurea <> sülfo
sulphonylureas <> sülfo
sulphoxide <> sülfo
sulphur <> kükür
sulphur <> sülfü
sulphur <> sarı
sulphurate <> kükür
sulphurate <> vulka
sulphured <> kükür
sulphureous <> kükür
sulphureous <> sülfü
sulphuret <> kükür
sulphuret <> sülfi
sulphuretted <> kükür
sulphuric <> kükür
sulphuric <> sülfü
sulphuring <> kükür
sulphurised <> kükür
sulphurize <> kükür
sulphurize <> vulka
sulphurous <> ateşl
sulphurous <> harar
sulphurous <> kükür
sulphurous <> sülfü
sulphury <> kükür
sultan <> paçal
sultan <> padiş
sultan <> sulta
sultana <> çekir
sultana <> padiş
sultana <> sulta
sultana <> valid
sultanas <> üzüm
sultanate <> padiş
sultanate <> salta
sultanate <> sulta
sultanates <> Beyli
sultans <> sulta
sultriness <> boğuc
sultriness <> sıcak
sultry <> ateşl
sultry <> boğuc
sultry <> cinse
sultry <> harar
sultry <> ihtir
sultry <> sıcak
sultry <> tutku
sulu <> Sulu
sulus <> sülüs
sum <> öz
sum <> özet
sum <> adet
sum <> doruk
sum <> esas
sum <> hesap
sum <> matem
sum <> mebla
sum <> mikta
sum <> netic
sum <> sonuç
sum <> topla
sum <> tutar
sum <> yekun
sumac <> sumak
sumach <> sumak
sumatra <> Sumat
sumbul <> Sümbü
summability <> topla
summable <> topla
summaries <> özetl
summarily <> özetl
summariness <> özetl
summariness <> kısal
summarise <> özet
summarise <> özetl
summarise <> kısal
summarised <> özetl
summarises <> özetl
summarising <> özetl
summarizable <> özetl
summarization <> özetl
summarizations <> ozetl
summarize <> özet
summarize <> özetl
summarize <> kısal
summarized <> özetl
summarizer <> özetl
summarizes <> özetl
summarizing <> özetl
summary <> özet
summary <> özetl
summary <> özlü
summary <> kısa
summary <> kısal
summary <> kesti
summary <> seri
summation <> özet
summation <> özetl
summation <> hülas
summation <> topla
summations <> topla
summative <> özetl
summed <> özetl
summer <> gençl
summer <> hayat
summer <> kapı
summer <> pence
summer <> refah
summer <> taban
summer <> yazı
summer <> yaz
summer <> yaz 
summer <> yazla
summerhouse <> çarda
summerhouse <> kamer
summerhouse <> yazlı
summerhouses <> yazlı
summerized <> kurna
summerlike <> yaz 
summerlike <> yaza
summerlike <> yazlı
summerly <> yaz 
summerly <> yazlı
summers <> yazla
summertime <> yaz
summertime <> yaz 
summertree <> Summe
summery <> yaz 
summery <> yaza
summery <> yazlı
summing <> topla
summit <> doruk
summit <> tepe
summit <> zirve
summitry <> zirve
summits <> zirve
summon <> çağır
summon <> çağrı
summon <> celp
summon <> gelme
summon <> topla
summoned <> topla
summoner <> haber
summoner <> kurye
summoner <> ulak
summoning <> çağır
summons <> çağrı
summons <> celp
summons <> davet
summons <> tesli
sumner <> Sumne
sumners <> Sumne
sump <> kazıy
sump <> lağım
sump <> maden
sump <> yağ 
sumps <> çukur
sumpter <> yük
sumpter <> yük 
sumption <> büyük
sumptuary <> gider
sumptuary <> masra
sumptuous <> görke
sumptuous <> ihtiş
sumptuous <> lüks
sumptuous <> masra
sumptuous <> pahal
sumptuously <> görke
sumptuousness <> görke
sumptuousness <> ihtiş
sumptuousness <> lüks
sumptuousness <> masra
sumptuousness <> tutum
sums <> hesap
sums <> topla
sun <> Güneş
sun <> Pazar
sun <> gün
sun <> güneş
sun <> yıl
sunbaked <> güneş
sunbath <> güneş
sunbathe <> güneş
sunbathers <> güneş
sunbathing <> güneş
sunbeam <> güneş
sunbeams <> güneş
sunbed <> şezlo
sunbeds <> şezlo
sunbelt <> güneş
sunbird <> Sunbi
sunblind <> jaluz
sunblinds <> storl
sunblock <> güneş
sunburn <> bronz
sunburn <> güneş
sunburned <> bronz
sunburned <> güneş
sunburns <> güneş
sunburnt <> bronz
sunburnt <> güneş
sunburst <> Japon
sunburst <> güneş
sunburst <> kuvve
sundae <> dondu
sundae <> sunde
sundaes <> Sunda
sundance <> Sunda
sundeck <> güneş
sunder <> ayırm
sunder <> ayrıl
sunder <> kopar
sunder <> kopma
sunderance <> ayırm
sunderance <> ayrıl
sunderance <> kopma
sundering <> Sunde
sundew <> böcek
sundew <> güneş
sundial <> güneş
sundown <> gün
sundown <> gün 
sundown <> güneş
sundown <> gurup
sundowner <> akşam
sundowner <> serse
sundowns <> Sundo
sundried <> güneş
sundries <> çeşit
sundries <> ötebe
sundries <> ufak
sundry <> çeşit
sundry <> bir 
sundry <> muhte
sundry <> türlü
sunfast <> güneş
sunfield <> Sunfi
sunfish <> ay 
sunfish <> güneş
sunflower <> ayçiç
sunflower <> gündö
sunflower <> güneb
sunflowers <> ayçiç
sunglass <> güneş
sunglasses <> güneş
sunglow <> şafak
sunglow <> güneş
sunglow <> tan
sunglow <> yakıc
sunk <> çökük
sunk <> çukur
sunk <> gömül
sunk <> gömme
sunk <> içine
sunken <> çökük
sunken <> çukur
sunken <> batık
sunken <> batır
sunken <> batan
sunken <> gömme
sunken <> içine
sunken <> sualt
sunland <> Sunla
sunless <> güneş
sunlessness <> güneş
sunlight <> güneş
sunlit <> aydın
sunlit <> güneş
sunlounger <> Sunlo
sunloungers <> şezlo
sunn <> süne
sunna <> Sünne
sunnah <> sünne
sunnier <> güneş
sunniest <> güneş
sunny <> aydın
sunny <> güneş
sunny <> neşel
sunny <> parla
sunproof <> ışık
sunproof <> güneş
sunrays <> güneş
sunrise <> gündo
sunrise <> güneş
sunrises <> gündo
sunroof <> sunro
sunroof <> tepe
sunroofs <> sunro
sunroom <> güneş
sunrooms <> Sunro
suns <> güneş
sunscreening <> güneş
sunscreens <> güneş
sunset <> çöküş
sunset <> gün
sunset <> gün 
sunset <> güneş
sunset <> gurup
sunset <> son
sunsets <> günba
sunshade <> şemsi
sunshade <> güneş
sunshades <> güneş
sunshine <> güneş
sunshine <> neşe
sunspot <> güneş
sunspots <> güneş
sunstone <> Sunst
sunstroke <> güneş
sunstruck <> güneş
suntan <> bronz
suntan <> yanık
suntanned <> bronz
suntanned <> güneş
suntanning <> bronz
suntanning <> güneş
sunup <> gündo
sunup <> güneş
sunview <> Sunvi
sunward <> Güneş
sunwise <> güneş
sunworshipper <> Sunwo
sup <> akşam
sup <> kaşık
sup <> sup
sup <> yudum
super <> üstün
super <> aşırı
super <> başko
super <> bina
super <> biric
super <> birin
super <> denet
super <> fazla
super <> figür
super <> gözet
super <> ihtiy
super <> kalit
super <> kapıc
super <> kontr
super <> mükem
super <> polis
super <> süper
super <> sesüs
superable <> çares
superable <> hakkı
superable <> yenil
superabound <> aşırı
superabound <> bol 
superabound <> fazla
superabundance <> çok 
superabundance <> aşırı
superabundant <> çok 
superabundant <> aşırı
superabundant <> bol
superabundant <> bol 
superabundant <> gereğ
superadd <> daha
superadd <> katma
superalloy <> süper
superalloys <> süper
superannuate <> emekl
superannuate <> yaş 
superannuated <> emekl
superannuated <> eski
superannuated <> eskim
superannuated <> modas
superannuated <> yaşlı
superannuation <> emekl
superb <> alâ
superb <> harik
superb <> mükem
superb <> müthi
superb <> muhte
superbad <> Super
superblock <> süper
superblocks <> Süper
superbly <> çok 
superbly <> harik
superbly <> süper
supercalender <> ince
supercalender <> makar
supercargo <> armat
supercargo <> yük 
supercede <> öne
superceding <> altın
supercharge <> aşırı
supercharge <> fazla
supercharge <> kompr
supercharger <> süper
supercharges <> süper
supercharging <> süper
superchic <> Super
superciliary <> super
supercilious <> kendi
supercilious <> kibir
supercilious <> mağru
supercilious <> teped
superclass <> üst 
superclean <> SUPER
superclub <> Super
superclubs <> Super
supercluster <> üstkü
superclusters <> Üstkü
supercoiling <> süper
supercollider <> Super
supercomputer <> süper
supercomputers <> süper
supercomputing <> süper
superconducting <> süper
superconductive <> süper
superconductivity <> süper
superconductor <> süper
superconductors <> süper
superconnected <> Super
supercontinent <> süper
supercool <> aşırı
supercooled <> aşırı
supercooling <> aşırı
supercritical <> süper
superego <> süper
superelevation <> kaldı
superelevation <> yükse
supereminence <> üstün
supereminence <> aşırı
supererogation <> görev
supererogation <> işgüz
supererogation <> isten
supererogatory <> fuzul
supererogatory <> gerek
supererogatory <> işgüz
supererogatory <> işin
superfamily <> üst 
superfast <> süper
superfatted <> çok 
superficial <> üstün
superficial <> ayrın
superficial <> dış
superficial <> iki 
superficial <> yüzey
superficial <> yarım
superficialis <> süper
superficiality <> yüzey
superficially <> üstün
superficially <> derin
superficially <> iki 
superficially <> yüzey
superficies <> dış 
superficies <> satıh
superficies <> yüzey
superfine <> çok 
superfine <> son 
superfix <> SUPER
superfluidity <> akışk
superfluids <> süper
superfluities <> fazla
superfluities <> gerek
superfluity <> çoklu
superfluity <> bollu
superfluity <> fazla
superfluity <> gerek
superfluous <> bol 
superfluous <> fazla
superfluous <> gerek
superfluously <> bol
superfluously <> bol 
superfluously <> fazla
superfluously <> gerek
superfund <> Super
supergene <> süper
supergiant <> süper
supergiants <> süper
supergrass <> Super
supergravity <> Super
superheat <> fazla
superheat <> kızdı
superheated <> kızgı
superheater <> kızdı
superheating <> aşırı
superhero <> süper
superheroine <> Super
superhighway <> otoba
superhighway <> sürat
superhits <> Super
superhuman <> insan
superimpose <> üstün
superimpose <> üst 
superimpose <> eklem
superimposed <> üst
superimposes <> üst
superimposing <> atma
superimposition <> üst 
superinfection <> süper
superintend <> bakma
superintend <> denet
superintend <> kontr
superintendence <> bakma
superintendence <> denet
superintendence <> gözet
superintendence <> kontr
superintendent <> başko
superintendent <> bina
superintendent <> denet
superintendent <> kapıc
superintendent <> kontr
superintendent <> müfet
superintendent <> polis
superintendents <> müdür
superior <> üstün
superior <> üst
superior <> üstte
superior <> asil
superior <> başra
superior <> ilgis
superior <> kibir
superior <> satır
superior <> yükse
superiorities <> üstün
superiority <> üstün
superiority <> büyük
superiority <> kendi
superiority <> meziy
superiorly <> super
superiors <> amirl
superjet <> Super
superlarge <> süper
superlative <> enüst
superlative <> en 
superlative <> mükem
superlatives <> abart
superlattices <> süper
superlight <> delik
superman <> insan
superman <> süper
supermarket <> süper
supermarkets <> süper
supermassive <> kütle
supermen <> Super
supermicro <> Super
superminis <> süper
supermodels <> süper
supermolecular <> Süper
supernal <> tanrı
supernatant <> süper
supernatants <> süper
supernatural <> doğaü
supernatural <> muciz
supernatural <> olağa
supernaturally <> doğaü
supernaturals <> Super
supernature <> Super
supernormal <> müste
supernormal <> norma
supernormal <> olağa
supernova <> süper
supernovae <> süper
supernovas <> süper
supernumerary <> ekstr
supernumerary <> fazla
supernumerary <> figür
supernumerary <> ihtiy
superovulation <> süper
superoxide <> süper
superphosphate <> süper
superphysical <> doğaü
superplastic <> Süper
superplasticity <> Süper
superpose <> çakış
superpose <> üstün
superpose <> üst 
superposed <> süper
superposition <> çakış
superposition <> üstün
superposition <> üst 
superposition <> süper
superpower <> aşırı
superpower <> süper
superpowered <> Amano
superpowers <> süper
superpro <> Super
superprogrammer <> Super
superrace <> üstün
supers <> Super
supersaturate <> çok 
supersaturate <> aşırı
supersaturated <> aşırı
supersaturation <> aşırı
superscalar <> Super
superscribe <> üstün
superscribe <> dışın
superscript <> üstsi
superscripted <> üstsi
superscription <> ünvan
superscription <> üstün
superscription <> dışın
superscripts <> üst
supersede <> ayağı
supersede <> yerin
supersedeas <> üst 
supersedeas <> engel
supersedeas <> infaz
supersedeas <> temyi
superseded <> yerin
supersedes <> yerin
superseding <> yerin
supersensitive <> aşırı
supersensitivity <> süper
supersession <> yer 
supersession <> yerin
superset <> üst
supersets <> Süper
supersized <> Super
supersoft <> Super
supersonic <> süper
supersonic <> sesüs
supersonic <> seste
supersonics <> süper
supersound <> Super
superspeed <> Super
superstition <> batıl
superstition <> boş 
superstition <> huraf
superstitions <> batıl
superstitious <> batıl
superstitiousness <> batıl
superstock <> Super
superstore <> marke
superstratum <> üst 
superstring <> Super
superstrings <> Super
superstructural <> üstya
superstructure <> üst 
superstructure <> üstya
superstructures <> üst
supersulphate <> süper
supersweet <> SUPER
supersymmetric <> süper
supersymmetry <> süper
supersystem <> Super
supertanker <> Super
supertankers <> süper
supertax <> ek 
supertax <> katma
supertax <> munza
superthin <> süper
superuser <> süper
superusers <> ayrıc
supervene <> eklen
supervene <> geliv
supervene <> hemen
supervene <> izlem
supervene <> sonra
supervillain <> Super
supervillains <> Super
supervise <> bakma
supervise <> denet
supervise <> gözet
supervise <> idare
supervise <> nezar
supervise <> yönet
supervised <> denet
supervises <> denet
supervising <> nezar
supervision <> denet
supervision <> gözet
supervision <> idare
supervision <> kontr
supervision <> nezar
supervision <> tefti
supervisions <> denet
supervisor <> şef
supervisor <> danış
supervisor <> denet
supervisor <> gözet
supervisor <> müdür
supervisor <> müfet
supervisor <> super
supervisor <> yönet
supervisors <> denet
supervisory <> denet
supervisory <> yönet
superwave <> Super
supination <> supin
supine <> den 
supine <> gevşe
supine <> i 
supine <> lâkay
supine <> sırtü
supine <> uyuşu
supine <> yatay
supper <> Hazre
supper <> akşam
supper <> hafif
supplant <> alt 
supplant <> ayağı
supplant <> gölge
supplant <> yerin
supplanted <> üstle
supple <> elast
supple <> esnek
supple <> esnet
supple <> kıvra
supple <> uysal
supple <> uyuml
supple <> yumuş
supplement <> bütün
supplement <> ek
supplement <> eklem
supplement <> ilave
supplement <> tamam
supplemental <> bütün
supplemental <> ek
supplemental <> ilave
supplemental <> katma
supplemental <> tamam
supplementary <> bütün
supplementary <> ek
supplementary <> ilave
supplementary <> katma
supplementary <> tamam
supplementation <> ek
supplementation <> eklem
supplementation <> ilave
supplemented <> deste
supplementing <> ilave
supplements <> takvi
suppleness <> esnek
suppleness <> kıvra
suppleness <> uysal
suppleness <> uyuml
suppleness <> yumuş
suppliant <> dilek
suppliant <> rica
suppliant <> yalva
supplicant <> dilek
supplicant <> rica
supplicant <> yalva
supplicate <> rica
supplicate <> yalva
supplication <> niyaz
supplication <> rica
supplication <> yalva
supplications <> yalva
supplicatory <> niyaz
supplicatory <> yalva
supplied <> veril
supplier <> ihtiy
supplier <> satıc
supplier <> tedar
suppliers <> tedar
supplies <> levaz
supplies <> malze
supply <> ödene
supply <> arz
supply <> bütçe
supply <> başka
supply <> besle
supply <> elast
supply <> erzak
supply <> esnek
supply <> gider
supply <> ihtiy
supply <> ikmal
supply <> karşı
supply <> levaz
supply <> mevcu
supply <> mikta
supply <> sağla
supply <> sunu
supply <> tedar
supply <> temin
supply <> uysal
supply <> uyuml
supply <> vekil
supply <> verme
supply <> yerin
supplying <> donat
supplying <> temin
support <> özend
support <> üstle
support <> ısrar
support <> altlı
support <> arka
support <> bakma
support <> cesar
support <> dayam
support <> dayan
support <> deste
support <> doğru
support <> güç 
support <> geçin
support <> kanıt
support <> kuvve
support <> para
support <> payan
support <> sürdü
support <> takvi
support <> taraf
support <> tutma
support <> yardı
supportability <> deste
supportable <> çekil
supportable <> dayan
supportable <> deste
supportable <> kanıt
supported <> deste
supporter <> arka
supporter <> bilek
supporter <> deste
supporter <> haya
supporter <> korse
supporter <> lehda
supporter <> spons
supporter <> suspa
supporter <> taraf
supporter <> yardı
supporters <> deste
supporting <> deste
supporting <> kanıt
supporting <> kuvve
supporting <> yardı
supportings <> deste
supportive <> deste
supports <> deste
suppose <> düşün
suppose <> farze
suppose <> gerek
suppose <> olduğ
suppose <> sanma
suppose <> sayma
suppose <> tahmi
suppose <> varsa
suppose <> zanne
supposed <> farze
supposed <> sözüm
supposed <> sözde
supposed <> varsa
supposed <> zanne
supposedly <> sözde
supposes <> sanıy
supposing <> düşün
supposition <> faraz
supposition <> sanı
supposition <> tahmi
supposition <> varsa
supposition <> zan
suppositional <> faraz
suppositional <> sanıl
suppositional <> varsa
suppositional <> zanne
suppositions <> varsa
supposititious <> değiş
supposititious <> faraz
supposititious <> sahte
supposititious <> sanıl
supposititious <> varsa
supposititious <> zanne
suppositories <> fitil
suppository <> fitil
suppository <> vajin
suppress <> önlem
suppress <> örtba
suppress <> baskı
suppress <> bastı
suppress <> dindi
suppress <> durdu
suppress <> hasır
suppress <> ortad
suppress <> yayın
suppress <> zapte
suppressant <> önley
suppressant <> bastı
suppressant <> kesic
suppressed <> bastı
suppresses <> bastı
suppressing <> baskı
suppression <> önlem
suppression <> örtba
suppression <> baskı
suppression <> bastı
suppression <> durdu
suppression <> gizle
suppression <> kesme
suppression <> sindi
suppression <> tutma
suppressive <> baskı
suppressor <> paraz
suppressor <> süpre
suppressors <> bastı
suppurate <> cerah
suppurate <> iltih
suppurate <> irin
suppurating <> cerah
suppuration <> cerah
suppuration <> iltih
suppuration <> irin
suppurative <> iltih
suppurative <> irin
supra <> supra
supra <> yukar
suprachiasmatic <> supra
suprachoroidal <> supra
supraciliary <> Supra
supraclavicular <> supra
supracondylar <> supra
supracostal <> supra
supraliminal <> bilin
supramolecular <> supra
supranational <> ulusl
supranationalism <> hem 
supraoptic <> supra
suprapubic <> supra
suprarenal <> böbre
suprascapular <> supra
supraspinous <> supra
supraventricular <> supra
suprema <> Supre
supremacist <> üstün
supremacy <> üstün
supremacy <> büyük
supremacy <> egeme
supremacy <> enüst
supremacy <> yücel
suprematism <> Süpre
supreme <> azami
supreme <> en 
supreme <> kriti
supreme <> son
supreme <> yüce
supremely <> fevka
supremely <> mükem
supremes <> Supre
supremo <> tam 
supremo <> yüce
sura <> Sure
surah <> sure
surahs <> sûrel
suras <> surel
surcease <> ara
surcease <> ara 
surcease <> bitme
surcease <> kesil
surcharge <> ücret
surcharge <> ağır
surcharge <> fazla
surcharge <> sürşa
surcharge <> yeni
surcharges <> Zammı
surcingle <> palan
surcoat <> cüppe
surcoat <> parde
surcoat <> zırh
surd <> ünsüz
surd <> asam
surd <> rasyo
surd <> sessi
surd <> tam 
sure <> şüphe
sure <> elbet
sure <> emin
sure <> güven
sure <> kesin
sure <> muhak
sure <> mutlâ
sure <> sıkı
sure <> sağla
sure <> tabii
sured <> ölçül
surefire <> SureF
surely <> elbet
surely <> emin
surely <> güven
surely <> muhak
surely <> tabii
surement <> yaptı
sureness <> emin
sureness <> güven
sureness <> kesin
surer <> Surer
sures <> sağla
sureties <> kefal
surety <> engel
surety <> güven
surety <> garan
surety <> kefil
surety <> kesin
surety <> temin
suretyship <> kefal
suretyships <> kefal
surf <> kıyıy
surf <> sörf
surface <> üst
surface <> cilal
surface <> düzle
surface <> dış 
surface <> gün 
surface <> kanat
surface <> meyda
surface <> ortay
surface <> yüzey
surfaced <> yüzey
surfaceman <> hat 
surfacer <> perda
surfacer <> plany
surfaces <> yüzey
surfacing <> yüzey
surfactant <> sürfa
surfactants <> yüzey
surfboard <> sörf
surfboard <> surfb
surfboards <> sörf
surfboat <> dalga
surfeit <> şişki
surfeit <> aşırı
surfeit <> bıkkı
surfeit <> tıka
surfer <> sörfç
surfers <> sörfç
surficial <> yüzey
surfing <> sörf
surfs <> Surfs
surfside <> Surfs
surge <> dalga
surge <> dev 
surge <> inip
surge <> kabar
surge <> taşma
surged <> artış
surgeon <> asker
surgeon <> cerra
surgeon <> gemi
surgeon <> opera
surgeons <> cerra
surgeries <> ameli
surgery <> ameli
surgery <> cerra
surgery <> muaye
surges <> dalga
surgical <> ameli
surgical <> cerra
surgical <> tıbbi
surgically <> cerra
surging <> dalga
surging <> inişl
surging <> kabar
surgy <> dalga
surgy <> inişl
surgy <> kabar
surimi <> Surim
suring <> TASAR
surliness <> aksil
surliness <> huysu
surliness <> somur
surly <> aksi
surly <> asık
surly <> huysu
surly <> sert
surly <> somur
surly <> surat
surmen <> Sürme
surmise <> şüphe
surmise <> kanı
surmise <> kuşku
surmise <> sanma
surmise <> tahmi
surmise <> zanne
surmised <> tahmi
surmount <> üstes
surmount <> üzeri
surmount <> aşmak
surmount <> halle
surmount <> yenme
surmountable <> aşıla
surmountable <> halle
surmountable <> yenil
surmounting <> yoked
surname <> lakap
surname <> soyad
surname <> takma
surnames <> soyad
surpass <> üstün
surpass <> aşmak
surpass <> baskı
surpass <> geçme
surpassed <> aştı
surpasses <> aşan
surpassing <> üstün
surpassing <> aşara
surpassing <> baskı
surplice <> cüppe
surplus <> artan
surplus <> fazla
surplus <> serma
surplusage <> artan
surplusage <> dava
surplusage <> fazla
surpluses <> fazla
surprise <> şaşır
surprise <> şaşkı
surprise <> baskı
surprise <> bekle
surprise <> hayre
surprise <> oyuna
surprise <> sürpr
surprised <> şaşır
surprisedly <> şaşkı
surprisedly <> hayre
surprises <> sürpr
surprising <> şaşır
surprising <> hayre
surprisingly <> şaşır
surprisingly <> hayre
surprize <> şaşır
surprize <> şaşkı
surprize <> baskı
surprize <> bekle
surprize <> hayre
surprize <> oyuna
surprize <> sürpr
surprized <> şaşır
surprizing <> şaşır
surprizingly <> şaşır
surprizingly <> hayre
surreal <> gerçe
surrealism <> gerçe
surrealism <> sürre
surrealist <> gerçe
surrealist <> sürre
surrealistic <> sürre
surrealists <> sürre
surrebut <> delil
surrender <> bırak
surrender <> boyun
surrender <> ferag
surrender <> iade
surrender <> iptal
surrender <> kapıl
surrender <> kendi
surrender <> pes 
surrender <> tesli
surrender <> vazge
surrendered <> tesli
surrendering <> tesli
surrenders <> tesli
surreptitious <> el 
surreptitious <> gizli
surreptitious <> hırsı
surreptitious <> kaçam
surreptitiously <> gizli
surrogate <> vasiy
surrogate <> vekil
surrogate <> yerin
surrogates <> Suret
surround <> çevir
surround <> çevre
surround <> şömin
surround <> etraf
surround <> kuşat
surround <> sürgü
surround <> sarma
surround <> surro
surrounded <> çevri
surrounding <> çevre
surrounding <> etraf
surrounding <> kuşat
surroundings <> çevre
surroundings <> dolay
surroundings <> etraf
surroundings <> muhit
surrounds <> çevre
surtax <> ek
surtax <> ek 
surtax <> katma
surtitles <> üstya
surveil <> sürve
surveillance <> gözal
surveillance <> gözet
surveillance <> izlem
surveillance <> nezar
surveille <> surve
survey <> ölçme
survey <> anket
survey <> araşt
survey <> bakma
survey <> etüt
survey <> genel
survey <> harit
survey <> incel
survey <> muaye
survey <> tetki
survey <> yokla
surveyed <> Anket
surveying <> ölçme
surveying <> etüt
surveying <> incel
surveyor <> ölçüm
surveyor <> anket
surveyor <> araşt
surveyor <> bilir
surveyor <> kamuo
surveyor <> mesah
surveyor <> mimar
surveyor <> sürve
surveyors <> incel
surveys <> anket
survivability <> beka
survivable <> hayat
survival <> daha
survival <> hatır
survival <> hayat
survival <> kalma
survival <> sağ 
survival <> yadig
survivalism <> Survi
survivalist <> Will
survivals <> sağka
survive <> daha
survive <> dayan
survive <> göğüs
survive <> geriy
survive <> hayat
survive <> kalma
survive <> sağ 
survive <> yadig
survived <> hayat
surviver <> gerid
surviver <> hayat
surviver <> kazaz
surviver <> kurtu
surviver <> sağ 
surviver <> varis
survivers <> ölüm
survives <> hayat
surviving <> gerid
surviving <> geriy
surviving <> hayat
surviving <> kalan
surviving <> sağ 
survivor <> gerid
survivor <> hayat
survivor <> kazaz
survivor <> kurtu
survivor <> sağ 
survivor <> varis
survivors <> ölüm
survivorship <> yaşay
susanna <> suzan
susceptance <> Susep
susceptibilities <> duyar
susceptibilities <> hassa
susceptibility <> alıng
susceptibility <> duyar
susceptibility <> hassa
susceptible <> şıpse
susceptible <> alıng
susceptible <> duyar
susceptible <> duygu
susceptible <> elver
susceptible <> hassa
susceptible <> kolay
susceptible <> müsai
susceptive <> alıng
susceptive <> alan
susceptive <> duyar
susceptive <> duygu
susceptive <> hassa
susceptive <> kabul
susceptive <> müsai
suspect <> şüphe
suspect <> güven
suspect <> hakkı
suspect <> kuşku
suspect <> sanık
suspect <> zanlı
suspected <> şüphe
suspecting <> şüphe
suspection <> şüphe
suspects <> Şüphe
suspend <> ara 
suspend <> askıy
suspend <> asmak
suspend <> durdu
suspend <> ertel
suspend <> görev
suspend <> iptal
suspend <> sonra
suspend <> uzakl
suspended <> ara 
suspended <> asılı
suspended <> asılm
suspended <> askıy
suspended <> asma
suspended <> ertel
suspended <> görev
suspended <> geçic
suspended <> uzakl
suspender <> askı
suspenders <> jarti
suspenders <> panto
suspending <> askıy
suspends <> askıy
suspense <> askıy
suspense <> belir
suspense <> endiş
suspense <> ertel
suspense <> karar
suspense <> merak
suspense <> muall
suspense <> tered
suspenseful <> şüphe
suspenseful <> endiş
suspenseful <> merak
suspension <> ara 
suspension <> asılm
suspension <> askıy
suspension <> asma
suspension <> boyko
suspension <> durdu
suspension <> el 
suspension <> ertel
suspension <> süspa
suspension <> tehir
suspension <> uzakl
suspensions <> süspa
suspensive <> ara 
suspensive <> askıy
suspensive <> durdu
suspensive <> ertel
suspensive <> tered
suspensive <> uzakl
suspensory <> asıcı
suspensory <> asılı
suspensory <> askı
suspensory <> ertel
suspensory <> kasık
suspensory <> suspe
suspicion <> şüphe
suspicion <> az 
suspicion <> belli
suspicion <> damla
suspicion <> işkil
suspicion <> iz
suspicion <> kuşku
suspicion <> vehim
suspicions <> şüphe
suspicious <> şüphe
suspicious <> güven
suspicious <> kuşku
suspiciously <> şüphe
suspiciously <> kuşku
suspiciousness <> şüphe
suspiration <> iç 
suspiration <> nefes
suspire <> iç 
suspire <> nefes
suss <> süß
sustain <> çekme
sustain <> cesar
sustain <> deste
sustain <> devam
sustain <> doğru
sustain <> finan
sustain <> güç 
sustain <> geçin
sustain <> hakkı
sustain <> iyi 
sustain <> kabul
sustain <> katla
sustain <> maruz
sustain <> notay
sustain <> onayl
sustain <> para
sustain <> sürdü
sustain <> taşım
sustain <> uğram
sustainability <> sürdü
sustainable <> sürdü
sustained <> aralı
sustained <> devam
sustained <> kabul
sustained <> sönüm
sustained <> sürek
sustained <> uzatm
sustainer <> Susta
sustainers <> Umutl
sustaining <> besle
sustaining <> deste
sustaining <> sürdü
sustainment <> idame
sustains <> sürdü
sustenance <> besin
sustenance <> besle
sustenance <> deste
sustenance <> gıda
sustenance <> yaşat
sustenance <> yardı
sustentaculum <> suste
sustentation <> besin
sustentation <> besle
sustentation <> deste
sustentation <> geçim
sustentation <> geçin
sustentation <> nafak
sustentation <> yaşat
susurrant <> fısıl
susurrant <> hışır
susurration <> fısıl
sutler <> orduy
sutor <> Sutor
sutras <> Sutra
sutta <> Sutta
suttee <> kadın
sutural <> dikiş
suturation <> sütür
suture <> derz
suture <> dikiş
suture <> dikme
suture <> ek 
sutured <> dikil
sutures <> sütür
suturing <> sütür
suzerain <> hüküm
suzerain <> hükme
suzerain <> uyruğ
suzerainty <> hüküm
suzerainty <> hükme
svedberg <> Svedb
svelte <> fidan
svelte <> ince
swab <> alçak
swab <> bez
swab <> bulaş
swab <> ilaçl
swab <> paçav
swab <> palas
swab <> paspa
swab <> tahta
swab <> tayfa
swab <> temiz
swabber <> hanta
swabber <> temiz
swabs <> bezle
swaddle <> kunda
swaddle <> sarma
swaddling <> kunda
swag <> çalın
swag <> çiçek
swag <> yağma
swage <> çekiç
swage <> dövme
swage <> kalıp
swage <> maden
swagger <> çalım
swagger <> şık
swagger <> artis
swagger <> caka
swagger <> dayı
swagger <> dayıl
swagger <> hava
swagger <> haval
swagger <> horoz
swagger <> kırıt
swagger <> kasıl
swagger <> kasın
swagger <> kurum
swaggerer <> artis
swaggerer <> atıcı
swaggerer <> dayı
swaggerer <> kasın
swaggerer <> palav
swaggering <> dayıl
swaggering <> fiyak
swaggering <> hava
swaggering <> horoz
swaggering <> kasın
swaging <> dövül
swaging <> dövme
swain <> çoban
swain <> aşık
swain <> köylü
swakara <> svaka
swallow <> çatal
swallow <> altın
swallow <> bastı
swallow <> belli
swallow <> boğaz
swallow <> cayma
swallow <> dönme
swallow <> ezber
swallow <> frak
swallow <> geri
swallow <> içine
swallow <> inanm
swallow <> kırla
swallow <> kuyru
swallow <> siney
swallow <> yudum
swallow <> yutak
swallow <> yutku
swallow <> yutma
swallow <> zapte
swallowed <> Yutul
swallowing <> kanma
swallowing <> yutma
swallows <> frak
swallowtail <> Swall
swam <> yüzdü
swami <> Hindu
swami <> hoca
swamis <> Swami
swamp <> çiğne
swamp <> batır
swamp <> batak
swamp <> hiçe
swamp <> tarım
swamp <> yenme
swamped <> gömül
swamps <> batak
swampy <> batak
swamy <> Swamy
swan <> Kuğu
swan <> kuğu
swank <> çalım
swank <> şıklı
swank <> fiyak
swank <> göste
swank <> hava
swanky <> şık
swanky <> göste
swanky <> haval
swanlike <> kuğu
swanneck <> deve
swanneck <> kuğu
swannery <> kuğu
swans <> kuğu
swap <> değiş
swap <> karşı
swap <> takas
swap <> tramp
swappable <> değiş
swapped <> takas
swapper <> takas
swaps <> swapl
swaraj <> Hindi
sward <> çim
sward <> çimen
swarded <> çim
swarded <> çim 
swarf <> talaş
swarm <> üşüşm
swarm <> -den
swarm <> arı 
swarm <> cirit
swarm <> dolup
swarm <> kayna
swarm <> kol 
swarm <> kovan
swarm <> oğul
swarm <> sürü
swarm <> sarıl
swarm <> tırma
swarm <> topla
swarm <> yığıl
swarm <> yığın
swarmed <> çevri
swarming <> kaynı
swart <> esmer
swart <> yağız
swart <> yanık
swarthiness <> bronz
swarthiness <> esmer
swarthiness <> yanık
swarthy <> esmer
swarthy <> yağız
swarthy <> yanık
swash <> çalka
swashbuckle <> Swash
swashbuckler <> atıcı
swashbuckler <> farfa
swashbuckler <> kabad
swashbuckler <> kavga
swashbuckler <> palav
swashbucklers <> Swash
swashbuckling <> farfa
swashbuckling <> palav
swastika <> gamal
swastikas <> gamal
swat <> ezmek
swat <> sinek
swat <> vurma
swat <> vuruş
swat <> vurup
swatch <> kumaş
swatch <> parça
swatch <> swatc
swatches <> örnek
swath <> orakl
swath <> tırpa
swathe <> çevre
swathe <> banda
swathe <> biçil
swathe <> kuşak
swathe <> kunda
swathe <> orakl
swathe <> sarıp
swathe <> sargı
swathe <> sarma
swathed <> sarıl
swatted <> ezdiğ
swatter <> sinek
sway <> üzeri
sway <> aklın
sway <> dalga
sway <> eğili
sway <> eğmek
sway <> egeme
sway <> etki
sway <> etkil
sway <> hüküm
sway <> hükme
sway <> idare
sway <> meyil
sway <> salla
sway <> saptı
sway <> sarsı
sway <> tesir
sway <> yönle
swayed <> salla
swaying <> salla
sways <> savur
swear <> ant 
swear <> küfre
swear <> kalay
swear <> lânet
swear <> sövüp
swear <> sövme
swear <> yemin
swearer <> küfür
swearing <> ant 
swearing <> küfür
swearing <> küfre
swearing <> lanet
swearing <> sövüp
swearing <> sövgü
swearing <> yemin
swears <> yemin
swearword <> küfür
swearword <> lanet
swearword <> sövgü
swearwords <> küfür
sweat <> ağır
sweat <> angar
sweat <> az 
sweat <> sömür
sweat <> ter
sweat <> ter 
sweat <> terde
sweat <> terle
sweat <> zor 
sweat <> zorla
sweatband <> şapka
sweated <> üç 
sweated <> az 
sweated <> sömür
sweater <> üç 
sweater <> köle
sweater <> kazak
sweater <> sömür
sweater <> süvet
sweaters <> kazak
sweatiness <> terli
sweating <> karın
sweating <> sömür
sweating <> terle
sweats <> terle
sweatshirt <> kazak
sweatshirt <> sweat
sweatshirts <> tişör
sweatshop <> çalış
sweatshop <> çok 
sweatsuit <> antre
sweatsuit <> eşofm
sweatsuit <> idman
sweatsuits <> EŞOFM
sweaty <> su 
sweaty <> ter 
sweaty <> terle
sweaty <> terli
sweaty <> zorlu
swede <> İsveç
swede <> sarı
swedes <> İsveç
sweeny <> Sween
sweep <> çıkrı
sweep <> önüne
sweep <> üzeri
sweep <> azame
sweep <> baca
sweep <> dönem
sweep <> erim
sweep <> etki
sweep <> ezip
sweep <> geniş
sweep <> hızla
sweep <> hepsi
sweep <> kıvrı
sweep <> kerat
sweep <> mayın
sweep <> ocakç
sweep <> ortad
sweep <> rezil
sweep <> süpür
sweep <> sürük
sweep <> salın
sweep <> sert
sweep <> silip
sweep <> taram
sweep <> taray
sweep <> temiz
sweep <> uzama
sweepback <> geriy
sweeper <> çöpçü
sweeper <> defan
sweeper <> halı
sweeper <> mayın
sweeper <> sokak
sweeper <> stope
sweepers <> süpür
sweeping <> şidde
sweeping <> coşku
sweeping <> ezici
sweeping <> genel
sweeping <> geniş
sweeping <> köklü
sweeping <> nefes
sweeping <> radik
sweeping <> süpür
sweeping <> sert
sweepings <> süprü
sweeps <> çerçö
sweeps <> Piyan
sweeps <> ayakt
sweeps <> dökün
sweeps <> kırın
sweeps <> kırpı
sweeps <> süprü
sweepstake <> çekil
sweepstake <> ikram
sweepstake <> müşte
sweepstake <> piyan
sweepstakes <> çekil
sweepstakes <> müşte
sweepstakes <> piyan
sweet <> şeker
sweet <> şirin
sweet <> ahenk
sweet <> asits
sweet <> cici
sweet <> güzel
sweet <> hoş
sweet <> kükür
sweet <> kolay
sweet <> lezze
sweet <> melod
sweet <> mis 
sweet <> nazik
sweet <> rahat
sweet <> sevim
sweet <> tat
sweet <> tatlı
sweet <> verim
sweet <> yumuş
sweet <> zevk
sweetbread <> özden
sweetbread <> uykul
sweeten <> şeker
sweeten <> tatlı
sweeten <> tatla
sweeten <> yumuş
sweetened <> şeker
sweetener <> sakar
sweetener <> tatla
sweeteners <> tatla
sweetening <> tatla
sweetens <> tatlı
sweeter <> tatlı
sweetest <> tatlı
sweetheart <> şeker
sweetheart <> aşık
sweetheart <> canım
sweetheart <> cicim
sweetheart <> sevgi
sweethearts <> sevgi
sweetie <> şeker
sweetie <> canım
sweetie <> cicim
sweetie <> sevgi
sweetie <> tatlı
sweeties <> şeker
sweeties <> tatlı
sweeting <> tatlı
sweetish <> tatlı
sweetly <> şirin
sweetly <> hoş
sweetly <> hoş 
sweetly <> kibar
sweetly <> nazik
sweetly <> sevim
sweetly <> tatlı
sweetly <> yumuş
sweetmeat <> şeker
sweetmeat <> pasta
sweetmeat <> tatlı
sweetmeats <> şeker
sweetness <> şirin
sweetness <> güzel
sweetness <> hoş 
sweetness <> nazik
sweetness <> nezak
sweetness <> sevim
sweetness <> tatlı
sweetness <> tazel
sweetness <> yumuş
sweets <> şeker
sweetscented <> hoş 
sweetscented <> mis 
sweetscented <> tatlı
sweetshop <> şeker
sweetshop <> pasta
sweetwater <> Sweet
sweety <> şeker
sweety <> canım
sweety <> cicim
sweety <> sevgi
sweety <> tatlı
swell <> ölü 
swell <> şık
swell <> şiş
swell <> şişki
swell <> şişme
swell <> artma
swell <> büyüm
swell <> boşal
swell <> dolma
swell <> güzel
swell <> gurur
swell <> harik
swell <> haval
swell <> iftih
swell <> kabar
swell <> kodam
swell <> koltu
swell <> müthi
swell <> rüzgâ
swell <> tümse
swell <> taşma
swell <> yükse
swell <> yaman
swell <> züppe
swelled <> şişmi
swelled <> büyüm
swelled <> kabar
swellers <> Swell
swelling <> çıban
swelling <> şiş
swelling <> şişir
swelling <> şişki
swelling <> şişli
swelling <> şişme
swelling <> abart
swelling <> kabar
swelling <> yükse
swelling <> yumru
swellings <> şişli
swells <> şişer
swelter <> bunal
swelter <> cehen
swelter <> harar
swelter <> sıcak
swelter <> terle
swelter <> yanma
sweltering <> aşırı
sweltering <> bayıl
sweltering <> bunal
sweltering <> sıcak
sweltry <> aşırı
sweltry <> bayıl
sweltry <> bunal
sweltry <> sıcak
swept <> süpür
swerve <> çelme
swerve <> ödün
swerve <> cayma
swerve <> döndü
swerve <> dönme
swerve <> sapma
swerve <> saptı
swerve <> vazge
swerve <> yolda
swerved <> yolda
swift <> çabuk
swift <> çevik
swift <> ebabi
swift <> eli 
swift <> hızlı
swift <> kara
swift <> sürat
swift <> tez 
swiftly <> çabuc
swiftly <> çabuk
swiftly <> hızla
swiftly <> sürat
swiftness <> çabuk
swiftness <> hız
swiftness <> sürat
swiftness <> tezli
swifts <> Swift
swig <> bir
swig <> bir 
swig <> içme
swig <> içmek
swig <> kafay
swill <> çalka
swill <> çok 
swill <> bol 
swill <> bulaş
swill <> domuz
swill <> durul
swill <> iğren
swill <> kafay
swill <> kalit
swill <> mutfa
swim <> ıslat
swim <> baş 
swim <> dönme
swim <> derin
swim <> dolma
swim <> taşma
swim <> yüzdü
swim <> yüzme
swimmer <> yüzüc
swimmer <> yüzge
swimmer <> yüzme
swimmeret <> yüzge
swimmers <> yüzüc
swimming <> dönen
swimming <> yüzüş
swimming <> yüzüc
swimming <> yüzme
swims <> yüzer
swimsuit <> mayo
swimsuits <> mayol
swimwear <> mayo
swindle <> üçkâğ
swindle <> dalav
swindle <> dolan
swindle <> hile
swindle <> tokat
swindler <> üçkâğ
swindler <> dalav
swindler <> dolan
swindler <> kazık
swindlers <> dolan
swindling <> üçkâğ
swindling <> dolan
swine <> domuz
swineherd <> domuz
swinepox <> domuz
swinepox <> suçiç
swines <> domuz
swing <> çabuk
swing <> çark
swing <> asıla
swing <> asılm
swing <> asmak
swing <> başar
swing <> becer
swing <> dönüş
swing <> döndü
swing <> dönme
swing <> defol
swing <> esnek
swing <> etkil
swing <> fırla
swing <> hızla
swing <> harek
swing <> ipe 
swing <> ritim
swing <> ritm
swing <> salın
swing <> salla
swing <> sapma
swing <> sarkı
swing <> savur
swing <> sende
swing <> sving
swing <> tempo
swing <> yön 
swing <> yalpa
swing <> yayla
swing <> yumru
swingboat <> gondo
swinge <> dövme
swinge <> kırba
swinge <> kamçı
swinge <> vurma
swingeing <> ağır
swingeing <> büyük
swinger <> eşini
swinger <> hızlı
swinger <> hayat
swinger <> savur
swinger <> sving
swinging <> açık
swinging <> canlı
swinging <> değiş
swinging <> eşini
swinging <> etkil
swinging <> harek
swinging <> inip
swinging <> kuvve
swinging <> ritmi
swinging <> salın
swinging <> salla
swingle <> keten
swingle <> tokma
swingletree <> araba
swings <> salın
swinish <> domuz
swinish <> hayva
swinish <> kaba
swink <> Swink
swinney <> Swinn
swipe <> çalma
swipe <> geçir
swipe <> hızla
swipe <> kuvve
swipe <> tokat
swiped <> çalın
swiper <> Swipe
swipes <> ucuz
swirl <> anafo
swirl <> döne
swirl <> fırıl
swirl <> girda
swirl <> karış
swirl <> saç 
swirling <> döne
swirly <> Swirl
swish <> şık
swish <> şıpır
swish <> şakla
swish <> göste
swish <> hışır
swish <> haval
swish <> homos
swish <> ibne
swish <> kırba
swish <> kamçı
swish <> lüks
swish <> sopa
swish <> vınla
swisher <> SWISH
swiss <> İsviç
swiss <> Gravy
switch <> çubuk
switch <> şalte
switch <> dönüş
switch <> dönme
switch <> düğme
switch <> değiş
switch <> elekt
switch <> ince
switch <> makas
switch <> salla
switch <> sopa
switch <> takma
switch <> vurma
switch <> yer 
switchable <> anaht
switchback <> lunap
switchback <> zikza
switchblade <> susta
switchboard <> elekt
switchboard <> telef
switchboards <> panol
switchbox <> kuman
switched <> anaht
switcheroo <> şaşır
switchers <> anaht
switches <> anaht
switchgear <> şalt
switching <> akım
switching <> anaht
switching <> elekt
switching <> makas
switching <> manev
switchings <> kuman
switchman <> makas
switchyard <> manev
switchyards <> şalt
swith <> SWIFT
swivel <> dönen
swivel <> döner
swivel <> fırdö
swivel <> mil 
swiveled <> döndü
swiveling <> döner
swivelled <> döndü
swivelling <> döner
swivels <> döneb
swizzle <> Swizz
swob <> aşağı
swob <> alçak
swob <> bulaş
swob <> ilaçl
swob <> paspa
swob <> temiz
swollen <> şişki
swollen <> şişmi
swollen <> kabar
swoon <> bayıl
swoon <> baygı
swoop <> üstün
swoop <> baskı
swoop <> saldı
swooped <> daldı
swoops <> zemin
swop <> değiş
swop <> karşı
swop <> takas
swop <> tramp
sword <> güç
sword <> kılıç
sword <> pala
sword <> silâh
sword <> yetki
swordfight <> Sword
swordfish <> kılıç
swordman <> Sword
swordplay <> eskri
swordplay <> kılıç
swordplay <> söz 
swords <> kılıç
swordsman <> eskri
swordsman <> iyi 
swordsman <> kılıç
swordsman <> silâh
swordsmanship <> eskri
swordsmanship <> kılıc
swordsmanship <> silâh
swordsmen <> kılıç
swordstick <> kılıç
swordswoman <> kılıç
swordtails <> kılıç
swore <> ezeli
swore <> kan
swore <> yemin
sworn <> yemin
swot <> çok
swot <> çok 
swot <> hafız
swot <> inek
swot <> inekl
swot <> kafa
swots <> GZFT
swum <> yüzeb
swung <> salla
sybarite <> eğlen
sybarite <> hovar
sybarite <> zevk
sybil <> Sybil
sycamine <> karad
sycamore <> çınar
sycamore <> firav
syce <> seyis
sycophancy <> dalka
sycophancy <> yağcı
sycophant <> dalka
sycophantic <> dalka
sycophantic <> yağcı
sye <> SYE
syenite <> siyen
syenites <> siyen
syenitic <> siyen
syke <> Syke
sykes <> Sykes
syllabary <> hece
syllabary <> hecel
syllabi <> iceri
syllabic <> hece
syllabic <> hecel
syllabic <> heces
syllabicate <> hecel
syllabify <> hecel
syllabize <> hecel
syllable <> hece
syllable <> hecel
syllable <> nota
syllable <> sesle
syllabled <> hecel
syllables <> hece
syllabus <> ders
syllabus <> karar
syllabus <> liste
syllabus <> müfre
syllabuses <> müfre
syllepsis <> çift
syllepsis <> çiftl
syllogism <> kıyas
syllogism <> tasım
sylph <> güzel
sylph <> hava
sylph <> ince
sylphish <> ince
sylphish <> narin
sylphish <> zarif
sylphlike <> ince
sylphlike <> narin
sylphlike <> zarif
sylphs <> Sylph
sylphy <> ince
sylphy <> narin
sylphy <> zarif
sylva <> Sylva
sylvan <> ağaçl
sylvan <> orman
sylvaner <> Sylva
sylviculture <> ağaç
sylviculture <> orman
sylvilagus <> Sylvi
sylvine <> Silvi
sylvinite <> silvi
sylvius <> Sylvi
symbiont <> Symbi
symbionts <> simbi
symbiosis <> ortak
symbiosis <> sembi
symbiotic <> ortak
symblepharon <> sembl
symbol <> işare
symbol <> sembo
symbol <> simge
symbolic <> sembo
symbolic <> simge
symbolical <> sembo
symbolical <> simge
symbolically <> sembo
symbolics <> simge
symbolise <> sembo
symbolise <> simge
symbolise <> temsi
symbolised <> sembo
symbolises <> sembo
symbolising <> simge
symbolism <> formü
symbolism <> sembo
symbolism <> simge
symbolist <> sembo
symbolist <> simge
symbolists <> sembo
symbolization <> simge
symbolize <> sembo
symbolize <> simge
symbolize <> temsi
symbolized <> sembo
symbolizes <> sembo
symbolizing <> simge
symbologies <> sembo
symbology <> sembo
symbols <> sembo
symmetral <> bakış
symmetral <> simet
symmetric <> bakış
symmetric <> simet
symmetrical <> bakış
symmetrical <> simet
symmetrically <> simet
symmetries <> simet
symmetrize <> simet
symmetry <> ahenk
symmetry <> bakış
symmetry <> simet
symmetry <> uyum
sympathectomy <> sempa
sympathetic <> aynı
sympathetic <> cana
sympathetic <> diğer
sympathetic <> duygu
sympathetic <> halde
sympathetic <> ortak
sympathetic <> sempa
sympathetic <> ses 
sympathetic <> sevim
sympathetic <> taraf
sympathetically <> sempa
sympathies <> başsa
sympathies <> ilgi
sympathies <> sevgi
sympathies <> taziy
sympathise <> acıma
sympathise <> aynı
sympathise <> başsa
sympathise <> etkil
sympathise <> halde
sympathise <> sempa
sympathise <> taraf
sympathise <> yakın
sympathised <> sempa
sympathiser <> sempa
sympathiser <> taraf
sympathiser <> yanda
sympathisers <> sempa
sympathises <> sempa
sympathising <> sempa
sympathize <> acıma
sympathize <> aynı
sympathize <> başsa
sympathize <> etkil
sympathize <> halde
sympathize <> sempa
sympathize <> taraf
sympathize <> yakın
sympathized <> sempa
sympathizer <> sempa
sympathizer <> taraf
sympathizer <> yanda
sympathizers <> sempa
sympathizes <> sempa
sympathizing <> sempa
sympatholytic <> Sempa
sympathomimetic <> sempa
sympathomimetics <> sempa
sympathy <> acıma
sympathy <> acısı
sympathy <> duygu
sympathy <> halde
sympathy <> ilgi
sympathy <> sempa
sympathy <> sevgi
sympatric <> simpa
symphonia <> Senfo
symphonic <> senfo
symphonies <> senfo
symphonious <> ahenk
symphonious <> uyuml
symphonist <> senfo
symphony <> ahenk
symphony <> harmo
symphony <> senfo
symphony <> uyum
symphytum <> Symph
symplectic <> simpl
sympodium <> Sympo
symposia <> sempo
symposium <> konuy
symposium <> semin
symposium <> sempo
symposiums <> sempo
symptom <> araz
symptom <> belir
symptom <> bulgu
symptom <> işare
symptom <> sempt
symptomatic <> belir
symptomatic <> bulgu
symptomatic <> sempt
symptomatically <> Sempt
symptomatologic <> sempt
symptomatology <> hasta
symptomatology <> sempt
symptomless <> sempt
symptoms <> sempt
synaesthesia <> Synae
synagogue <> havra
synagogue <> sinag
synagogues <> sinag
synantherous <> çok 
synantherous <> birle
synapse <> Sinap
synapses <> sinap
synaptic <> sinap
synaptosomal <> sinap
synaptosomes <> sinap
synaxis <> Synax
sync <> senkr
sync <> ses 
syncarp <> bileş
synced <> senkr
synching <> eşzam
synchro <> senkr
synchroflash <> sinkr
synchromesh <> senkr
synchronal <> Senkr
synchronic <> senkr
synchronically <> eş 
synchronicities <> eşzam
synchronicity <> eşzam
synchronisation <> eşzam
synchronisation <> senkr
synchronisation <> ses 
synchronisations <> eşitl
synchronise <> aynı
synchronise <> eşzam
synchronise <> senkr
synchronised <> senkr
synchronises <> senkr
synchronising <> senkr
synchronism <> eşzam
synchronism <> senkr
synchronism <> tarih
synchronistic <> eşzam
synchronization <> eşzam
synchronization <> senkr
synchronization <> ses 
synchronizations <> eşitl
synchronize <> aynı
synchronize <> eşzam
synchronize <> senkr
synchronized <> senkr
synchronizer <> Synch
synchronizes <> eşitl
synchronizing <> senkr
synchronous <> aynı
synchronous <> eşzam
synchronous <> senkr
synchronously <> senkr
synchrony <> eşzam
synchroscope <> senkr
synchrotron <> senkr
syncing <> senkr
synclinal <> senkl
syncline <> senkl
synclines <> senkl
synclinorium <> senkl
syncom <> Synco
syncopal <> bayıl
syncopal <> baygı
syncopate <> orta
syncopate <> ritmi
syncopate <> senko
syncopated <> aksak
syncopation <> hece
syncopation <> içses
syncopation <> orta
syncopation <> ritmi
syncopation <> senko
syncope <> baygı
syncope <> beyne
syncope <> senko
syncretic <> senkr
syncs <> eşitl
syncytial <> sinsi
syndactyly <> sinda
syndet <> Sente
syndic <> Cenev
syndic <> komit
syndic <> müşav
syndical <> Sendi
syndicalism <> sendi
syndicalist <> sendi
syndicalists <> sendi
syndicate <> şirke
syndicate <> devle
syndicate <> karte
syndicate <> sendi
syndicated <> sendi
syndicates <> sendi
syndication <> sendi
syndication <> yazıy
syndications <> sendi
syndicator <> Sendi
syndrome <> hasta
syndrome <> sendr
syndromes <> sendr
syndromic <> sendr
syne <> -den
synecdoche <> Synec
synechia <> sineş
synechiae <> sineş
syneresis <> siner
synergetic <> siner
synergia <> Syner
synergic <> siner
synergies <> siner
synergise <> syner
synergism <> siner
synergist <> siner
synergistic <> birbi
synergistic <> etkil
synergistic <> karşı
synergistic <> siner
synergistically <> siner
synergists <> siner
synergizing <> siner
synergy <> siner
synesis <> sözdi
synesthesia <> Synes
synetic <> Synet
syngas <> synga
syngeneic <> singe
syngenetic <> sinje
synod <> kavuş
synod <> kilis
synod <> rahip
synonym <> anlam
synonym <> eşanl
synonym <> sinon
synonyme <> Synon
synonymous <> anlam
synonymous <> aynı
synonymous <> eşanl
synonymous <> sinon
synonymously <> eş 
synonyms <> eş
synonymy <> eşanl
synopses <> sinop
synopsis <> özet
synopsis <> ilk 
synoptic <> özet
synoptic <> ilk 
synoptic <> konuy
synovectomy <> sinov
synovia <> eklem
synovia <> sinov
synovial <> sinov
synovitis <> sinov
syntactic <> sözdi
syntactical <> sözdi
syntactically <> sözdi
syntagma <> Synta
syntagmatic <> dizim
syntan <> sinta
syntax <> kanıt
syntax <> sözdi
syntax <> senta
syntaxes <> sözdi
syntaxis <> sözdi
synthase <> senta
synthases <> senta
syntheses <> sente
synthesis <> bireş
synthesis <> sente
synthesise <> sente
synthesised <> sente
synthesiser <> synth
synthesises <> sente
synthesising <> sente
synthesize <> sente
synthesized <> sente
synthesizers <> synth
synthesizes <> sente
synthesizing <> sente
synthetase <> sente
synthetic <> çekim
synthetic <> sente
synthetic <> suni
synthetic <> yapay
synthetical <> çekim
synthetical <> sente
synthetical <> suni
synthetical <> yapay
synthetically <> sente
synthetics <> sente
synthetize <> sente
syntonize <> ayarl
syntonize <> uydur
syntony <> çevre
syntony <> birbi
syntony <> freka
syntony <> rezon
syph <> SYPH
syphilid <> Sifil
syphilis <> freng
syphilis <> sifil
syphilitic <> freng
syphon <> çekme
syphon <> basın
syphon <> sıvı
syphon <> sifon
syphons <> sifon
syracuse <> Syrac
syrah <> Syrah
syren <> Syren
syriacism <> Sürya
syriacs <> Sürya
syringa <> beyaz
syringa <> ful
syringa <> leyla
syringe <> şırın
syringe <> enjek
syringes <> şırın
syringomyelia <> sirin
syrinx <> Östak
syrinx <> fistü
syrinx <> göğüs
syrinx <> panfl
syrup <> şurup
syrup <> aşırı
syrup <> koyu
syrups <> şurup
syrupy <> şurup
syrupy <> aşırı
sysadmins <> Siste
system <> şebek
system <> ağ
system <> düzen
system <> evren
system <> katma
system <> siste
system <> usul
system <> vücut
system <> yönte
system <> yapı
systematic <> düzen
systematic <> siste
systematic <> yönte
systematical <> düzen
systematical <> siste
systematical <> yönte
systematically <> siste
systematics <> siste
systematise <> siste
systematist <> siste
systematization <> siste
systematize <> siste
systematized <> siste
systematizing <> siste
systemic <> siste
systemic <> vücud
systemic <> vücut
systemical <> siste
systemically <> siste
systemics <> Syste
systemised <> siste
systemized <> siste
systemizing <> siste
systems <> siste
systole <> kâlp
systole <> uzun
systolic <> sisto
syzygy <> karşı
syzygy <> kavuş
ta <> ta
ta <> teşek
tab <> çıkın
tab <> şerit
tab <> etike
tab <> flâpa
tab <> sekme
tab <> spole
tab <> uç
tabacco <> tütün
tabanca <> Taban
tabard <> cüppe
tabbed <> sekme
tabbing <> sekme
tabbouleh <> Tabul
tabby <> çizgi
tabby <> acuze
tabby <> geçki
tabby <> hârel
tabby <> harç
tabby <> kız 
tabby <> tekir
taber <> Taber
tabernacle <> çadır
tabernacle <> beden
tabernacle <> muhaf
tabernacle <> ruhun
tabernacle <> sığın
tabernacle <> sinag
tabernacle <> tapın
tabes <> zayıf
tabi <> Tabi
tablature <> duvar
tablature <> kafat
tablature <> kaldı
tablature <> resim
tablature <> tabla
tablatures <> notal
table <> çizel
table <> cetve
table <> ertel
table <> göste
table <> kafat
table <> liste
table <> masa
table <> masad
table <> masay
table <> sofra
table <> sunma
table <> tabla
table <> table
table <> tablo
table <> tartı
tableau <> görül
tableau <> grafi
tableau <> resim
tableau <> tablo
tableaus <> tablo
tablecloth <> masa
tablecloth <> sofra
tablecloths <> masa
tabled <> masay
tableland <> plato
tableland <> yayla
tablelands <> YAYLA
tables <> tablo
tablespoon <> çorba
tablespoon <> servi
tablespoon <> yemek
tablespoonful <> yemek
tablespoons <> yemek
tablet <> hap
tablet <> kalıp
tablet <> kitab
tablet <> levha
tablet <> plaka
tablet <> table
tablet <> yazıt
tableted <> table
tabletop <> Masa
tabletops <> masa
tablets <> table
tabletting <> table
tableware <> sofra
tablewares <> Table
tabling <> tablo
tabloid <> az 
tabloid <> hap
tabloid <> küçük
tabloid <> kısa
tabloid <> sıkış
tabloid <> table
tabloid <> tablo
tabloid <> yassı
tabloids <> Magaz
taboo <> konuş
taboo <> tabu
taboo <> tabul
taboo <> yasak
tabooed <> tabul
taboos <> tabul
tabor <> dümbe
taboret <> kasna
taboret <> tabur
tabouret <> kasna
tabouret <> tabur
tabs <> sekme
tabstops <> tabSt
tabu <> konuş
tabu <> tabu
tabu <> tabul
tabu <> yasak
tabular <> çizel
tabular <> üstü
tabular <> cetve
tabular <> masa
tabular <> tabul
tabular <> yassı
tabulate <> çizel
tabulate <> cetve
tabulated <> tablo
tabulating <> tablo
tabulation <> çizel
tabulation <> liste
tabulation <> rakam
tabulations <> tablo
tabulator <> tabul
tacan <> TACAN
tacans <> TACAN
tace <> TACE
tach <> takom
tachina <> Tachi
tachograph <> kilom
tachograph <> takog
tachographs <> takog
tachometer <> hızöl
tachometer <> takom
tachometers <> takom
tachometric <> Takom
tachyarrhythmia <> taşia
tachyarrhythmias <> taşia
tachycardia <> taşik
tachycardias <> taşik
tachymeter <> takom
tachyon <> Takyo
tachypnea <> takip
tachypnoea <> takip
tacit <> konuş
tacit <> söyle
tacit <> sözsü
tacit <> sessi
tacitly <> zımne
taciturn <> sessi
taciturn <> susku
taciturnity <> sessi
taciturnity <> susku
tack <> çakma
tack <> besin
tack <> birle
tack <> eklem
tack <> geçic
tack <> gemiy
tack <> iri 
tack <> katma
tack <> rüzgâ
tack <> rapti
tack <> teyel
tack <> tuttu
tack <> yönte
tack <> yiyec
tack <> yol
tacker <> zımba
tackers <> Taban
tackiness <> yapış
tacking <> teyel
tackle <> başar
tackle <> becer
tackle <> donan
tackle <> durdu
tackle <> ele 
tackle <> giriş
tackle <> iç 
tackle <> koşum
tackle <> koyul
tackle <> mücad
tackle <> palan
tackle <> takım
tackle <> topu
tackle <> tutma
tackle <> uğraş
tackle <> yakal
tackled <> ele
tackling <> mücad
tacks <> mesel
tacky <> ıslak
tacky <> dökül
tacky <> pejmü
tacky <> yırtı
tacky <> yapış
taconic <> Tacon
taconite <> Tacon
tacs <> TACS
tact <> dokun
tact <> incel
tact <> nabza
tact <> ortam
tactful <> düşün
tactful <> diplo
tactful <> ince
tactful <> nasıl
tactfully <> şerbe
tactic <> takti
tactical <> takti
tactical <> tedbi
tactical <> ustac
tactically <> takti
tactician <> tabiy
tactician <> takti
tacticity <> yönle
tactics <> tabiy
tactics <> takti
tactile <> dokun
tactile <> elle
tactility <> dokun
tactility <> elle
tactless <> düşün
tactless <> kaba
tactless <> patav
tactlessly <> düşün
tactlessly <> patav
tactlessness <> patav
tactual <> dokun
tactual <> elle
tadpole <> iriba
tadpole <> kurba
taed <> TAED
taenia <> tenya
taffeta <> tafta
taffetas <> tafta
taffy <> şeker
taffy <> Galli
taffy <> bonbo
taffy <> iltif
taffy <> yağcı
tag <> ünlü
tag <> ayakk
tag <> bağcı
tag <> birle
tag <> ceza
tag <> elim
tag <> etike
tag <> isiml
tag <> künye
tag <> kırkm
tag <> kafiy
tag <> koval
tag <> meşhu
tag <> püskü
tag <> peşin
tag <> perçe
tag <> saçak
tagetes <> Taget
tagged <> öğesi
tagger <> etike
taggers <> Tagge
tagging <> etike
taggings <> etike
taglines <> sloga
taglioni <> Tagli
tags <> etike
tahas <> TAHAŞ
tahina <> tahin
tahini <> tahin
tahr <> Tahr
tahsildar <> Tahsi
taiga <> tayga
tail <> şartl
tail <> arka
tail <> azalm
tail <> gütme
tail <> izlem
tail <> kıç
tail <> kuyru
tail <> peşin
tail <> sınır
tail <> sapın
tail <> uç
tailback <> araba
tailback <> trafi
tailboard <> arka
tailboard <> bagaj
tailed <> kuyru
tailender <> nal 
tailender <> sonun
tailer <> perak
tailers <> kuyru
tailgate <> çok 
tailgate <> öndek
tailgate <> arka
tailgate <> bagaj
tailgate <> savak
tailing <> sapla
tailing <> taili
tailings <> harma
tailings <> posa
tailings <> tortu
tailless <> kuyru
taillight <> arka
tailor <> adapt
tailor <> dikme
tailor <> terzi
tailor <> uydur
tailor <> yakış
tailored <> özel
tailored <> ısmar
tailoress <> bayan
tailoress <> kadın
tailoring <> terzi
tailormade <> ısmar
tailormade <> münas
tailormade <> terzi
tailormade <> uygun
tailors <> terzi
tailpiece <> keman
tailpiece <> kitap
tailpiece <> son 
tailpipe <> taılp
tailpipes <> egzoz
tails <> frak
tails <> kuyru
tailspin <> döne
tailspin <> hengâ
tailspin <> karga
tailspin <> panik
tailstock <> punta
tailwater <> Kuyru
tains <> tedir
taint <> ahlâk
taint <> bozma
taint <> bozuk
taint <> bozul
taint <> bulaş
taint <> hasta
taint <> iz
taint <> kokuş
taint <> kusur
taint <> leke
taint <> lekel
taint <> yozla
tainted <> kokmu
tainted <> kusur
tainted <> lekel
tainting <> kusur
taintless <> kusur
taintless <> lekes
taintless <> terte
taipan <> dev 
taipan <> yaban
taira <> Taira
tais <> Tais
tait <> Tait
takamaka <> Takam
take <> çıkar
take <> çekme
take <> ölçme
take <> alına
take <> alınt
take <> almak
take <> atlat
take <> avala
take <> dayan
take <> elde
take <> ele 
take <> etkil
take <> etmek
take <> götür
take <> gerek
take <> hasat
take <> hisse
take <> icap
take <> kabul
take <> kapla
take <> karşı
take <> katla
take <> kazan
take <> oltay
take <> pay
take <> reaks
take <> sanma
take <> taham
take <> tedav
take <> tepki
take <> tutma
take <> tutuş
take <> tutul
take <> yakal
take <> yanma
take <> yapma
takeaway <> paket
takedown <> parça
takedown <> sökül
takedown <> sökme
taken <> alına
taken <> tutul
takeoff <> Kalkı
takeoffs <> kalkı
takeout <> paket
takeout <> tasfi
takeover <> devra
takeovers <> Devra
taker <> alıcı
taker <> bahse
taker <> müşte
taker <> topla
takes <> alır
takeup <> topla
taking <> çalka
taking <> çekic
taking <> alış
taking <> alma
taking <> bulaş
taking <> cazip
taking <> ele 
taking <> heyec
taking <> ilgin
taking <> salla
taking <> telaş
takings <> gelir
takings <> hasıl
takings <> kazan
takis <> Takis
taks <> TAKS
taky <> Takı
talaria <> kanat
talas <> Talas
talc <> talk
talcum <> talk
tale <> öykü
tale <> dedik
tale <> efsan
tale <> hikây
tale <> kıssa
tale <> masal
tale <> rivay
tale <> yalan
talebearer <> dedik
talebearing <> dedik
talent <> eski
talent <> kabil
talent <> marif
talent <> yeten
talented <> hüner
talented <> kabil
talented <> marif
talented <> yeten
talentless <> kabil
talentless <> yeten
talents <> yeten
taler <> Taler
tales <> masal
taleteller <> dedik
taleteller <> hikây
taleteller <> masal
taleteller <> yalan
taling <> Talin
talion <> kısas
taliped <> yumru
talipes <> yumru
talipot <> yelpa
talisman <> tılsı
talismanic <> tılsı
talk <> dedik
talk <> görüş
talk <> hoşbe
talk <> konuş
talk <> laf
talk <> söyle
talk <> söz
talk <> sohbe
talk <> tartı
talkathon <> konuş
talkative <> çeneb
talkative <> çenes
talkative <> dilli
talkative <> gevez
talkative <> konuş
talkativeness <> gevez
talkativeness <> konuş
talked <> konuş
talker <> konuş
talkers <> konuş
talkie <> sesli
talkies <> talki
talking <> konuş
talks <> görüş
talky <> gevez
talky <> konuş
tall <> övüne
tall <> abart
tall <> boylu
tall <> uzun
tall <> yükse
tallboy <> konso
tallboy <> yükse
tallboys <> Tallb
taller <> uzun
tallest <> yükse
tallied <> sayım
tallies <> hesap
tallis <> Talli
tallish <> uzunc
tallness <> uzun
tallow <> besiy
tallow <> donya
tallow <> mum 
tallow <> semir
tallow <> yağ
tallow <> yağ 
tallowy <> donya
tallowy <> yağlı
tally <> çenti
tally <> çetel
tally <> etike
tally <> kerti
tally <> sayıl
tally <> sayım
tally <> sayma
tally <> seri
tally <> uymak
tally <> vira
tallying <> Sayım
talmas <> TALMA
talmud <> Yahud
talmudic <> talmu
talocalcaneal <> talok
talon <> kâğıt
talon <> kilit
talon <> pençe
talonavicular <> talon
talons <> pençe
talpa <> Talpa
talus <> aşık
talus <> ayak
talus <> meyil
talus <> yokuş
talweg <> Talwe
tamable <> ehlil
tamable <> evcil
tamale <> Tamal
tamales <> Tamal
tamarack <> şimal
tamarack <> Ameri
tamarin <> pembe
tamarind <> demir
tamarinds <> Demir
tamaris <> Tamar
tamarisk <> ılgın
tambor <> Tambo
tambour <> davul
tambour <> gerge
tambour <> kasna
tambour <> silin
tamboura <> tambu
tambourin <> Tambo
tambourine <> tef
tambourines <> darbu
tambours <> Tambo
tambura <> Tambu
tame <> cesar
tame <> ehli
tame <> ehlil
tame <> ekili
tame <> ekmek
tame <> evcil
tame <> işlem
tame <> tatsı
tame <> uslan
tame <> uslu
tame <> uysal
tame <> yumuş
tameness <> evcil
tameness <> itaat
tameness <> monot
tameness <> söz 
tameness <> uysal
tamer <> hayva
tamers <> Tamer
tamin <> Tamin
taming <> evcil
taming <> uslan
tammie <> Tammi
tammy <> bere
tamoxifen <> tamok
tamp <> çamur
tamp <> bastı
tamper <> karış
tamper <> kurca
tamper <> rüşve
tampered <> tahri
tamperer <> Tampe
tampering <> kurca
tamperproof <> müdah
tampers <> Kasti
tampon <> tıkaç
tampon <> tıkam
tampon <> tıpa
tampon <> tampo
tamponade <> tampo
tamponades <> tampo
tampons <> tampo
tams <> Tams
tan <> bronz
tan <> dövme
tan <> güneş
tan <> kamçı
tan <> meşe
tan <> sepil
tan <> taba
tan <> tabak
tan <> tan
tan <> yanık
tan <> yanma
tanagra <> Tanag
tanas <> Tanas
tanburs <> tanbu
tandem <> art 
tandem <> atlar
tandem <> birbi
tandem <> iki 
tandem <> peşpe
tandem <> tande
tandems <> tande
tandoor <> tandı
tang <> ağızd
tang <> keski
tang <> maden
tang <> prazv
tang <> suyos
tang <> tıngı
tangelo <> Tange
tangency <> Tange
tangent <> tanja
tangent <> teğet
tangential <> tanja
tangential <> teğet
tangential <> yüzey
tangentially <> teğet
tangents <> teğet
tangerine <> manda
tangerines <> manda
tangibility <> dokun
tangibility <> gerçe
tangibility <> somut
tangible <> elle
tangible <> gerçe
tangible <> hisse
tangible <> maddi
tangible <> somut
tangibles <> Maddi
tangibly <> somut
tangier <> Tanca
tanging <> Tangi
tangle <> araps
tangle <> düğüm
tangle <> dolaş
tangle <> içind
tangle <> karış
tangled <> karış
tangles <> yumak
tangling <> karış
tango <> tango
tangor <> Tango
tangos <> tango
tangram <> Tangr
tangs <> Tangs
tangy <> keski
tank <> benzi
tank <> depo
tank <> depoy
tank <> fotoğ
tank <> hapis
tank <> hazne
tank <> sarnı
tank <> su 
tank <> tüp
tank <> tank
tanka <> Tanka
tankage <> depo
tankage <> depon
tankage <> depoy
tankage <> mezba
tankard <> büyük
tankard <> maşra
tanked <> kafay
tanked <> sarho
tanker <> tanke
tankers <> tanke
tankful <> Dolu
tanks <> tankl
tankship <> Tanke
tanna <> Tanna
tannage <> tabak
tanned <> bronz
tanned <> tabak
tanned <> yanık
tanner <> altı
tanner <> sepic
tanner <> tabak
tanneries <> tabak
tanners <> Tanne
tannery <> tabak
tannic <> tanen
tannin <> mazı
tannin <> tanen
tanning <> bronz
tanning <> dövme
tanning <> dayak
tanning <> güneş
tanning <> tabak
tanning <> yanma
tannins <> tanen
tannoy <> TANNO
tansy <> soluc
tantalising <> boşun
tantalising <> göste
tantalisingly <> tanta
tantalite <> tanta
tantalization <> boşun
tantalization <> göste
tantalization <> kuyru
tantalize <> göste
tantalize <> umutl
tantalized <> boşa
tantalizing <> boşun
tantalizing <> göste
tantalum <> tanta
tantalus <> Tanta
tantalus <> kilit
tantamount <> aynı
tantamount <> eşit
tanti <> Tanti
tantivy <> acele
tantivy <> alela
tantivy <> av 
tantivy <> dörtn
tantric <> tantr
tantrum <> öfke
tantrum <> aksil
tantrum <> sinir
tantrums <> huysu
tanzanite <> Tanza
taoiseach <> Taois
taos <> Taos
tap <> çeşme
tap <> bağla
tap <> bar
tap <> fıçı
tap <> fıçıd
tap <> hafif
tap <> kaçak
tap <> muslu
tap <> pıtır
tap <> para
tap <> pençe
tap <> step
tap <> suyun
tap <> tıkır
tap <> tıkla
tap <> tıpa
tap <> vücut
tap <> yat 
tapdance <> Tapda
tape <> şerit
tape <> bant
tape <> bantl
tape <> kased
tape <> kaset
tape <> kayde
tape <> kurde
taped <> bantl
tapeless <> şerit
taper <> ince
taper <> incel
taper <> konik
taper <> lâmba
taper <> sivri
taper <> zayıf
tapered <> gitti
tapered <> konik
tapered <> sivri
tapering <> gitti
tapering <> konik
tapering <> sivri
tapes <> bantl
tapestried <> goble
tapestries <> duvar
tapestry <> duvar
tapestry <> goble
tapeta <> Duvar
tapeworm <> şerit
tapeworm <> tenya
tapioca <> tapyo
tapir <> tapir
tappa <> Tappa
tapped <> dağıl
tappen <> Tappe
tapper <> uzant
tappet <> itici
tappet <> kol
tappet <> maniv
tapping <> dağıl
tapping <> dokun
tapping <> hafif
tapping <> tıkla
tapping <> vida
taproom <> bar
taproom <> meyha
taproot <> Tapro
taps <> muslu
tapu <> Tapu
tar <> deniz
tar <> gemic
tar <> katra
taradiddle <> aptal
taradiddle <> yalan
tarama <> TARAM
tarand <> Taran
tarantara <> boru
tarantula <> taran
tarantula <> zehir
taraxacum <> karah
tarballs <> tar
tarboosh <> fes
tardiness <> geç 
tardiness <> gecik
tardiness <> rötar
tardiness <> yavaş
tardive <> tardi
tardy <> geç
tardy <> geç 
tardy <> gecik
tardy <> yavaş
tare <> burça
tare <> dara
tare <> daras
targe <> küçük
target <> amaç
target <> hedef
target <> nişan
targetable <> hedef
targeted <> hedef
targeting <> hedef
targets <> hedef
tariff <> fiyat
tariff <> gümrü
tariff <> tarif
tariff <> vergi
tariffed <> tarif
tariffing <> Tarif
tariffs <> tarif
tarin <> Tarık
taring <> dara
tarmac <> asfal
tarmac <> pist
tarn <> dağ
tarn <> dağ 
tarnation <> Tarna
tarnish <> donuk
tarnish <> karar
tarnish <> kir
tarnish <> kirle
tarnish <> leke
tarnish <> lekel
tarnish <> matla
tarnished <> lekel
tarnishing <> karar
taros <> Taros
tarot <> tarot
tarp <> katra
tarp <> muşam
tarp <> tente
tarpan <> tarpa
tarpan <> yaban
tarpaulin <> katra
tarpaulin <> muşam
tarpaulin <> tente
tarpaulins <> brand
tarpon <> Tarpo
tarradiddle <> aptal
tarradiddle <> yalan
tarragon <> tarhu
tarred <> Katra
tarry <> bekle
tarry <> kalma
tarry <> katra
tarry <> oyala
tars <> katra
tarsal <> ayak
tarsal <> gözka
tarsia <> kakma
tarsier <> Tarsi
tarsis <> Tarsi
tarsus <> ayak
tarsus <> böcek
tarsus <> gözka
tarsus <> kuş 
tart <> aksi
tart <> ekşi
tart <> kötü
tart <> keski
tart <> mayho
tart <> sert
tart <> sokak
tart <> tart
tart <> turta
tartan <> ekose
tartan <> tarta
tartan <> tek 
tartan <> yapay
tartane <> TARTA
tartar <> çetin
tartar <> şarap
tartar <> Tatar
tartar <> düzen
tartar <> tarta
tartare <> tarta
tartaric <> tarta
tartars <> Tatar
tartary <> Tatar
tarter <> Tarte
tartish <> mayho
tartness <> ekşil
tartness <> keski
tartness <> mayho
tartness <> sertl
tartness <> tersl
tartrate <> tarta
tartrazine <> tartr
tartuffe <> Tartu
tasar <> Tasar
tasco <> TASCO
taser <> Taser
task <> çalış
task <> ödev
task <> angar
task <> görev
task <> iş
task <> iş 
task <> külfe
task <> suçla
task <> yorma
taskbar <> görev
taskbars <> görev
tasked <> görev
tasker <> Taske
tasking <> görev
taskmaster <> şef
taskmaster <> başka
taskmaster <> işver
tasks <> görev
taskwork <> ağır
taskwork <> götür
tass <> TASS
tasse <> Tasse
tassel <> püskü
tasseled <> püskü
tassels <> püskü
tassie <> Tassi
taste <> çeşni
taste <> beğen
taste <> lezze
taste <> tadı
taste <> tadım
taste <> tadın
taste <> tad
taste <> tat
taste <> tatma
taste <> yaşam
taste <> zevk
tasted <> tadı
tasteful <> lezze
tasteful <> zevkl
tastefully <> zevkl
tastefulness <> Lezze
tasteless <> lezze
tasteless <> tat 
tasteless <> tatsı
tasteless <> yavan
tasteless <> zevks
tastelessness <> tatsı
tastelessness <> zevks
taster <> çeşni
taster <> tatma
tasters <> tadıc
tastes <> tatla
tastier <> lezze
tastiest <> lezze
tastiness <> lezze
tastiness <> zevkl
tasting <> tatma
tastings <> tattı
tasty <> lezze
tasty <> tadı
tasty <> zevkl
tatar <> Tatar
tatars <> Tatar
tater <> patat
tath <> öteki
tath <> şu
tath <> böyle
tath <> bu 
tath <> diye
tath <> için
tath <> ki
tath <> o
tath <> o 
tatin <> Tatin
tatler <> Tatle
tatou <> Tatou
tatt <> TATT
tatter <> çaput
tatter <> paçav
tattered <> üstü
tattered <> param
tattered <> yırtı
tatters <> paçav
tattersall <> Tatte
tatting <> düğüm
tattle <> ağzın
tattle <> boşbo
tattle <> dedik
tattle <> gevez
tattler <> boşbo
tattler <> dedik
tattoo <> asker
tattoo <> dövme
tattoo <> koğuş
tattoo <> parma
tattoo <> tramp
tattooed <> dövme
tattooing <> dövme
tattooist <> Dövme
tattoos <> dövme
tatts <> Tatts
tatty <> eski
tatty <> serin
tatty <> yırtı
taube <> Taube
taught <> öğret
taunt <> alay
taunt <> başın
taunt <> başa
taunt <> yüzün
taunt <> yüze
taunted <> alay
taunting <> alay
taunting <> başa
taunts <> sataş
taupe <> boz 
taupe <> köste
taur <> Taur
taurean <> Taure
taurine <> boğa
taus <> Taus
taut <> gergi
taut <> geril
tauten <> geril
tauten <> germe
tauten <> kasma
tauter <> gergi
tautologic <> gerek
tautological <> gerek
tautologize <> gerek
tautology <> gerek
tautomerism <> Tauto
tav <> TAV
tavas <> Tavas
tavern <> bar
tavern <> meyha
tavern <> taver
tavernas <> taver
taverner <> Taver
taverns <> taver
tavers <> TAVER
taw <> bilye
taw <> miske
taw <> postu
taw <> tuz 
tawdriness <> bayağ
tawdriness <> zevks
tawdry <> bayağ
tawdry <> zevks
tawed <> tuz
tawed <> tuz 
tawny <> esmer
tawny <> sarım
taws <> kırba
tawse <> kırba
tax <> harç
tax <> haraç
tax <> külfe
tax <> mahke
tax <> resim
tax <> suçla
tax <> vergi
tax <> yük
tax <> yük 
tax <> yorma
taxa <> takso
taxable <> vergi
taxation <> mahke
taxation <> vergi
taxational <> vergi
taxed <> vergi
taxes <> vergi
taxi <> taksi
taxi <> yere
taxicab <> taksi
taxicabs <> Taksi
taxidermal <> post
taxidermic <> post
taxidermist <> post
taxidermy <> hayva
taxidermy <> tahni
taxidriver <> Taxid
taxies <> taksi
taxiing <> ilerl
taximan <> taksi
taximeter <> taksi
taximeters <> taksi
taxing <> vergi
taxiplane <> kiral
taxis <> taksi
taxiway <> hızla
taxiways <> taksi
taxol <> takso
taxon <> takso
taxonomic <> takso
taxonomical <> takso
taxonomically <> takso
taxonomies <> takso
taxonomist <> takso
taxonomists <> takso
taxonomy <> takso
taxons <> takso
taxpayer <> vergi
taxpayers <> mükel
taxus <> Taxus
tayra <> Tayra
tazza <> Tazza
tea <> çay
tea <> esrar
teach <> öğret
teach <> ders
teach <> eğitm
teach <> göste
teach <> okutm
teachable <> öğren
teachable <> öğret
teached <> öğret
teacher <> öğret
teacher <> hoca
teachers <> öğret
teaches <> öğret
teacheth <> öğret
teaching <> öğret
teaching <> ders
teachings <> öğret
teacup <> çay
teacup <> çay 
teacups <> çay
teague <> Teagu
teahouse <> çay 
teahouse <> çayev
teak <> Hint
teak <> tik
teak <> tik 
teal <> çamur
teal <> tatlı
team <> ekip
team <> koşma
team <> koşum
team <> kuş 
team <> takım
team <> tim
teamed <> takım
teaming <> grupl
teammate <> takım
teammates <> takım
teams <> takım
teamster <> kamyo
teamster <> yük 
teamsters <> araba
teamwork <> ekip
teamwork <> takım
teamworks <> Takım
teapot <> demli
teapots <> çayda
tear <> camda
tear <> fırla
tear <> gözya
tear <> hırpa
tear <> hızla
tear <> kopar
tear <> kopma
tear <> paral
tear <> yırtı
tear <> yırtm
tear <> yarık
tear <> yarıl
tear <> yarma
tear <> yolma
tearaway <> Teara
teardrop <> gözya
teardrops <> gözya
tearful <> üzgün
tearful <> ağlam
tearful <> ağlay
tearful <> acıkl
tearful <> dertl
tearful <> gözü
tearfulness <> ağlam
teargas <> göz
tearing <> çılgı
tearing <> kocam
tearing <> müthi
tearjerker <> acıkl
tearoom <> çay
tearoom <> çay 
tearoom <> çayev
tears <> gözya
tearstained <> Tears
teary <> Teary
teas <> çayla
tease <> baş 
tease <> ditme
tease <> kızdı
tease <> kabar
tease <> sataş
tease <> takıl
teased <> alay
teasel <> kumaş
teasel <> tarak
teasel <> taram
teaser <> kızdı
teaser <> muzip
teaser <> takıl
teaser <> tease
teasers <> tease
teases <> kızdı
teasing <> alay
teasing <> muzip
teasing <> takıl
teaspoon <> çay
teaspoon <> çay 
teaspoon <> tatlı
teaspoonful <> çay
teaspoonfuls <> çay
teaspoons <> çay
teat <> emzik
teat <> meme
teatime <> çay
teats <> emzik
teazel <> kumaş
teazel <> tarak
teazle <> kumaş
teazle <> tarak
teched <> TechE
techie <> tekni
techies <> Merak
technetium <> Tekne
technic <> kural
technic <> tekni
technic <> tekno
technic <> teori
technic <> uygul
technic <> yönte
technic <> yasal
technical <> kural
technical <> tekni
technical <> teori
technical <> yasal
technicalities <> tekni
technicality <> tekni
technically <> tekni
technicals <> TEKNİ
technician <> tekni
technician <> uzman
technicians <> tekni
technicolour <> tekni
technics <> tekni
technics <> uygul
technics <> yönte
technique <> tekni
technique <> usul
technique <> yönte
techniques <> tekni
technocracy <> tekno
technocrat <> tekno
technocratic <> tekno
technocrats <> tekno
technologic <> tekno
technological <> tekno
technologically <> tekno
technologies <> tekno
technologist <> tekno
technologists <> tekno
technology <> tekno
technology <> uygul
technophobia <> tekno
technophobic <> tekno
technopole <> Techn
technopolis <> Tekno
technos <> Techn
technosphere <> tekno
techy <> çabuk
techy <> alıng
techy <> asabi
teckel <> Tecke
tectogenesis <> tekto
tectology <> doku
tectonic <> tekto
tectonic <> yapıs
tectonically <> tekto
tectonics <> inşaa
tectonics <> tekto
tectonics <> yapı
tectonism <> tekto
tectonophysics <> Tecto
tectorial <> örtü
ted <> otlar
ted <> ted
tedder <> otlar
tedeschi <> Tedes
tedesco <> Tedes
tedious <> bıktı
tedious <> can 
tedious <> sıkıc
tedium <> bıkkı
tedium <> bezgi
tedium <> can 
tedium <> sıkın
tee <> golf
tee <> t 
tee <> tee
teed <> durma
teem <> barda
teem <> boşal
teem <> bol 
teem <> dökül
teem <> dökme
teem <> dolu
teem <> hamil
teem <> kayna
teem <> meyve
teem <> yavru
teemed <> dolup
teeming <> iç
teen <> delik
teen <> genç
teen <> gençl
teenager <> delik
teenager <> genç
teenagers <> gençl
teeners <> Teene
teens <> gençl
teens <> yeniy
teeny <> delik
teeny <> genç
teeny <> minic
teeny <> minik
teeny <> ufacı
teer <> Teer
tees <> tee
teeter <> bocal
teeter <> salla
teeter <> sende
teeth <> dişle
teethe <> diş
teethe <> diş 
teethed <> dişli
teether <> Diş
teething <> diş
teething <> diş 
teetotal <> içki
teetotal <> yeşil
teetotaler <> içki
teetotaler <> yeşil
teetotalism <> içki
teetotalism <> içkiy
teetotaller <> içki
teetotaller <> yeşil
teetotum <> fırdö
teetotum <> topaç
teg <> iki
teg <> iki 
tegg <> iki 
tegmentum <> tegme
tegula <> Tegul
tegular <> tuğla
tegument <> tohum
tegument <> zar
tehee <> küçüm
tehee <> kıs
tehee <> kıs 
tektronix <> Tektr
tela <> ağsı
telamon <> heyke
telamones <> Telam
telangiectases <> telan
telangiectasia <> telen
telangiectasias <> telen
telangiectasis <> telan
telangiectatic <> telan
telary <> ağ 
telary <> ağa 
telary <> ağsı
telco <> telek
tele <> Tele
telecamera <> telek
telecamera <> uzakt
telecast <> telev
telecast <> yayın
telecine <> teles
telecines <> teles
telecom <> telek
telecommunication <> telek
telecommunications <> telek
telecommute <> evden
telecommuters <> evden
telecoms <> telek
teleconference <> telek
teleconferences <> telek
teleconferencing <> telek
telecontrol <> telek
teleconverters <> telek
telecourse <> telev
telefacsimile <> telef
telefax <> telef
telefilm <> telev
telefilms <> telev
telegenic <> telej
telegenic <> telev
telegram <> telgr
telegrams <> telgr
telegraph <> belli
telegraph <> ima 
telegraph <> isim
telegraph <> panod
telegraph <> telgr
telegraphed <> telgr
telegrapher <> telgr
telegraphese <> telgr
telegraphic <> kısa
telegraphic <> telgr
telegraphist <> telgr
telegraphs <> telgr
telegraphy <> telgr
telekinesis <> telek
telekinetic <> telek
telemark <> Telem
telemarketing <> Telem
telematic <> telem
telematics <> telem
telemedia <> Telem
telemedicine <> Telet
telemen <> Telem
telemeter <> telem
telemeter <> uzakt
telemetric <> telem
telemetry <> telem
telencephalon <> Telen
teleologic <> erekb
teleologic <> teleo
teleological <> erekb
teleological <> teleo
teleology <> erekb
teleology <> teleo
teleoperator <> tele
telepath <> Telep
telepathic <> telep
telepathically <> telep
telepathy <> telep
telepathy <> uzadu
telepherique <> Telep
telephone <> telef
telephoned <> telef
telephones <> telef
telephonic <> telef
telephonically <> telef
telephoning <> telef
telephonist <> santr
telephonist <> telef
telephony <> santr
telephony <> telef
telephoto <> telef
telephotography <> telef
teleplay <> telev
teleportation <> ışınl
telepresence <> TeleP
teleprinter <> telem
teleprocessing <> uzişl
teleprompter <> akıl
teles <> TELES
telescope <> dürbü
telescope <> iç 
telescope <> teles
telescoped <> iç
telescopes <> teles
telescopic <> iç 
telescopic <> teles
telescoping <> teles
telescreen <> ekran
telescreen <> telev
teleservices <> teles
teleses <> Teles
teleshopping <> Teles
telesis <> Teles
telesystem <> TELES
telesystems <> Teles
teletex <> telet
teletext <> telet
teletherapy <> telet
telethon <> Telet
teletypewriter <> telem
teleview <> telev
televiewer <> izley
televiewer <> seyir
televise <> telev
televise <> yayın
televised <> telev
television <> telev
televisions <> telev
televisor <> seyir
televisor <> telev
televisual <> telev
teleworker <> Uzakt
teleworkers <> tele
teleworking <> tele-
telex <> telek
telfer <> Telfe
telford <> Telfo
telia <> Telia
telic <> bitmi
tell <> açığa
tell <> anlat
tell <> ayırt
tell <> bildi
tell <> demek
tell <> emret
tell <> haber
tell <> söyle
teller <> anlat
teller <> banka
teller <> söyle
teller <> vezne
tellers <> anlat
tellin <> söylü
telling <> belli
telling <> etkil
telling <> söyle
telling <> tesir
tells <> söyle
telltale <> dedik
telltale <> işe 
telltale <> ispiy
telltale <> sırrı
telltale <> sahte
telltale <> sayaç
telltale <> yalan
tellural <> yerkü
tellural <> yerse
tellurate <> tellü
tellurian <> yerkü
tellurian <> yerse
telluric <> tellü
telluride <> tellü
tellurite <> Tellü
tellurium <> tellü
tellus <> TELLU
telly <> telev
telnetting <> telne
telomere <> telom
telomeres <> telom
telophase <> telof
telos <> Telos
telpher <> telef
telpherage <> telef
telphers <> telef
telpherway <> telef
tels <> telle
telson <> telzo
temenos <> Temen
temerity <> cüret
temerity <> küsta
temerity <> korku
temp <> geçic
temp <> temp
tempeh <> Tempe
temper <> çeliğ
temper <> öfke
temper <> akort
temper <> huy
temper <> huysu
temper <> kıvam
temper <> keyif
temper <> ruh 
temper <> sertl
temper <> sinir
temper <> tav
tempera <> tempe
tempera <> zamkl
temperament <> akort
temperament <> coşku
temperament <> huy
temperament <> mizaç
temperament <> yarad
temperamental <> huy 
temperamental <> maymu
temperamental <> sağı
temperamental <> saati
temperamental <> yarad
temperamentally <> mizaç
temperaments <> mizaç
temperance <> ölçül
temperance <> ılıml
temperance <> alkol
temperance <> içki
temperate <> ölçül
temperate <> ılıma
temperate <> ılıml
temperate <> alkol
temperate <> ihtiy
temperateness <> ölçül
temperateness <> ılıma
temperateness <> ılıml
temperateness <> aşırı
temperateness <> içki
temperateness <> perhi
temperature <> ateş
temperature <> harar
temperature <> sıcak
temperatures <> sıcak
tempered <> tempe
tempering <> tempe
tempers <> öfke
tempest <> şidde
tempest <> bora
tempest <> fırtı
tempest <> karga
tempested <> fırtı
tempestuous <> çalka
tempestuous <> şidde
tempestuous <> fırtı
tempi <> Tempi
templar <> Kudüs
templar <> Templ
templar <> templ
templars <> Tapın
template <> şablo
template <> kalıp
templates <> şablo
temple <> şakak
temple <> ibade
temple <> kumaş
temple <> mabet
temple <> sinag
temple <> tapın
temples <> tapın
templet <> şablo
templet <> kalıp
templets <> Şablo
tempo <> tempo
temporal <> şakak
temporal <> dünye
temporal <> geçic
temporal <> maddi
temporal <> zaman
temporalis <> tempo
temporality <> geçic
temporally <> zaman
temporarily <> şimdi
temporarily <> geçic
temporariness <> geçic
temporary <> eğret
temporary <> geçic
temporization <> tempo
temporize <> ayak
temporize <> oyala
temporize <> uygun
temporize <> zaman
temporizing <> fırsa
temporizing <> uygun
temporizing <> zaman
tempt <> özend
tempt <> ayart
tempt <> başta
tempt <> kışkı
tempt <> meyda
temptation <> şeyta
temptation <> ayart
temptation <> günah
temptations <> Tempt
tempted <> cazip
tempter <> başta
tempting <> çekic
tempting <> ayart
tempting <> başta
tempting <> cazip
temptress <> başta
tems <> dardı
temse <> Temse
ten <> on
ten <> onlu
ten <> onluk
tenable <> savun
tenable <> tutul
tenacious <> inatç
tenacious <> kuvve
tenacious <> sıkı
tenacious <> vazge
tenacious <> yapış
tenaciously <> inatl
tenacity <> azim
tenacity <> inat
tenacity <> sıkı
tenacity <> yapış
tenancies <> kirac
tenancy <> kira
tenancy <> kirac
tenancy <> kulla
tenant <> kirac
tenant <> kiral
tenant <> malik
tenant <> oturm
tenant <> sakin
tenantable <> kiral
tenantable <> oturu
tenantless <> boş
tenantless <> kirac
tenantless <> oturu
tenantry <> kirac
tenants <> kirac
tench <> kiliz
tend <> çalma
tend <> bakma
tend <> eğili
tend <> gözet
tend <> hizme
tend <> yönel
tend <> yüz 
tend <> yatkı
tended <> eğili
tendence <> Tende
tendencies <> eğili
tendency <> çalma
tendency <> eğili
tendency <> meyil
tendency <> yüz 
tendentious <> amacı
tendentious <> taraf
tendentiousness <> taraf
tender <> öneri
tender <> şefkâ
tender <> alıng
tender <> arzet
tender <> bakıc
tender <> bakan
tender <> duyar
tender <> etmek
tender <> gevre
tender <> hassa
tender <> keşif
tender <> müşfi
tender <> mülay
tender <> nazik
tender <> sevec
tender <> sunma
tender <> taze
tender <> tediy
tender <> tekli
tender <> tende
tender <> verme
tender <> yolcu
tender <> yumuş
tendered <> ihale
tenderer <> İstek
tenderers <> istek
tenderest <> körpe
tenderfoot <> acemi
tenderfoot <> muhal
tenderfoot <> toy
tenderhearted <> şefkâ
tenderhearted <> merha
tenderhearted <> yufka
tendering <> ihale
tenderloin <> bonfi
tenderloin <> domuz
tenderloin <> sığır
tenderly <> şefka
tenderness <> şefkâ
tenderness <> hassa
tenderness <> narin
tenderness <> sevec
tenders <> ihale
tending <> eğili
tendinitis <> tendi
tendinous <> kiriş
tendon <> kiriş
tendon <> tendo
tendonitis <> tendi
tendons <> tendo
tendovaginitis <> kiriş
tendre <> Tendr
tendresse <> Tendr
tendril <> bıyık
tendril <> filiz
tendril <> sarıl
tendrils <> Dalla
tends <> eğili
tene <> Tene
tenebrionidae <> Teneb
tenebrous <> karan
tenebrous <> kasve
tenebrous <> koyu
tenement <> kiral
tenement <> mülk
tenes <> Tenes
tenesmus <> idrar
tenesmus <> sürek
tenet <> öğret
tenet <> doktr
tenet <> ilke
tenet <> inanç
tenets <> ilkel
tenfold <> on
tenfold <> on 
tenga <> Tenga
tennantite <> tenna
tennantites <> tenna
tenne <> Tenne
tenner <> on 
tenner <> onluk
tennis <> tenis
tennist <> Tenis
tenon <> geçme
tenon <> zıvan
tenor <> akış
tenor <> anlam
tenor <> asıl
tenor <> aslın
tenor <> eğili
tenor <> en 
tenor <> gidiş
tenor <> tenor
tenor <> vade
tenors <> tenor
tenosynovitis <> tenos
tenotomy <> tenot
tenpin <> bovli
tenpin <> kiy 
tenpin <> on 
tens <> onlar
tense <> gergi
tense <> geril
tense <> germe
tense <> kip
tense <> zaman
tensed <> geril
tenseness <> gergi
tenses <> zaman
tensible <> geril
tensile <> geril
tensimeter <> gaz 
tensimeter <> tensi
tensing <> geril
tensiometer <> geril
tensiometer <> tensi
tensiometers <> tansi
tension <> gergi
tension <> geril
tension <> germe
tension <> heyec
tensional <> geril
tensioned <> geril
tensioner <> gergi
tensioners <> gergi
tensioning <> germe
tensions <> geril
tensor <> dansö
tensor <> geren
tensor <> gerey
tensor <> tensö
tensors <> tensö
tent <> çadır
tent <> cerra
tent <> yara
tentacle <> dokun
tentacle <> ercik
tentacled <> dokun
tentacular <> dokun
tentation <> payı
tentative <> belli
tentative <> denem
tentative <> deney
tentative <> geçic
tentative <> tecrü
tentative <> tered
tentatively <> denem
tentatively <> geçic
tented <> çadır
tenter <> gerge
tenter <> gergi
tenterhook <> gerge
tenterhook <> gergi
tenterhooks <> diken
tenth <> onda
tenth <> onunc
tenthly <> onunc
tenths <> onda
tentions <> tartı
tentpoles <> çadır
tents <> çadır
tenuis <> sürek
tenuous <> hafif
tenuous <> ince
tenuous <> incec
tenuous <> seyre
tenure <> görev
tenure <> kira
tenure <> kulla
tenure <> tasar
tenures <> görev
tepa <> Tepa
tepee <> kızıl
tephra <> tefra
tephrite <> tefri
tepid <> ılık
tepid <> harek
tepidity <> ılıkl
tepidness <> ılıkl
tequila <> tekil
terabyte <> terab
terabytes <> terab
teraflops <> teraf
terahertz <> Terah
terai <> Terai
teration <> mahke
teratogen <> terat
teratogenic <> terat
teratogenicity <> terat
teratogens <> terat
teratoma <> terat
teratomas <> terat
terawatts <> teraw
terbium <> terbi
tercel <> doğan
tercel <> erkek
tercentenary <> üç 
tercentennial <> üç 
tercet <> üç
tercet <> üç 
terebinth <> sakız
terebinth <> terem
teredo <> gemi
teredo <> iskel
terek <> Terek
terephthalate <> teref
terephthalates <> teref
terephthalic <> teref
terephthaloyl <> teref
terete <> düz
terete <> düz 
tergal <> arkay
tergiversate <> din 
tergiversate <> kaçam
tergiversate <> parti
tergiversation <> dönek
tergiversation <> din 
tergiversation <> kaçam
tergiversation <> lâfı
terin <> Terin
term <> adet
term <> adlan
term <> dönem
term <> demek
term <> devre
term <> doğum
term <> ifade
term <> isim
term <> koşul
term <> regl
term <> söz
term <> süre
term <> sınır
term <> terim
terma <> Terma
termagant <> şirre
termagant <> cadı
termagant <> cadal
termas <> Terma
termed <> olara
termes <> Terme
terminable <> sınır
terminable <> vades
terminal <> ölümc
terminal <> dönem
terminal <> dalın
terminal <> gar
terminal <> kutup
terminal <> son
terminal <> son 
terminal <> sonek
terminal <> termi
terminal <> uç
terminally <> ölümc
terminally <> dönem
terminally <> son 
terminally <> vadel
terminals <> termi
terminate <> bitir
terminate <> bitme
terminate <> feshe
terminate <> sınır
terminate <> son 
terminate <> sona
terminated <> sonla
terminates <> sonla
terminating <> sonla
termination <> çekim
termination <> bitiş
termination <> iptal
termination <> sınır
termination <> son
termination <> son 
termination <> sonek
terminations <> sonla
terminator <> Termi
terminators <> sonla
termine <> Termi
termined <> edile
termini <> Termi
terminological <> termi
terminologies <> termi
terminology <> terim
terminology <> termi
terminus <> amaç
terminus <> erek
terminus <> gar
terminus <> hedef
terminus <> son
terminus <> son 
termite <> beyaz
termite <> divik
termite <> termi
termites <> termi
termly <> dönem
terms <> ücret
terms <> şartl
terms <> fiyat
terms <> koşul
terms <> samim
terms <> terim
terms <> yakın
termtime <> dönem
termtime <> sömes
tern <> üç 
tern <> üçlü
tern <> deniz
ternal <> dahil
ternary <> üç 
ternary <> üçerl
ternary <> üçlü
ternate <> üç 
ternate <> üçerl
ternate <> üçlü
terne <> çinko
terned <> kapla
ternes <> Terne
terpene <> terpe
terpenes <> terpe
terpenic <> terpe
terphenyls <> terfe
terpineol <> terpi
terpolymer <> terpo
terpolymers <> terpo
terpsichore <> Terps
terra <> terra
terra <> yerkü
terra <> yeryü
terrace <> balko
terrace <> sıral
terrace <> seki
terrace <> set 
terrace <> taraç
terrace <> teras
terrace <> tribü
terrace <> yükse
terraced <> sekil
terraced <> taraç
terraced <> teras
terraces <> teras
terracing <> teras
terracotta <> pişmi
terracottas <> terra
terrain <> arazi
terrain <> yer
terrains <> arazi
terramara <> gübre
terrane <> Terra
terraneous <> topra
terraneous <> yer
terranes <> zonla
terrapin <> tatlı
terrarium <> terra
terrariums <> terra
terras <> Terra
terrazzo <> çimen
terrel <> Terre
terrene <> dünya
terrene <> topra
terrestre <> Terre
terrestrial <> dünya
terrestrial <> karas
terrestrial <> yeryü
terrestrially <> karas
terrestrials <> uzayl
terrible <> çok 
terrible <> berba
terrible <> korku
terrible <> müthi
terribleness <> çok 
terribleness <> berba
terribleness <> korku
terribles <> Terri
terribly <> aşırı
terribly <> berba
terribly <> son
terribly <> son 
terrier <> emlâk
terrier <> gönül
terrier <> terri
terriers <> teriy
terrific <> çok 
terrific <> korku
terrific <> müthi
terrific <> olağa
terrifically <> müthi
terrified <> çok
terrified <> çok 
terrified <> dehşe
terrified <> korkm
terrifies <> korku
terrify <> çok 
terrify <> ödünü
terrify <> dehşe
terrifying <> çok 
terrifying <> dehşe
terrifying <> korku
terrigenous <> topra
terrine <> terin
territorial <> ülkes
territorial <> bölge
territorial <> gönül
territorial <> kara
territorial <> karad
territorial <> yerel
territoriality <> Ülkes
territorially <> bölge
territorials <> gönül
territories <> bölge
territory <> ülke
territory <> arazi
territory <> bölge
territory <> topra
territory <> yarı
terror <> dehşe
terror <> korku
terror <> terör
terror <> yaram
terrorisation <> terör
terrorise <> dehşe
terrorise <> korku
terrorised <> terör
terrorising <> terör
terrorism <> terör
terrorist <> terör
terroristic <> terör
terrorists <> Terör
terrorization <> korku
terrorization <> yıldı
terrorize <> dehşe
terrorize <> korku
terrorized <> terör
terrorizer <> Terro
terrorizes <> terör
terrorizing <> terör
terrors <> terör
terry <> havlu
terry <> kesil
terry <> terry
terse <> özlü
terse <> kısa
terse <> veciz
terseness <> özlül
terseness <> kısa
tertian <> üç
tertian <> üç 
tertiary <> üçünc
tertius <> Terti
terzetto <> üçlü
teschenite <> teşen
teschenites <> teşen
tesselation <> Mozai
tesselations <> süsle
tessella <> Tesse
tessellate <> mozai
tessellated <> mozai
tessellation <> mozai
tessera <> mozai
tesseract <> Tesse
tesserae <> tesse
tessitura <> TESSI
test <> ölçü
test <> anali
test <> denem
test <> denet
test <> deney
test <> kontr
test <> krite
test <> maden
test <> miyar
test <> sınam
test <> sınav
test <> sert
test <> tahli
test <> test
test <> yokla
testability <> test
testable <> test
testacean <> kabuk
testaceous <> kabuk
testaceous <> kirem
testament <> ahit
testament <> inanç
testament <> vasiy
testamentary <> vasiy
testaments <> vasiy
testate <> vasiy
testator <> vasiy
testatrix <> vasiy
testcross <> yokla
testcrosses <> yokla
tested <> denen
tested <> test
tester <> denem
tester <> deney
tester <> gölge
tester <> tente
tester <> test
testers <> test
testes <> erbez
testes <> hayal
testes <> taşak
testes <> testi
testicle <> erbez
testicle <> haya
testicle <> taşak
testicle <> testi
testicles <> hayal
testicles <> taşak
testicles <> testi
testicular <> Testi
testicular <> erbez
testicular <> testi
testification <> şahad
testification <> doğru
testification <> teyit
testified <> ifade
testifies <> ifade
testify <> şahit
testify <> doğru
testify <> ifade
testify <> tanık
testifying <> tanık
testily <> aksic
testily <> haşin
testily <> ters
testimonial <> başar
testimonial <> bonse
testimonial <> takdi
testimonials <> refer
testimonies <> ifade
testimony <> şahad
testimony <> şahit
testimony <> ifade
testimony <> tanık
testimony <> vahiy
testiness <> aksil
testiness <> alıng
testiness <> asabi
testing <> denem
testing <> test
testings <> testl
testis <> erbez
testis <> haya
testis <> taşak
testis <> testi
testosterone <> testo
tests <> testl
testudinata <> Testu
testudo <> Testu
testy <> aksi
testy <> alıng
testy <> asabi
testy <> sinir
tetanic <> tetan
tetanus <> tetan
tetany <> tetan
tetchy <> alıng
tetchy <> hırçı
tetchy <> huysu
tetes <> Têtes
tether <> bağla
tether <> ip
tether <> köste
tether <> urgan
tether <> zinci
tethered <> gergi
tethys <> Tetis
tetraborate <> tetra
tetrachlorethylene <> tetra
tetrachloride <> tetra
tetrachloroethylene <> tetra
tetrachords <> dörtl
tetracyclic <> tetra
tetracycline <> tetra
tetracyclines <> tetra
tetrad <> dört
tetrad <> dörtl
tetradecyl <> tetra
tetradrachm <> tetra
tetraethyl <> tetra
tetrafluoride <> tetra
tetragon <> dört
tetragon <> dörtg
tetragonal <> dört
tetragonal <> dörtg
tetragrammaton <> Tetra
tetrahedrite <> tetra
tetrahedron <> dört
tetrahydrate <> tetra
tetrahydrocannabinol <> tetra
tetrahydrofolate <> tetra
tetrahydrofuran <> tetra
tetrahymena <> Tetra
tetralogy <> dört
tetrameric <> tetra
tetrameter <> dört
tetramethylammonium <> tetra
tetramethylenediamine <> tetra
tetramethylpiperidine <> tetra
tetramine <> tetra
tetranychidae <> Tetra
tetraoxide <> tetra
tetraplegia <> tetra
tetraplegic <> tetra
tetrapod <> tetra
tetrapods <> tetra
tetrapolis <> Tetra
tetrarch <> tetra
tetrarchy <> tetra
tetras <> tetra
tetrastich <> dört
tetraterpenes <> tetra
tetrathionate <> Tetra
tetravalent <> tetra
tetric <> Tetri
tetroxide <> tetro
tetter <> bir 
tetter <> temri
tettigoniidae <> Tetti
tevatron <> Tevat
tews <> Tews
texas <> Teksa
text <> İncil
text <> konu
text <> metin
text <> tekst
text <> yazın
textbook <> ders
textbooks <> ders
textile <> dokum
textile <> dokun
textile <> tekst
textiles <> dokum
textiles <> tekst
texting <> manif
textphone <> Metin
texts <> metin
textual <> düzya
textual <> kelim
textual <> metin
textual <> metne
textually <> değiş
textural <> dokum
textural <> dokus
textural <> yapıs
texturally <> dokus
texture <> bünye
texture <> doku
texture <> dokum
texture <> yapı
textured <> dokul
textureless <> bomba
textures <> dokul
texturing <> tekst
texturised <> tekst
texturising <> TEKST
texturized <> tekst
texturizing <> tekst
thalami <> talam
thalamic <> talam
thalamocortical <> talam
thalamus <> çiçek
thalamus <> beyin
thalamus <> talam
thalassaemia <> talas
thalassaemic <> Talas
thalassemia <> talas
thalassemic <> talas
thalassic <> deniz
thaler <> taler
thalidomide <> uyuşt
thallium <> talyu
thallus <> Tallu
thalweg <> talve
than <> -dan
than <> -den
than <> daha
than <> göre
thane <> baron
thane <> topra
thank <> şükre
thank <> teşek
thanked <> teşek
thankful <> müteş
thankful <> minne
thankful <> teşek
thankfully <> müteş
thankfulness <> şükra
thankfulness <> minne
thanking <> teşek
thankless <> nankö
thanklessness <> nankö
thanks <> şükür
thanks <> sağol
thanks <> teşek
thanksgiving <> Şükra
thanksgiving <> şükre
thankworthy <> teşek
thar <> kazıl
that <> öteki
that <> şu
that <> böyle
that <> bu 
that <> diye
that <> için
that <> ki
that <> o
that <> o 
thatch <> darma
thatch <> kamış
thatch <> karış
thatch <> saman
thatcher <> Thatc
thaw <> ısınm
thaw <> açılm
thaw <> açmak
thaw <> buzla
thaw <> buzu
thaw <> erime
thaw <> eritm
thaw <> rahat
thawed <> çözül
thawing <> çözdü
the <> 
theas <> Theas
theater <> alan
theater <> ameli
theater <> amfi
theater <> sinem
theater <> tiyat
theatergoer <> tiyat
theaters <> tiyat
theatral <> tiyat
theatre <> alan
theatre <> ameli
theatre <> amfi
theatre <> sinem
theatre <> tiyat
theatregoer <> tiyat
theatregoers <> theat
theatres <> tiyat
theatrical <> abart
theatrical <> drama
theatrical <> tiyat
theatrical <> yapma
theatricals <> amatö
theatrics <> drama
theatrics <> yapma
thebe <> Thebe
thebes <> Thebe
theca <> teka
thecla <> Thecl
thee <> sana
thee <> sen
thee <> seni
theft <> çalma
theft <> aşırm
theft <> hırsı
thefts <> hırsı
theileriosis <> theil
thein <> tein
theine <> tein
their <> onlar
theirs <> onlar
theirselves <> kendi
theism <> Allah
theism <> aşırı
theism <> tanrı
theism <> teizm
theist <> Allah
theist <> tanrı
theist <> teist
theistic <> tanrı
them <> onlar
themata <> Thema
thematic <> içeri
thematic <> konu
thematic <> melod
thematic <> tema
thematic <> temat
thematically <> temat
theme <> ödev
theme <> içeri
theme <> konu
theme <> melod
theme <> motif
theme <> tanıt
theme <> tema
themes <> temal
themis <> Themi
themself <> kendi
themselves <> kendi
then <> öyley
then <> demek
then <> o 
then <> ondan
then <> sonra
then <> zira
thenar <> tenar
thenardite <> thena
thence <> böyle
thence <> bu 
thence <> o 
thence <> ondan
thence <> orada
thenceforth <> o 
thenceforth <> ondan
thenceforward <> o 
thenceforward <> ondan
theobroma <> Theob
theobromine <> teobr
theocracy <> din 
theocracy <> teokr
theocratic <> teokr
theodicy <> Theod
theodolite <> teodo
theodolites <> teodo
theologian <> ilahi
theologians <> ilahi
theologic <> teolo
theological <> ilâhi
theological <> teolo
theologically <> teolo
theologies <> teolo
theologist <> ilahi
theologists <> ilahi
theology <> ilahi
theology <> tanrı
theophile <> Theop
theophylline <> teofi
theorem <> kuram
theorem <> teore
theorems <> teore
theoretic <> kuram
theoretic <> nazar
theoretic <> teori
theoretical <> kuram
theoretical <> nazar
theoretical <> teori
theoretically <> teori
theoretician <> kuram
theoretician <> nazar
theoreticians <> kuram
theoretics <> nazar
theoric <> teori
theorical <> teori
theorically <> teori
theories <> teori
theorise <> teori
theorised <> kuram
theorising <> kuram
theorist <> kuram
theorist <> nazar
theorists <> teori
theorization <> kuram
theorizations <> kuram
theorize <> farze
theorize <> kuram
theorized <> kuram
theorizing <> kuram
theory <> kuram
theory <> nazar
theory <> teori
theosophic <> teoso
theosophical <> teoso
theosophist <> teoso
theosophists <> teozo
theosophy <> teoso
theotokos <> Theot
therapeutic <> iyile
therapeutic <> tedav
therapeutic <> terep
therapeutical <> tedav
therapeutical <> terep
therapeutically <> terap
therapeutics <> tedav
theraphosidae <> Thera
therapies <> tedav
therapist <> dokto
therapist <> terap
therapists <> terap
therapsida <> Thera
therapy <> iyile
therapy <> tedav
therapy <> terap
there <> şurad
there <> gördü
there <> işte
there <> o 
there <> orada
there <> orala
there <> oraya
thereabout <> aşağı
thereabout <> civar
thereabout <> orala
thereabout <> yakla
thereabouts <> civar
thereabouts <> orala
thereabouts <> yakla
thereafter <> ondan
thereafter <> sonra
thereat <> o 
thereat <> orada
thereby <> böyle
thereby <> dolay
thereby <> o 
therefor <> onun
therefore <> bu
therefore <> bu 
therefore <> bunda
therefore <> bunun
therefore <> o 
therefore <> onun
therefrom <> bunda
therefrom <> ondan
therefrom <> orada
therein <> içind
therein <> o 
therein <> orada
thereinafter <> sonra
thereinto <> There
thereof <> bu 
thereof <> bunla
thereof <> ondan
thereon <> bunun
thereon <> onun
thereover <> Orada
theres <> var
thereto <> ayrıc
thereto <> ona
thereto <> oraya
theretofore <> o 
thereunder <> onun
thereupon <> bunun
therewith <> bunun
therewith <> derha
therewith <> onunl
therewithal <> aynı
therewithal <> bunun
therewithal <> keza
therm <> ısı 
therm <> kalor
thermae <> ılıca
thermae <> hamam
thermae <> kaplı
thermal <> sıcak
thermal <> terma
thermal <> termi
thermally <> terma
thermals <> terma
thermals <> yükse
therme <> Therm
thermic <> termi
thermical <> türle
thermically <> termi
thermidor <> Therm
thermionic <> termi
thermionics <> termi
thermistor <> termi
thermistors <> termi
thermite <> termi
thermoacoustic <> Termo
thermobalance <> Termo
thermochemical <> termo
thermochemistry <> termo
thermocline <> termo
thermocoagulation <> termo
thermocouple <> ısıl
thermocouples <> termo
thermodilution <> termo
thermodynamic <> termo
thermodynamical <> termo
thermodynamically <> termo
thermodynamics <> termo
thermoelastic <> termo
thermoelectric <> termo
thermoelectrical <> termo
thermoelectricity <> termo
thermoform <> termo
thermoformable <> ısıyl
thermoformed <> ısıyl
thermoforming <> termo
thermogenic <> termo
thermograms <> termo
thermograph <> termo
thermographic <> termo
thermography <> termo
thermogravimetric <> termo
thermolabile <> termo
thermoluminescence <> termo
thermoluminescent <> termo
thermolysis <> termo
thermometer <> derec
thermometer <> termo
thermometers <> termo
thermometric <> Termo
thermometry <> termo
thermonuclear <> termo
thermophile <> termo
thermophiles <> termo
thermophilic <> termo
thermophilous <> termo
thermopile <> ısıpi
thermoplastic <> termo
thermoplastics <> termo
thermopylae <> Therm
thermoregulation <> Termo
thermoregulators <> termo
thermoregulatory <> termo
thermoremanent <> therm
thermos <> termo
thermoset <> termo
thermosets <> termo
thermosetting <> ısı 
thermosiphon <> Termo
thermosphere <> termo
thermostability <> termo
thermostat <> termo
thermostatic <> termo
thermostatically <> termo
thermostats <> termo
thermosteric <> Termo
thermotherapy <> termo
thermotropic <> termo
thesauri <> eş
thesaurus <> hazin
thesaurus <> kelim
thesaurus <> sözlü
thesauruses <> Thesa
these <> Bu
these <> bunla
theses <> tezle
thesis <> önerm
thesis <> sav
thesis <> tez
thesis <> vurgu
thespian <> oyunc
thespian <> tiyat
theta <> teta
thetic <> sente
theurgy <> Teürj
thew <> Thew
thews <> adale
thews <> kasla
thews <> kuvve
thews <> sinir
they <> insan
they <> onlar
thiabendazole <> tiyab
thiamin <> tiami
thiamine <> tiami
thiazide <> tiyaz
thiazides <> tiyaz
thiazole <> tiazo
thick <> aşırı
thick <> belir
thick <> boğuk
thick <> duman
thick <> en 
thick <> fazla
thick <> kalın
thick <> koyu
thick <> sık
thick <> sisli
thick <> yakın
thick <> yoğun
thicken <> içind
thicken <> kalın
thicken <> karış
thicken <> koyul
thicken <> sıkla
thicken <> yoğun
thickened <> kalın
thickener <> kalın
thickener <> koyul
thickener <> yoğun
thickeners <> koyul
thickening <> şişli
thickening <> kalın
thickening <> katıl
thickening <> yoğun
thickens <> kalın
thicker <> kalın
thickest <> kalın
thicket <> çalıl
thicket <> sık 
thicketed <> çalı
thicketed <> sık 
thickets <> çalıl
thickety <> çalıl
thickhead <> manka
thickheaded <> aptal
thickheaded <> kalın
thickheaded <> manka
thickish <> kalın
thickly <> kalın
thickly <> koyuc
thickly <> sık
thickness <> kalın
thickness <> koyul
thickness <> sıkıc
thickness <> sıklı
thickness <> yoğun
thicknesses <> kalın
thickset <> sık 
thickset <> tıkna
thickskinned <> kalın
thickskinned <> umurs
thickskinned <> vurdu
thickskulled <> kalın
thickwalled <> kalın
thief <> hırsı
thiefs <> Thief
thieve <> çalma
thieve <> hırsı
thievery <> çalın
thievery <> hırsı
thieves <> hırsı
thieving <> hırsı
thievish <> çalma
thievish <> hırsı
thigh <> but
thigh <> kalça
thigh <> uyluk
thighbone <> kalça
thighbone <> uyluk
thighs <> uyluk
thill <> araba
thiller <> koşum
thimble <> radan
thimble <> yüksü
thimbleful <> azıcı
thimbleful <> yüksü
thimbles <> yüksü
thimbleweed <> lale
thin <> boş
thin <> ince
thin <> incel
thin <> seyre
thin <> sudan
thin <> verim
thin <> zayıf
thine <> senin
thing <> şey
thing <> eşya
thing <> kimse
thing <> konu
thing <> yarat
thingamajigs <> Thing
things <> şeyle
things <> eşyal
things <> giysi
things <> işler
things <> palto
thingumabob <> şey
thingumabob <> dalga
thingumabob <> ne 
thingumabob <> zımbı
thingumajig <> şey
thingumajig <> dalga
thingumajig <> ne 
thingumajig <> zımbı
thingummy <> şey
thingummy <> dalga
thingummy <> ne 
thingummy <> zımbı
think <> aklın
think <> anmak
think <> düşün
think <> planl
think <> sanma
think <> sayma
think <> tasav
think <> zanne
thinkable <> düşün
thinker <> düşün
thinker <> filoz
thinkers <> düşün
thinking <> düşün
thinking <> fikir
thinking <> tasav
thinkings <> fikir
thinks <> düşün
thinly <> ince
thinned <> incel
thinner <> daha
thinner <> incel
thinner <> tiner
thinners <> tiner
thinness <> hafif
thinness <> incel
thinness <> seyre
thinness <> zayıf
thinnest <> ince
thinning <> incel
thins <> incel
thio <> tiyo
thiobacillus <> Thiob
thiocyanate <> tiyos
thiocyanates <> tiyos
thioglycollate <> Thiog
thiol <> tiyol
thiols <> tiyol
thiopental <> tiyop
thiopentone <> tiyop
thiophene <> tiyof
thioredoxin <> tiyor
thioridazine <> tiyor
thiosemicarbazide <> tiyos
thiosemicarbazone <> tiyos
thiosulfate <> tiyos
thiosulphate <> tiyos
thiourea <> tiyoü
third <> üçünc
third <> üçte
thirdly <> üçünc
thirds <> Üçte
thirst <> şidde
thirst <> arzu
thirst <> harar
thirst <> susam
thirst <> susuz
thirsters <> Susam
thirstiness <> susam
thirstiness <> susuz
thirsting <> susam
thirsty <> istek
thirsty <> kurak
thirsty <> susam
thirsty <> susat
thirsty <> susuz
thirteen <> on
thirteen <> on 
thirteenth <> on
thirteenth <> on 
thirties <> otuzl
thirtieth <> otuzd
thirtieth <> otuzu
thirty <> otuz
thirtyfold <> otuz
this <> Bu
thistle <> deved
thistledown <> şeyta
thistledown <> deved
thistles <> diken
thistly <> diken
thither <> orada
thither <> oraya
thixotropic <> tikso
thixotropy <> tikso
thole <> ıskar
thole <> dayan
thole <> kabul
tholeiite <> toley
tholeiites <> toley
tholeiitic <> toley
tholos <> Tholo
thong <> kırba
thong <> sırım
thong <> tanga
thong <> tokyo
thongs <> tokyo
thoracal <> torak
thoracenteses <> toras
thoracentesis <> toras
thoracic <> Toras
thoracic <> göğüs
thoracocentesis <> toras
thoracolumbar <> Torak
thoracoplasty <> torak
thoracoscope <> Torak
thoracostomies <> torak
thoracostomy <> torak
thoracotomies <> torak
thoracotomy <> torak
thorax <> göğüs
thorium <> toryu
thorn <> diken
thornback <> Vatoz
thornbush <> diken
thorniest <> çetin
thorns <> diken
thorny <> çetre
thorny <> belâl
thorny <> diken
thorny <> zorlu
thorough <> eksik
thorough <> kusur
thorough <> mükem
thorough <> tam
thoroughbred <> şık
thoroughbred <> bilgi
thoroughbred <> göste
thoroughbred <> kültü
thoroughbred <> safka
thoroughbred <> soylu
thoroughbreds <> safka
thoroughest <> dikka
thoroughfare <> geçit
thoroughfare <> işlek
thoroughfare <> suyol
thoroughfare <> yol
thoroughfares <> cadde
thoroughgoing <> eksik
thoroughgoing <> kusur
thoroughgoing <> mükem
thoroughgoing <> tam
thoroughly <> adama
thoroughly <> ayrın
thoroughly <> başta
thoroughly <> en 
thoroughly <> iyice
thoroughly <> tamam
thoroughness <> kusur
thoroughness <> mükem
thoroughness <> tamlı
thoroughness <> titiz
thoroughpaced <> her 
thoroughpaced <> iyi 
thorp <> Thorp
thorpe <> Thorp
thors <> Thors
those <> şunla
those <> bu
those <> onlar
thou <> sen
though <> -sa b
though <> gerçi
though <> karşı
though <> olduğ
though <> olsa
though <> rağme
though <> yine
thought <> özen
thought <> az 
thought <> düşün
thought <> felse
thought <> fikir
thought <> görüş
thought <> ilgi
thought <> kanı
thought <> niyet
thought <> sanı
thought <> sanıl
thoughted <> düşün
thoughtful <> özenl
thoughtful <> düşün
thoughtful <> dalgı
thoughtful <> dikka
thoughtfully <> düşün
thoughtfulness <> özen
thoughtfulness <> düşün
thoughtfulness <> dalgı
thoughtfulness <> dikka
thoughtless <> benci
thoughtless <> düşün
thoughtless <> patav
thoughtless <> tasas
thoughtlessly <> düşün
thoughtlessly <> patav
thoughtlessness <> düşün
thoughtlessness <> kaygı
thoughts <> düşün
thousand <> bin
thousandfold <> bin 
thousands <> binle
thousandth <> binde
thousandth <> binin
thousandths <> binde
thraldom <> esare
thraldom <> kölel
thrall <> esir
thrall <> köle
thrall <> kölel
thralldom <> esare
thralldom <> kölel
thralls <> köle
thrash <> dövme
thrash <> dayak
thrash <> deniz
thrash <> harma
thrash <> kıvra
thrash <> thras
thrash <> yenme
thrashed <> etti.
thrasher <> batöz
thrasher <> harma
thrasher <> sapan
thrashing <> dayak
thrashing <> yenil
thrashings <> darp
thrawn <> biçim
thrawn <> huysu
thread <> Konu
thread <> arası
thread <> ince
thread <> ipe 
thread <> iplik
thread <> kapla
thread <> lif
thread <> takma
thread <> tel
thread <> vida
thread <> viday
threadbare <> çok 
threadbare <> bayat
threadbare <> eski
threadbare <> kabak
threaded <> dişli
threader <> iğney
threader <> ipe 
threader <> pafta
threader <> viday
threaders <> diş
threadfin <> Takip
threadlike <> iplik
threads <> Konul
thready <> incec
thready <> ip 
thready <> iplik
thready <> tel 
threat <> adak
threat <> gözda
threat <> korku
threat <> tehdi
threat <> tehli
threated <> tehdi
threaten <> gözün
threaten <> gözda
threaten <> korku
threaten <> tehdi
threaten <> tehli
threatened <> tehdi
threatening <> endiş
threatening <> tehdi
threateningly <> tehdi
threatens <> tehdi
threating <> tehdi
threats <> tehdi
three <> üç
three <> üçlü
threefold <> üç
threefold <> üç 
threefold <> üçlü
threepenny <> Üç Ku
threes <> üçerl
threescore <> altmı
threesome <> üç 
threesome <> üçlü
threesomes <> Three
threnode <> ağıt
threnode <> cenaz
threnody <> ağıt
threnody <> cenaz
threonine <> treon
thresh <> harma
threshed <> harma
thresher <> batöz
thresher <> harma
threshers <> harma
threshing <> harma
threshingfloor <> Harma
threshold <> eğik
threshold <> eşik
thresholding <> eşikl
thresholds <> eşikl
threw <> attı
thrice <> üç
thrice <> üç 
thrice <> tekra
thrid <> üçünc
thrid <> üçte
thrift <> azla
thrift <> delio
thrift <> deniz
thrift <> idare
thrift <> tutum
thriftiness <> azla
thriftiness <> tasar
thriftiness <> tutum
thriftless <> müsri
thriftless <> savur
thriftless <> tutum
thriftlessness <> müsri
thriftlessness <> savur
thriftlessness <> tutum
thrifty <> idare
thrifty <> kanaa
thrifty <> tutum
thrill <> etkil
thrill <> heyec
thrill <> titre
thrilled <> heyec
thriller <> geril
thriller <> heyec
thrillers <> geril
thrilling <> heyec
thrilling <> titre
thrillingly <> Dehşe
thrills <> heyec
thripidae <> Thrip
thrive <> dalla
thrive <> geliş
thrive <> serpi
thrived <> büyüd
thrives <> büyür
thriving <> büyüy
thriving <> başar
thriving <> geliş
thro <> arası
thro <> başta
thro <> bir
thro <> bir 
thro <> direk
thro <> doğru
thro <> içind
thro <> kesin
thro <> sayes
thro <> tamam
thro <> yüzün
throat <> boğaz
throat <> dar 
throat <> gırtl
throat <> oluk
throated <> boğaz
throatiness <> boğaz
throats <> boğaz
throaty <> gırtl
throb <> çarpı
throb <> çarpm
throb <> nabız
throb <> titre
throb <> zonkl
throbbed <> zonkl
throbbing <> zonkl
throbs <> çarpı
throe <> ağrı
throe <> dert
throe <> sızı
throe <> sancı
throes <> sancı
thrombasthenia <> tromb
thrombectomy <> tromb
thrombi <> tromb
thrombin <> tromb
thrombocyte <> tromb
thrombocytes <> tromb
thrombocythaemia <> tromb
thrombocytopenia <> tromb
thrombocytopenias <> Tromb
thrombocytopenic <> tromb
thrombocytosis <> tromb
thromboembolic <> tromb
thromboembolism <> tromb
thrombolysis <> tromb
thrombolytic <> tromb
thrombolytics <> tromb
thrombophilia <> tromb
thrombophilias <> tromb
thrombophlebitis <> tromb
thromboplastin <> tromb
thrombosed <> tromb
thromboses <> tromb
thrombospondin <> Tromb
thrombotic <> tromb
thromboxane <> tromb
thrombus <> tromb
throne <> hüküm
throne <> taht
throne <> tahta
throned <> tahta
thrones <> tahtl
throng <> çoklu
throng <> üşüşm
throng <> doldu
throng <> dolul
throng <> izdih
throng <> kalab
throng <> topla
thronged <> kalab
throstles <> Thros
throttle <> boğaz
throttle <> boğma
throttle <> kısma
throttle <> keleb
throttled <> daral
throttles <> KISMA
throttling <> daral
through <> arası
through <> başta
through <> bir 
through <> direk
through <> doğru
through <> içind
through <> ile
through <> kesin
through <> sayes
through <> tamam
through <> yüzün
throughly <> adama
throughly <> ayrın
throughly <> başta
throughly <> en 
throughly <> iyice
throughly <> tamam
throughout <> başta
throughout <> boyun
throughout <> her 
throughout <> süres
throughput <> çıktı
throughput <> veri
throw <> örtü
throw <> şal
throw <> atış
throw <> atma
throw <> atmak
throw <> bükme
throw <> düşür
throw <> fırla
throw <> verme
throw <> yavru
throw <> yer 
throwaway <> atıla
throwaway <> bildi
throwaway <> el 
throwback <> çekme
throwback <> başar
throwback <> geril
throwback <> soya
throwbacks <> Throw
thrower <> çömle
thrower <> atıcı
thrower <> atan
thrower <> ibriş
throwers <> atıcı
throwin <> Ahh!
throwing <> atma
throwing <> fırla
thrown <> atılm
thrown <> bükül
thrown <> fırla
throws <> atar
throwster <> ibriş
thru <> arası
thru <> başta
thru <> bir 
thru <> direk
thru <> doğru
thru <> içind
thru <> ile
thru <> kesin
thru <> sayes
thru <> tamam
thru <> yüzün
thrum <> acemi
thrum <> püskü
thrum <> parma
thrum <> saçak
thrum <> tıngı
thrush <> ardıç
thrush <> pamuk
thrush <> taban
thrushes <> Thrus
thrust <> basın
thrust <> baskı
thrust <> dürtm
thrust <> hücum
thrust <> itiş
thrust <> itme
thrust <> itmek
thrust <> süngü
thrust <> saldı
thrust <> sapla
thrust <> sokma
thrusted <> sürük
thruster <> agres
thruster <> giriş
thrusters <> itici
thrusting <> agres
thrusting <> saldı
thrusts <> bindi
thud <> güm
thud <> küt
thud <> pat
thud <> pat 
thud <> tok 
thudding <> pat
thudding <> pat 
thug <> eşkıy
thug <> haydu
thug <> katil
thuggee <> adam
thuggery <> haydu
thuggery <> katil
thuggish <> arsız
thugs <> haydu
thuja <> mazı
thujopsis <> Thujo
thulium <> tülyu
thumb <> başpa
thumb <> parma
thumb <> yıpra
thumbing <> karış
thumbmark <> başpa
thumbnail <> başpa
thumbnail <> thumb
thumbnails <> küçük
thumbprint <> başpa
thumbs <> başpa
thumbscrew <> başpa
thumbscrew <> keleb
thumbscrews <> keleb
thumbstall <> başpa
thumbsucker <> Thumb
thumbtack <> rapti
thumbtack <> resim
thumbtacks <> Rapti
thump <> güm 
thump <> gümbü
thump <> küt 
thump <> yumru
thumper <> çarpı
thumper <> katil
thumping <> çok
thumping <> çok 
thumping <> kocam
thunder <> gök
thunder <> gök 
thunder <> gümbü
thunder <> gürle
thunder <> savur
thunder <> tehdi
thunderbirds <> Thund
thunderbolt <> şaşır
thunderbolt <> şimşe
thunderbolt <> bekle
thunderbolt <> yıldı
thunderbolts <> Yıldı
thunderbox <> Thund
thunderclap <> gök
thunderclap <> gök 
thundercloud <> fırtı
thundered <> gürle
thunderflash <> Thund
thunderhead <> Thund
thundering <> çok
thundering <> gürül
thundering <> gürle
thundering <> kocam
thundering <> müthi
thundering <> son 
thunderous <> gök 
thunderous <> gürle
thunders <> gürül
thundershower <> gök
thundershower <> gök 
thunderstone <> Thund
thunderstorm <> gök 
thunderstorm <> sağan
thunderstorms <> Yağış
thunderstruck <> şaşkı
thunderstruck <> hayre
thunderstruck <> yıldı
thundery <> gök
thundery <> gök 
thunnus <> Thunn
thurible <> buhur
thuringia <> Thüri
thurl <> Thurl
thus <> böyle
thus <> bu 
thus <> bunun
thus <> nitek
thusly <> Nitek
thuya <> mazı
thwack <> dövme
thwack <> darbe
thwack <> pat 
thwack <> vuruş
thwaites <> Thwai
thwart <> çapra
thwart <> önlem
thwart <> aykır
thwart <> bozma
thwart <> engel
thwart <> sanda
thwart <> yaptı
thwarted <> berta
thwarts <> çöker
thy <> senin
thylacine <> Thyla
thyme <> kekik
thymectomies <> timek
thymectomy <> timek
thymic <> timik
thymidine <> timid
thymine <> Timin
thymol <> timol
thymoma <> timom
thymus <> özden
thymus <> timüs
thyristor <> trist
thyristors <> trist
thyroglobulin <> tirog
thyroglossal <> tirog
thyroid <> kalka
thyroid <> tiroi
thyroidal <> tiroi
thyroidectomies <> Troid
thyroidectomized <> tiroi
thyroidectomy <> tiroi
thyroiditis <> tiroi
thyroids <> tiroi
thyronine <> Thyro
thyrotoxic <> tirot
thyrotoxicosis <> tirot
thyrotropin <> tirot
thyroxin <> tirok
thyroxine <> tirok
thyrsi <> çiçek
thyrsi <> salkı
thyrsus <> çiçek
thyrsus <> Baküs
thyrsus <> salkı
thysanoptera <> Thysa
thyself <> kendi
thyself <> sen 
tiara <> Eski
tiara <> papan
tiara <> taç
tiaras <> Tiara
tibia <> incik
tibia <> kaval
tibia <> tibia
tibiae <> tibia
tibial <> kaval
tibial <> tibia
tibias <> tibia
tibiofibular <> tibio
tic <> istem
tic <> tik
tical <> Tical
tice <> ilişk
tick <> doğru
tick <> işare
tick <> kılıf
tick <> kene
tick <> kot 
tick <> kredi
tick <> saat
tick <> saniy
tick <> tıkır
tick <> tık 
tick <> veres
ticked <> bilet
ticker <> borsa
ticker <> cesar
ticker <> saat
ticker <> yürek
tickers <> Şerit
ticket <> bilet
ticket <> ehliy
ticket <> etike
ticket <> fiş
ticket <> parti
ticket <> trafi
ticketed <> bilet
ticketing <> bilet
ticketless <> bilet
tickets <> bilet
ticking <> geçiy
ticking <> kalın
ticking <> tık 
ticking <> yastı
tickings <> Yüzü
tickle <> eğlen
tickle <> güldü
tickle <> gıdık
tickler <> borç
tickler <> güç 
tickler <> karbü
tickler <> nazik
tickles <> gıdık
tickling <> gıdık
ticklish <> alıng
ticklish <> gıdık
ticklish <> hassa
ticklish <> nazik
tickly <> alıng
tickly <> gıdık
tickly <> hassa
tickly <> nazik
ticks <> kenel
ticky <> Tik
tics <> tikle
tidal <> gelgi
tidbit <> en 
tidbit <> nefis
tidbits <> çerez
tiddler <> küçük
tiddles <> Tiddl
tiddly <> çakır
tiddly <> küçük
tiddly <> ufak
tide <> akış
tide <> akınt
tide <> cerey
tide <> eğili
tide <> gelgi
tide <> met
tide <> met 
tide <> mevsi
tide <> meyil
tideland <> gelgi
tidemark <> gelgi
tidemark <> su 
tides <> gelgi
tidewaiter <> gemiy
tidewater <> gelgi
tidiness <> düzen
tidiness <> düzgü
tiding <> müjde
tidings <> haber
tidings <> havad
tidy <> çöp 
tidy <> çok
tidy <> ıvır
tidy <> şık
tidy <> düzen
tidy <> derli
tidy <> epey
tidy <> sandâ
tidy <> temiz
tidy <> terti
tidying <> topla
tie <> ayak
tie <> bağ
tie <> bağla
tie <> berab
tie <> boyun
tie <> düğüm
tie <> eşit
tie <> engel
tie <> evlen
tie <> kiriş
tie <> krava
tie <> lata
tie <> oy 
tie <> sınır
tied <> bağlı
tied <> bağla
tier <> aşama
tier <> dizi
tier <> rütbe
tier <> sıra
tierce <> üçlü
tierce <> esas
tierce <> sabah
tiered <> katma
tiering <> katma
tiers <> kadem
ties <> bağla
tiff <> atışm
tiff <> gücen
tiff <> kızma
tiff <> tiff
tiffin <> hafif
tiffin <> ikind
tiffs <> TIFF
tifosi <> Tifos
tift <> Tift
tige <> sütun
tiger <> kana
tiger <> kapla
tiger <> resmi
tigerish <> kana
tigerish <> kapla
tigerish <> vahşi
tigers <> kapla
tigh <> Tigh
tight <> başab
tight <> cimri
tight <> dar
tight <> eli 
tight <> gergi
tight <> kısa
tight <> kasıl
tight <> kriti
tight <> sıkı
tight <> sızdı
tight <> sarho
tight <> zor
tighten <> ciddi
tighten <> germe
tighten <> kısma
tighten <> kasıl
tighten <> kasma
tighten <> sıkış
tighten <> sıkma
tighten <> sertl
tightened <> sıkıl
tightener <> gergi
tightening <> sıkma
tightens <> sıkıl
tighter <> sıkı
tightest <> dar
tightlipped <> ağzı
tightly <> sıkı
tightly <> sıkıc
tightness <> azlık
tightness <> darlı
tightness <> geçir
tightness <> gergi
tightness <> kesat
tightness <> sıkıl
tightness <> sızdı
tightness <> yoklu
tightness <> zorlu
tightrope <> geril
tightrope <> ip
tights <> kilot
tights <> tayt
tightwad <> cimri
tightwad <> pinti
tiglon <> Tiglo
tigon <> kapla
tigress <> dişi
tigress <> zalim
tigrish <> Dicle
tike <> sokak
tikes <> Tikes
tikka <> Tikka
tilak <> Tilak
tilbury <> Tilbu
tilde <> tilde
tildes <> Yakla
tile <> çini
tile <> fayan
tile <> karo
tile <> kep
tile <> kirem
tile <> mason
tile <> silin
tile <> tuğla
tiled <> kirem
tiler <> çatı
tiler <> döşem
tiler <> kirem
tiler <> mason
tilers <> dülge
tiles <> fayan
tiling <> fayan
till <> dek
till <> işlem
till <> kadar
till <> kasa
till <> para
till <> sürme
till <> topra
tillable <> sürül
tillage <> işlen
tillage <> tarım
tillage <> topra
tilled <> işled
tiller <> dümen
tiller <> filiz
tiller <> kök 
tiller <> sürgü
tillering <> karde
tillerman <> dümen
tillers <> karde
tilletia <> Tille
tilt <> at 
tilt <> boca
tilt <> dövüş
tilt <> devir
tilt <> eğili
tilt <> eğilm
tilt <> eğim
tilt <> eğmek
tilt <> güneş
tilt <> hız
tilt <> kavga
tilt <> mızra
tilt <> meyil
tilt <> tente
tilt <> yana
tiltable <> eğile
tilted <> eğik
tilter <> dampe
tilter <> yana
tilth <> işlen
tilth <> tarım
tilth <> topra
tilting <> at 
tilting <> eğiml
tilting <> meyil
tilting <> yatık
tiltmeter <> Eğim
tilts <> tente
tiltyard <> at
tiltyard <> at 
timbal <> dümbe
timber <> gemi
timber <> kalıp
timber <> kalas
timber <> keres
timber <> kiriş
timber <> payan
timbered <> ahşap
timbered <> keres
timbered <> orman
timberland <> orman
timberline <> Timbe
timberman <> maden
timberman <> odunc
timbers <> ahşap
timberwork <> ahşap
timberyard <> keres
timbre <> ses 
timbre <> tını
timbrel <> zilli
timbres <> tınıl
time <> zaman
timecard <> zaman
timed <> zaman
timeframe <> süre
timeframes <> zaman
timekeeper <> iş 
timekeeper <> krono
timekeeper <> saat
timekeepers <> muvak
timekeeping <> Timek
timeless <> ebedi
timeless <> sonsu
timeless <> zaman
timelessly <> ebedi
timelessness <> zaman
timelier <> gerek
timeline <> zaman
timelines <> zaman
timeliness <> aktüe
timeliness <> günce
timeliness <> vakit
timeliness <> yerin
timely <> günce
timely <> vakit
timely <> zaman
timeout <> zaman
timeouts <> zaman
timepiece <> krono
timepieces <> saatl
timer <> ateşl
timer <> dekla
timer <> krono
timer <> saat
timer <> zaman
timers <> zaman
times <> çağ
times <> defa
times <> kere
times <> kez
timesaver <> zaman
timesaving <> zaman
timescale <> zaman
timescales <> zaman
timeserver <> fırsa
timeserver <> zaman
timeserving <> fırsa
timeserving <> zaman
timeshare <> Devre
timeshares <> Times
timesharing <> payla
timestamp <> zaman
timestamps <> damga
timetable <> ders
timetable <> progr
timetable <> tarif
timetables <> çizel
timetabling <> çizel
timework <> günde
timework <> saatl
timeworn <> eskim
timeworn <> yıpra
timid <> çıtkı
timid <> çekin
timid <> ürkek
timid <> cesar
timid <> korka
timid <> mahçu
timid <> sıkıl
timid <> sakın
timid <> tutuk
timid <> utang
timidity <> çekin
timidity <> ürkek
timidity <> korka
timidity <> utang
timidly <> çekin
timidness <> çekin
timidness <> ürkek
timidness <> utang
timing <> süre
timing <> saat
timing <> zaman
timings <> zaman
timmer <> Timme
timorous <> çekin
timorous <> ürkek
timorous <> utang
timothy <> Aziz
timothy <> timot
timpanist <> davul
timpano <> davul
timps <> TIMP
tin <> kalay
tin <> konse
tin <> para
tin <> tenek
tincal <> tinka
tincted <> doymu
tincture <> hafif
tincture <> ispir
tincture <> iz
tincture <> renk
tincture <> tentü
tinctures <> tentü
tinder <> kav
tinderbox <> kav 
tinderbox <> tehli
tine <> çatal
tine <> boynu
tined <> Tined
tines <> diş
tinfoil <> kalay
ting <> çın
ting <> çınla
ting <> çan 
ting <> tın
ting <> tıngı
ting <> ting
tinge <> az 
tinge <> belir
tinge <> hafif
tinge <> iz
tinge <> katma
tinge <> renkl
tingle <> çınla
tingle <> heyec
tingle <> karın
tingle <> sızla
tingle <> telaş
tingles <> karın
tingling <> karın
tinguaite <> tingu
tiniest <> ufak
tink <> Tink
tinker <> üstün
tinker <> tamir
tinker <> tenek
tinkerers <> ten
tinkering <> müdah
tinkers <> Tinke
tinkle <> çıngı
tinkle <> çınla
tinkle <> tıngı
tinkle <> tınla
tinkles <> Tinkl
tinkling <> çınla
tinkling <> tıngı
tinkling <> tınla
tinman <> tenek
tinned <> kalay
tinned <> konse
tinner <> kalay
tinner <> tenek
tinnitus <> kulak
tinny <> tenek
tinplate <> tenek
tinplates <> sacla
tinpot <> aşağı
tinpot <> beş 
tinpot <> değer
tinpot <> tenek
tins <> tenek
tinsel <> allı
tinsel <> asıls
tinsel <> cicil
tinsel <> göste
tinsel <> gelin
tinsel <> pul
tinsel <> sim
tinsel <> simle
tinsmith <> kalay
tinsmith <> tenek
tinstone <> Kalay
tint <> açmak
tint <> boya
tint <> hafif
tint <> renk
tint <> ton
tinted <> renkl
tinting <> renkl
tintinnabulation <> çıngı
tintinnabulation <> çan 
tints <> renkl
tiny <> küçüc
tiny <> mini
tiny <> minic
tiny <> minik
tiny <> minna
tiny <> ufacı
tiny <> ufak
tiny <> ufakl
tip <> öneri
tip <> bahşi
tip <> boşal
tip <> burun
tip <> dökme
tip <> devir
tip <> devri
tip <> dokun
tip <> eğilm
tip <> eğim
tip <> eğme
tip <> filtr
tip <> hafif
tip <> püf 
tip <> takti
tip <> tavsi
tip <> tepe
tip <> tip
tip <> tiyo
tip <> uç
tip <> uç 
tip <> ucuna
tip <> uyarm
tip <> yana
tip <> yatır
tipcart <> eğile
tipcat <> çelik
tipped <> filtr
tipped <> uçlu
tipper <> bahşi
tipper <> dampe
tipper <> iyi 
tippers <> dampe
tippet <> atkı
tippet <> hakim
tippet <> kürk
tipping <> bahşi
tipping <> boşal
tipping <> uç 
tipple <> içkiy
tipple <> sık 
tipple <> sert
tippler <> akşam
tippler <> içkic
tipplers <> akşam
tippy <> şekli
tips <> ipuçl
tipstaff <> şerif
tipstaff <> mübaş
tipster <> muhbi
tipster <> tiyoc
tipsy <> çakır
tipsy <> içkil
tipsy <> kafas
tipsy <> salla
tipsy <> titre
tiptoe <> ayak
tiptoe <> heyec
tiptoe <> parma
tiptoe <> sessi
tiptoed <> ayak
tiptoes <> Tipto
tiptop <> birin
tiptop <> en
tiptop <> en 
tiptop <> mükem
tirade <> tirad
tirade <> uzun
tire <> araba
tire <> bıkma
tire <> bıktı
tire <> başör
tire <> dekor
tire <> elbis
tire <> giysi
tire <> lâsti
tire <> lasti
tire <> süsle
tire <> teker
tire <> usanm
tire <> yorma
tire <> yorul
tired <> bıkkı
tired <> bitki
tired <> lâsti
tired <> tembe
tired <> yorgu
tiredly <> bezgi
tiredness <> bıkkı
tiredness <> yorgu
tireless <> hiç 
tireless <> teker
tireless <> yorul
tirelessly <> yorul
tirelessness <> yorul
tires <> lasti
tiresome <> bıktı
tiresome <> sıkıc
tiresome <> yoruc
tirewoman <> oda 
tirewoman <> versi
tiring <> eziye
tiring <> yoruc
tiro <> çayla
tiro <> acemi
tiros <> TIROS
tisane <> ıhlam
tissue <> ağ
tissue <> doku
tissue <> ince
tissue <> kâğıt
tissue <> kopya
tissue <> tuval
tissues <> dokul
tit <> başta
tit <> meme
titan <> büyük
titan <> dev
titan <> titan
titaness <> süper
titanic <> Titan
titanic <> dev 
titanic <> titan
titaniferous <> titan
titanite <> titan
titanium <> titan
titans <> Titan
titbit <> en
titbit <> en 
titbit <> güzel
titch <> Titch
titer <> titre
titers <> titre
tithable <> vergi
tithe <> aşar
tithe <> onda
tithe <> ondal
tithing <> ondal
titian <> Titia
titians <> Titia
titillate <> gıdık
titillation <> gıdık
titillation <> geçic
titivate <> süsle
titlark <> çayır
title <> ünvan
title <> ad
title <> başlı
title <> hak
title <> isim
title <> marka
title <> sıfat
title <> sahip
titled <> ünvan
titled <> başlı
titled <> soylu
titler <> Title
titles <> başlı
titmouse <> başta
titrable <> titre
titratable <> titre
titrate <> titre
titrated <> titre
titrating <> titra
titration <> titra
titrations <> titra
titrator <> titra
titres <> titre
titrimetric <> titri
titter <> kıkır
titter <> kıs 
titties <> Memel
tittle <> nokta
tittle <> zerre
tittled <> başlı
tittletattle <> dedik
tittling <> Tittl
titubation <> sende
titular <> ünvan
titular <> hak 
titular <> itiba
titular <> yalnı
tizzy <> aşırı
tizzy <> telaş
to <> -e
to <> -e do
to <> -ya
to <> -ye
to <> göre
to <> için
to <> karşı
toad <> iğren
toad <> karak
toadeating <> dalka
toadeating <> yağcı
toadflax <> nevru
toadies <> Toadi
toads <> kurba
toadstool <> zehir
toady <> şakşa
toady <> dalka
toady <> yağ 
toady <> yağcı
toady <> yalta
toadyism <> dalka
toadyism <> yağcı
toast <> ısıtm
toast <> şeref
toast <> kızar
toast <> kadeh
toast <> sağlı
toast <> tost
toast <> yanma
toasted <> tost
toaster <> ekmek
toasters <> tost
toasting <> kızar
toastmaster <> Toast
toastmasters <> Toast
toasts <> tost
tobacco <> tütün
tobacconist <> sigar
tobacconist <> tütün
tobacconists <> Tütün
tobaccos <> tütün
tobit <> Tobit
toboggan <> ayaks
toboggan <> kızak
tobogganing <> kızak
toboggans <> kızak
toby <> adam
toby <> toby
tock <> tak
tocology <> ebeli
tocolytic <> tokol
tocopherol <> tokof
tocopherols <> tokof
tocs <> TOCs
tocsin <> tehli
tod <> çalı
tod <> tilki
today <> bugün
today <> günüm
todays <> Günüm
toddle <> tıpış
toddle <> yürüm
toddler <> tıpış
toddler <> yürüm
toddlers <> küçük
toddy <> hurma
toddy <> sıcak
tods <> Tods
tody <> yerli
toe <> çorap
toe <> ayak
toe <> burun
toe <> golf
toe <> parma
toe <> tekme
toe <> toyna
toe <> uç
toecap <> ayakk
toed <> parma
toenail <> ayak
toenails <> Ayak
toes <> ayak
toff <> kibar
toff <> züppe
toffee <> şeker
toffees <> Toffe
toffy <> şeker
toft <> Toft
tofu <> soya
tog <> elbis
tog <> giysi
toga <> yün
toga <> yün 
together <> berab
together <> birli
together <> hep 
together <> hiç 
together <> kuyru
together <> peşin
togetherness <> berab
togetherness <> birli
toggery <> elbis
toggery <> giysi
toggle <> geçiş
toggle <> köste
toggle <> kasa
toggles <> geçiş
toggling <> geçiş
togs <> elbis
togs <> kıyaf
toho <> Toho
toil <> didin
toil <> emek
toil <> sıkın
toil <> tuzak
toil <> uğraş
toil <> zahme
toilers <> emekç
toilet <> helâ
toilet <> makya
toilet <> süsle
toilet <> tuval
toileting <> tuval
toiletries <> tuval
toiletry <> banyo
toiletry <> tuval
toilets <> tuval
toilets <> tuzak
toilettes <> tuval
toilful <> ağır
toilful <> yoruc
toilful <> zahme
toiling <> emekç
toils <> sıkın
toils <> tuzak
toilsome <> ağır
toilsome <> yoruc
toilsome <> zahme
toilworn <> bitki
toilworn <> yorgu
toison <> Toiso
toit <> Toit
tokay <> Macar
tokay <> Tokay
token <> belir
token <> hatır
token <> hediy
token <> işare
token <> itiba
token <> jeton
token <> maden
token <> marka
token <> nomin
token <> oyun
token <> sahte
token <> simge
token <> yadig
token <> yanıl
tokenized <> kısal
tokens <> belir
toker <> Toker
tokes <> Tokes
tolan <> Tolan
tolbutamide <> tolbu
told <> dedi
tolerability <> toler
tolerable <> çekil
tolerable <> biraz
tolerable <> dayan
tolerable <> hoşgö
tolerable <> iyice
tolerable <> kısme
tolerable <> katla
tolerable <> orta
tolerably <> aşağı
tolerably <> bayağ
tolerably <> iyice
tolerance <> dayan
tolerance <> hata
tolerance <> hoşgö
tolerance <> müsam
tolerance <> taham
tolerance <> toler
tolerances <> toler
tolerant <> hoşgö
tolerant <> müsam
tolerant <> sabır
tolerant <> taham
tolerant <> toler
tolerantly <> hoşgö
tolerate <> dayan
tolerate <> göz 
tolerate <> hazme
tolerate <> hoşgö
tolerate <> katla
tolerate <> müsam
tolerate <> taham
tolerate <> toler
tolerated <> toler
tolerates <> toler
tolerating <> toler
toleration <> hoşgö
toleration <> izin
toleration <> müsaa
toleration <> toler
toll <> çalma
toll <> çan 
toll <> değir
toll <> geçiş
toll <> gong
toll <> pay
toll <> saati
toll <> telef
toll <> toll
toll <> yer 
toll <> yol 
tollbooth <> Tollb
tollhouse <> köprü
tollhouse <> paral
tolls <> geçiş
tollway <> paral
tolu <> Tolu
toluene <> tolüe
toluene <> yanıc
toluidine <> tolui
tom <> erkek
tom <> tom
tomahawk <> kızıl
tomahawk <> savaş
tomato <> domat
tomatoes <> domat
tomatos <> domat
tomb <> ölüm
tomb <> kabir
tomb <> lahit
tomb <> mezar
tomb <> mozol
tomb <> türbe
tombac <> tomba
tombak <> tomba
tombola <> tomba
tombolo <> Tombo
tomboy <> erkek
tomboyish <> erkek
tombs <> Mezar
tombstone <> mezar
tombstones <> Mezar
tomcat <> erkek
tomcats <> Tomca
tome <> cilt
tome <> kalın
tomes <> TOMES
tomfool <> aptal
tomfool <> kafas
tomfool <> maska
tomfool <> rezil
tomfoolery <> aptal
tomfoolery <> maska
tommy <> İngil
tommy <> boru
tommy <> iki 
tommy <> mehme
tommy <> somun
tommyrot <> saçma
tommyrot <> zırva
tomogram <> tomog
tomograms <> tomog
tomograph <> tomog
tomographic <> tomog
tomographies <> tomog
tomography <> tomog
tomorrow <> yarın
tomorrows <> yarın
toms <> sempt
tomtit <> mavi
tomtom <> dümbe
tomtom <> darbu
tomtom <> tamta
ton <> şıklı
ton <> moda
ton <> ton
tonal <> ses 
tonal <> tonal
tonalite <> tonal
tonalites <> tonal
tonalities <> makam
tonality <> renk
tonality <> ton 
tonality <> tonal
tondo <> Tondo
tone <> ahenk
tone <> ayarl
tone <> güç
tone <> hava
tone <> perde
tone <> ruh 
tone <> sağlı
tone <> ses
tone <> tarz
tone <> tavır
tone <> ton
tone <> tonun
tone <> uymak
tone <> uyuşm
toned <> tonda
toneless <> belli
toneless <> cansı
toneless <> donuk
toneless <> ifade
toneless <> perde
tonelessly <> ifade
toner <> toner
toner <> tonik
toners <> toner
tones <> sesle
toney <> Toney
tong <> Çin
tong <> Çin g
tongas <> Tonga
tonge <> Tonge
tongo <> Tongo
tongs <> maşa
tongue <> dil
tongue <> dil 
tongue <> erkek
tongue <> geçme
tongue <> lisan
tongue <> uzant
tongued <> dilli
tongued <> geçme
tongued <> zıvan
tongues <> dille
tonic <> canla
tonic <> esas
tonic <> kasla
tonic <> kuvve
tonic <> ton 
tonic <> tonik
tonic <> uyarı
tonic <> vurgu
tonicity <> ton
tonicity <> ton 
tonics <> tonik
tonies <> Tonie
tonight <> bu
tonight <> bu 
tonights <> akşam
toning <> renkl
toning <> tonla
tonish <> şık
tonish <> haval
tonish <> moday
tonks <> Tonks
tonnage <> üreti
tonnage <> tonaj
tonnage <> tonil
tonnage <> yük 
tonnages <> tonaj
tonne <> bin 
tonne <> ton
tonner <> tonlu
tonnes <> ton
tonometer <> diyap
tonometers <> tonom
tonometric <> tonom
tonometry <> tonom
tons <> ton
tons <> yığın
tonsil <> badem
tonsillar <> badem
tonsillectomy <> badem
tonsillectomy <> tonsi
tonsillitis <> badem
tonsils <> badem
tonsorial <> berbe
tonsure <> başın
tontine <> anama
tontine <> tonti
tony <> lüks
tony <> tony
too <> çok
too <> dahi
too <> de
too <> fazla
toodle <> Toodl
toodles <> Toodl
took <> aldı
tool <> çük
tool <> alet
tool <> aletl
tool <> araç
tool <> araba
tool <> aracı
tool <> kamış
tool <> keski
tool <> parça
tool <> penis
toolbar <> araç
toolbars <> Araç
toolbook <> ToolB
toolboxes <> toolb
toolchain <> araç
toolchains <> araç
tooled <> işlen
tooler <> Toole
toolholder <> tutuc
toolholders <> Kater
tooling <> alet
tooling <> keski
tooling <> süsle
tooling <> takım
toolkit <> araç
toolkits <> araci
toolless <> alets
toolroom <> Toolr
tools <> araçl
toom <> Toom
toor <> Toor
toot <> boru
toot <> korna
tooth <> damak
tooth <> diş
tooth <> diş 
tooth <> dişle
tooth <> pütür
tooth <> sert
tooth <> sevme
tooth <> tırtı
toothache <> diş
toothache <> diş 
toothbrush <> diş
toothbrush <> diş 
toothbrushes <> diş
toothbrushing <> Diş 
toothcomb <> sık 
toothed <> dişli
toothed <> tırtı
toothing <> diş
toothless <> dişsi
toothpaste <> diş
toothpaste <> diş 
toothpastes <> diş
toothpick <> av 
toothpick <> ince
toothpick <> kürda
toothpicks <> kürda
toothsome <> çekic
toothsome <> lezze
toothsome <> tatlı
toothy <> dişle
toothy <> kazma
tooting <> Tooti
tootle <> keyif
tootle <> yavaş
tootle <> yumuş
toots <> civci
tootsie <> Toots
tootsy <> ayak
top <> üstün
top <> üst
top <> üst 
top <> aşmak
top <> alt 
top <> baş
top <> birin
top <> doruk
top <> en 
top <> geçme
top <> kapak
top <> kapam
top <> tepe
top <> topaç
top <> uç
top <> zirve
topaz <> sarı
topaz <> topaz
topcoat <> palto
topcoat <> parde
tope <> çok 
tope <> alkol
tope <> ayyaş
tope <> camgö
topee <> güneş
topee <> kolon
toper <> alkol
toper <> ayyaş
toper <> içkic
topflight <> birin
topflight <> en 
topflight <> seçki
topgallant <> babaf
toph <> Toph
tophi <> tofüs
tophus <> Tophu
topiary <> ağaç
topiary <> budam
topic <> konu
topic <> mesel
topic <> mevzu
topic <> söz 
topic <> tema
topical <> aktüe
topical <> günce
topical <> konul
topical <> konuy
topical <> lokal
topical <> mahal
topical <> yöres
topical <> yerel
topicality <> aktüa
topicality <> günce
topicality <> yöres
topically <> topik
topicals <> topik
topics <> konul
topknot <> ibik
topknot <> sorgu
topknot <> tepe
topknot <> topuz
topless <> üstsü
topless <> tepes
topliner <> öneml
topliner <> ileri
topliner <> seçki
topman <> Topma
topmast <> gabya
topmost <> en
topmost <> en 
topnotch <> en
topnotch <> en 
topnotcher <> üstât
topnotcher <> en 
topographer <> topog
topographers <> topog
topographic <> topog
topographical <> topog
topographically <> topog
topographies <> topog
topography <> bölge
topography <> topog
topoisomerase <> topoi
topoisomerases <> Topoi
topologic <> topol
topological <> topol
topologically <> topol
topologies <> topol
topology <> topol
toponyms <> yer
topped <> tepes
topper <> birin
topper <> iyi
topper <> iyi 
topper <> seçki
topper <> silin
topper <> tepe
topping <> üstün
topping <> birin
topping <> mükem
topping <> malze
topping <> süper
toppings <> garni
topple <> düşec
topple <> devir
topple <> devri
topple <> sende
topple <> tepet
toppled <> devri
toppling <> devri
tops <> birin
tops <> en 
tops <> tops
topsail <> gabya
topsoil <> humus
topsoil <> topra
topstitch <> Topst
topsy <> Topsy
topsyturvy <> allak
topsyturvy <> altüs
topsyturvy <> başaş
topsyturvy <> karış
topsyturvy <> karma
topsyturvy <> tepet
topsyturvydom <> altüs
topsyturvydom <> başaş
topsyturvydom <> karış
topwork <> Topwo
toque <> kenar
toque <> miğfe
toques <> Toque
tor <> dik 
tor <> tor
tora <> Tevra
torah <> Tevra
toran <> Toram
torc <> tork
torch <> aseti
torch <> cep 
torch <> el 
torch <> meşal
torchbearer <> ışık
torchbearer <> meşal
torched <> ateşe
torches <> meşal
torchiers <> spotl
torchlight <> meşal
torchwood <> Torch
tore <> yırtt
toreador <> atlı
toreador <> boğa
toreador <> torea
toreadors <> Torea
torero <> boğa
tores <> Tores
toreutics <> maden
toric <> kabar
toric <> yumru
tories <> Muhaf
torinese <> Torin
torment <> acı 
torment <> azap
torment <> cefa
torment <> eziye
torment <> işken
tormented <> eziye
tormenting <> muzip
tormentor <> acı 
tormentor <> büyük
tormentor <> işken
tormentor <> sahne
tormentors <> işken
tormentress <> eziye
tormentress <> işken
torments <> eziye
torn <> kopuk
torn <> yırtı
tornadic <> torna
tornado <> hortu
tornado <> kasır
tornadoes <> torna
tornados <> kasır
torpedo <> patla
torpedo <> torpi
torpedoes <> torpi
torpedos <> torpi
torpid <> cansı
torpid <> hissi
torpid <> tembe
torpid <> uyuşm
torpid <> uyuşu
torpidity <> cansı
torpidity <> hissi
torpidity <> uyuşu
torpidness <> cansı
torpidness <> hissi
torpidness <> uyuşu
torpor <> cansı
torpor <> hissi
torpor <> uyuşu
torque <> dönme
torque <> tork
torquer <> Torqu
torques <> momen
torquing <> torkl
torrefy <> kavur
torrefy <> kurut
torrent <> lâv s
torrent <> sağan
torrent <> sel
torrential <> şidde
torrential <> akıcı
torrential <> sel
torrential <> sel 
torrents <> sel
torrid <> aşırı
torrid <> ateşl
torrid <> ihtir
torrid <> kavru
torrid <> kavur
torrid <> yakıc
torridest <> Torri
tors <> ları
torsades <> Torsa
torsion <> bükül
torsion <> burul
torsion <> dönme
torsional <> burul
torsionally <> burul
torsions <> burul
torso <> gövde
torso <> heyke
torso <> kolsu
torso <> yarım
torsos <> torso
tort <> haksı
torte <> Torte
torticollis <> torti
tortilla <> pizza
tortilla <> torti
tortillas <> ekmeğ
tortious <> haksı
tortoise <> kaplu
tortoise <> kara
tortoise <> tosba
tortoises <> kaplu
tortoiseshell <> bağa
tortoiseshell <> kaplu
tortricidae <> Tortr
torts <> tazmi
tortuosity <> çarpı
tortuosity <> dolaş
tortuosity <> dolam
tortuosity <> eğril
tortuosity <> hile
tortuosity <> namus
tortuous <> dolaş
tortuous <> dolam
tortuous <> eğri
tortuous <> hilel
tortuous <> kıvrı
tortuous <> namus
torture <> çarpı
torture <> çekti
torture <> ızdır
torture <> eziye
torture <> işken
tortured <> işken
torturer <> acı 
torturer <> işken
torturer <> sıkın
torturers <> İşken
tortures <> işken
torturing <> işken
torula <> Torul
torus <> halka
torus <> konve
torus <> yumru
tory <> İngil
tory <> kralc
tory <> muhaf
tosa <> Tosa
tose <> Tose
toses <> Toses
tosh <> saçma
tosh <> uydur
toss <> çekme
toss <> arkay
toss <> atmak
toss <> fırla
toss <> havay
toss <> kıpır
toss <> salla
toss <> yazı
tossed <> attı
tossers <> Tosse
tosses <> fırla
tossing <> savur
tosylate <> tosil
tot <> bızdı
tot <> bir 
tot <> dökün
tot <> eskil
tot <> küçük
tot <> topla
tot <> ufakl
tot <> yavru
tota <> Tota
total <> adet
total <> bütün
total <> etmek
total <> hepsi
total <> hepte
total <> mevcu
total <> parça
total <> tüm
total <> topla
total <> topta
total <> topu
total <> tutar
total <> tutma
totaled <> buldu
totaling <> topla
totalisator <> müşte
totalisator <> topla
totalised <> total
totalising <> topla
totalitarian <> bütün
totalitarian <> tek 
totalitarian <> total
totalitarianism <> tek 
totalitarianism <> total
totality <> bütün
totality <> tüm
totality <> tam 
totalization <> topla
totalizator <> müşte
totalizator <> topla
totalize <> özetl
totalize <> topla
totalizer <> topla
totalizing <> topla
totalled <> buldu
totalling <> topla
totally <> bütün
totals <> topla
totara <> Totar
tote <> üzeri
tote <> taşım
tote <> topla
totem <> totem
totems <> totem
totter <> sende
totter <> yalpa
tottered <> sende
tottering <> sarsa
tottering <> sende
tottery <> sarsa
tottery <> sende
tottery <> yalpa
totty <> Totti
toty <> Toty
toucan <> tukan
toucans <> Touca
touch <> üslup
touch <> bitiş
touch <> değme
touch <> denem
touch <> dokun
touch <> duyar
touch <> elim
touch <> ellem
touch <> etkil
touch <> fırça
touch <> işare
touch <> ileti
touch <> incel
touch <> incit
touch <> iz
touch <> kırma
touch <> para
touch <> rötuş
touch <> taç
touch <> teğet
touch <> temas
touch <> tuş
touch <> yakal
touch <> yakla
touch <> yetme
touch <> yolun
touch <> zerre
touchable <> dokun
touchdown <> gol
touchdown <> iniş
touchdowns <> touch
touched <> çatla
touched <> bozuk
touched <> deli
touched <> dokun
touched <> etkil
touched <> mütee
toucher <> Touch
touches <> dokun
toucheth <> dokun
touchiness <> aşırı
touchiness <> alıng
touching <> acıkl
touching <> dair
touching <> değin
touching <> dokun
touching <> hakkı
touching <> konus
touchingly <> Dokun
touchingness <> dokun
touchings <> cihaz
touchless <> Fırça
touchline <> kale
touchline <> taç 
touchpad <> Touch
touchscreen <> dokun
touchscreens <> dokun
touchstone <> ayar
touchstone <> denek
touchstone <> mihen
touchstones <> mihen
touchup <> Touch
touchwood <> kav
touchwood <> kav 
touchy <> çabuk
touchy <> alıng
touchy <> etkil
touchy <> hassa
touchy <> nazik
touchy <> titiz
tough <> çetin
tough <> baş 
tough <> dayan
tough <> kabad
tough <> sağla
tough <> sert
tough <> zorlu
toughen <> katıl
toughen <> sertl
toughen <> zorlu
toughened <> sertl
toughening <> tokla
toughens <> sertl
tougher <> zor
toughest <> zor
toughie <> çıkma
toughie <> kabad
toughie <> zor 
toughness <> belâl
toughness <> dayan
toughness <> inatç
toughness <> kabad
toughness <> sertl
toughness <> zorlu
touk <> Touk
toupee <> küçük
toupee <> peruk
toupet <> küçük
tour <> gezi
tour <> gezme
tour <> nöbet
tour <> tur
tour <> tur 
tour <> turne
toured <> gezdi
tourer <> touri
touring <> gezic
touring <> tur
tourism <> turiz
tourist <> turis
touristed <> turis
touristic <> turis
touristically <> turis
tourists <> turis
touristy <> turis
tourmaline <> turma
tourmalines <> Turma
tourn <> Turnu
tournament <> turnu
tournaments <> turnu
tourney <> turnu
tourneys <> turnu
tourniquet <> kanı
tourniquet <> turni
tourniquets <> turni
tours <> turla
tousle <> bozma
tousle <> karış
tout <> çığır
tout <> karab
tout <> müşte
tout <> tiyo
tout <> tiyoc
tout <> yapış
touted <> lanse
touts <> Sundu
tow <> çekic
tow <> çekme
tow <> kıtık
tow <> keten
tow <> yanın
tow <> yedek
towable <> Çeker
towage <> çekic
towage <> çekme
towages <> adet
toward <> çok 
toward <> -e do
toward <> -e ka
toward <> -e ya
toward <> aday
toward <> karşı
toward <> uysal
toward <> yönün
toward <> yumuş
towards <> -e do
towards <> -e ka
towards <> -e ya
towards <> doğru
towards <> karşı
towards <> yönün
towaway <> çekme
towbar <> çeki
towbars <> ÇEKİ
towboat <> şilep
towboat <> römor
towed <> çekil
towel <> havlu
towelette <> Havlu
toweling <> havlu
towelling <> havlu
towels <> havlu
tower <> burç
tower <> hisar
tower <> kale
tower <> kule
tower <> sığın
tower <> yükse
towered <> kule
towered <> kulel
towering <> çok 
towering <> yüce
toweringly <> kale
towers <> kulel
towheaded <> soluk
towing <> çekme
towline <> çekme
town <> şehir
town <> ilçe
town <> kasab
town <> kent
townhome <> Kasab
townhouse <> Konağ
towns <> kasab
townscape <> şehir
townsfolk <> şehir
townsfolk <> kasab
township <> bucak
township <> kaza
township <> nahiy
townships <> ilçel
townsman <> şehir
townsman <> hemşe
townsmen <> kentl
townspeople <> şehir
townspeople <> kasab
towpath <> yedek
towrope <> çekme
towser <> Towse
toxaemia <> kan 
toxaemia <> tokse
toxemia <> kan 
toxemia <> tokse
toxic <> toksi
toxic <> zehir
toxical <> toksi
toxical <> zehir
toxicant <> toksi
toxicant <> zehir
toxicants <> toksi
toxication <> toksi
toxicities <> toksi
toxicity <> toksi
toxicologic <> toksi
toxicological <> toksi
toxicologically <> toksi
toxicologist <> toksi
toxicologists <> toksi
toxicology <> toksi
toxicology <> zehir
toxicosis <> Zehir
toxics <> Toksi
toxigenic <> toksi
toxin <> toksi
toxins <> toksi
toxocara <> tokso
toxocariasis <> tokso
toxoid <> tokso
toxoids <> tokso
toxophilite <> Toxop
toxoplasma <> tokso
toxoplasmic <> Tokso
toxoplasmosis <> tokso
toxotes <> Toxot
toy <> çocuk
toy <> önems
toy <> oynam
toy <> oyunc
toybox <> Toybo
toying <> oynuy
toyon <> Toyon
toys <> oyunc
toyshop <> oyunc
trabeculae <> trabe
trabecular <> trabe
trabecule <> trabe
trabeculoplasty <> trabe
trace <> çizme
trace <> belir
trace <> dayan
trace <> işare
trace <> ipucu
trace <> iz
trace <> izind
trace <> izlem
trace <> koşum
trace <> kopya
trace <> patik
trace <> tasar
traceability <> izlen
traceable <> izlen
traced <> takip
traceless <> dayan
tracer <> araşt
tracer <> iz 
tracer <> izley
tracer <> izli
tracer <> kopya
tracer <> tekni
tracer <> terzi
tracers <> izley
tracery <> yapra
traces <> izler
trachea <> nefes
trachea <> solun
trachea <> yapra
tracheae <> trake
tracheal <> trake
tracheitis <> soluk
trachelectomy <> trake
tracheobronchial <> trake
tracheocele <> trake
tracheoesophageal <> trake
tracheophyta <> Trach
tracheostomy <> trake
tracheotomy <> nefes
trachoma <> traho
trachomatous <> traho
trachurus <> Trach
trachyte <> traki
trachytes <> traki
trachytic <> traki
tracing <> geçir
tracing <> izlem
tracing <> kopya
tracing <> takip
tracing <> tasla
tracings <> iz
track <> ayağı
track <> dümen
track <> geçme
track <> hat
track <> iz
track <> iz 
track <> izini
track <> izlem
track <> palet
track <> parça
track <> patik
track <> pist
track <> ray
track <> ray 
track <> rota
track <> takip
track <> teker
track <> yörün
track <> yol
trackable <> izlen
trackage <> demir
trackage <> rayla
trackball <> topun
trackballs <> Track
tracked <> palet
tracker <> iz 
tracker <> izci
tracker <> takip
trackers <> izci
tracking <> izlem
trackless <> iz 
trackless <> izsiz
trackless <> raysı
trackless <> yolu
tracks <> parça
tracks <> rayla
trackside <> pist
tracksuit <> Eşofm
tracksuits <> eşofm
tract <> alan
tract <> bölge
tract <> broşü
tract <> saha
tract <> siste
tractable <> işlen
tractable <> söz 
tractable <> uysal
tractate <> broşü
tractate <> risal
tracted <> Palpl
traction <> çekiş
traction <> çekme
traction <> taşım
tractional <> traks
tractive <> çekiş
tractive <> çekic
tractor <> çekic
tractor <> trakt
tractorfeed <> trakt
tractors <> trakt
tractotomy <> trakt
tracts <> yolla
tractus <> trakt
tradable <> Ticar
trade <> alım
trade <> iş
trade <> iş 
trade <> mesle
trade <> sanat
trade <> takas
trade <> ticar
trade <> zanaa
tradeable <> satıl
traded <> takas
trademark <> belir
trademark <> marka
trademark <> ticar
trademarked <> marka
trademarks <> marka
tradenames <> adlar
tradeoffs <> karşı
trader <> borsa
trader <> tücca
trader <> tacir
trader <> ticar
traders <> tücca
trades <> esnaf
tradesman <> dükkâ
tradesman <> esnaf
tradesman <> işyer
tradesman <> mesle
tradesman <> tücca
tradesmen <> esnaf
tradespeople <> esnaf
tradeswoman <> esnaf
tradewinds <> Trade
trading <> alışv
trading <> iş 
trading <> ticar
tradition <> adet
tradition <> gelen
tradition <> hadis
tradition <> sünne
traditional <> gelen
traditionalism <> gelen
traditionalist <> gelen
traditionalistic <> gelen
traditionalists <> gelen
traditionality <> gelen
traditionalize <> gelen
traditionalized <> gelen
traditionally <> gelen
traditionist <> hadîs
traditionists <> hadîs
traditions <> gelen
traduce <> çamur
traduce <> iftir
traduced <> iftir
traffic <> alışv
traffic <> değiş
traffic <> gidiş
traffic <> iş 
traffic <> karan
traffic <> trafi
traffic <> yolcu
trafficability <> trafi
traffick <> ticar
trafficked <> ticar
trafficker <> kaçak
trafficker <> satıc
traffickers <> kaçak
trafficking <> kaçak
traffics <> trafi
trafficways <> Trafi
tragacanth <> kitre
tragedian <> traje
tragedienne <> traje
tragedies <> traje
tragedy <> facia
tragedy <> felâk
tragedy <> traje
tragic <> acı
tragic <> feci
tragic <> traji
tragical <> traji
tragically <> acı 
tragically <> feci
tragically <> traji
tragicomedy <> traji
tragicomic <> traji
tragicomical <> traji
tragopan <> Trago
tragulidae <> Tragu
trail <> dökül
trail <> incec
trail <> iz
trail <> izlem
trail <> kuyru
trail <> patik
trail <> peşin
trail <> sürük
trail <> sürün
trail <> yerde
trail <> yol
trailblazer <> öncü
trailblazer <> yol 
trailblazing <> öncü
trailed <> Çekil
trailer <> fragm
trailer <> karav
trailer <> römor
trailer <> sürün
trailer <> tanıt
trailer <> treyl
trailering <> traıl
trailerite <> karav
trailers <> römor
trailhead <> Trail
trailing <> firar
trails <> yolla
train <> alışt
train <> antre
train <> dizi
train <> doğru
train <> eğitm
train <> kafil
train <> katar
train <> kerva
train <> kuyru
train <> maiye
train <> nişan
train <> sürük
train <> sıra
train <> terbi
train <> tren
train <> yetiş
trainable <> öğret
trained <> alışk
trained <> eğiti
trainee <> acemi
trainee <> eğiti
trainee <> stajy
trainees <> stajy
traineeship <> staj
traineeships <> staj
trainer <> çalış
trainer <> antre
trainer <> eğiti
trainer <> top 
trainers <> eğitm
training <> çalış
training <> öğret
training <> alışt
training <> antre
training <> ders
training <> eğiti
training <> egzer
training <> idman
training <> staj
trainings <> eğiti
trains <> trenl
traipse <> ayağı
traipse <> boş
traipse <> boş 
trait <> özell
trait <> kişis
traitor <> dürzü
traitor <> hain
traitor <> vatan
traitorous <> hain
traitorous <> hainc
traitors <> hainl
traitress <> hain
traitress <> vatan
traits <> özell
trajectories <> yörün
trajectory <> eğri
trajectory <> mermi
trajectory <> yörün
tram <> dekov
tram <> maden
tram <> tramv
tramcar <> tramv
tramcars <> tramv
tramell <> Trame
tramline <> tramv
tramlines <> çiftl
tramlines <> temel
trammel <> ayak
trammel <> bir 
trammel <> bukağ
trammel <> elips
trammel <> engel
trammel <> güçle
trammel <> tuzağ
tramontane <> dağla
tramontane <> yaban
tramp <> çiğne
tramp <> ağır
tramp <> berdu
tramp <> gezin
tramp <> sürtü
tramp <> sürtm
tramp <> serse
tramp <> sokak
tramp <> yaya
tramper <> Tramp
trampet <> Tramp
tramping <> derbe
trample <> çiğne
trample <> ayakl
trample <> ezme
trample <> ezmek
trampled <> çiğne
tramples <> ayakl
trampolin <> Tramb
trampoline <> sıçra
trampoline <> tramb
trampolines <> Tramb
trampolining <> Tarmb
tramps <> serse
trams <> tramv
tramway <> dekov
tramway <> tramv
tramways <> tramv
trance <> hipno
trance <> trans
trance <> vecit
tranced <> Tranc
trancelike <> trans
trances <> dilim
tranches <> dilim
trank <> sakin
trank <> yatış
tranquil <> durgu
tranquil <> huzur
tranquil <> sakin
tranquility <> huzur
tranquility <> sükun
tranquility <> sakin
tranquilize <> sakin
tranquilize <> yatış
tranquilizer <> sakin
tranquilizer <> yatış
tranquilizers <> sakin
tranquilizing <> Sakin
tranquiller <> Tranq
tranquilliser <> sakin
tranquilliser <> yatış
tranquillisers <> sakin
tranquillity <> huzur
tranquillity <> sükun
tranquillity <> sakin
tranquillize <> sakin
tranquillize <> teski
tranquillize <> yatış
tranquillizer <> sakin
tranquillizer <> yatış
tranquillizers <> sakin
tranquillizing <> teski
tranquilly <> Huzur
transact <> görme
transact <> muame
transact <> yapma
transacted <> işlem
transaction <> işlem
transaction <> muame
transactional <> işlem
transactions <> alım
transactions <> işlem
transactions <> kalem
transactivation <> trans
transactors <> aracı
transalpine <> alple
transaminase <> trans
transaminases <> trans
transamination <> trans
transatlantic <> trans
transborder <> sınır
transcallosal <> trans
transcaucasian <> Trans
transceiver <> telsi
transceivers <> alıcı
transcend <> üstün
transcend <> aşmak
transcended <> aşan
transcendence <> üstün
transcendence <> deney
transcendent <> üstün
transcendent <> deney
transcendent <> insan
transcendental <> aşkın
transcendental <> deney
transcendental <> metaf
transcendental <> soyut
transcendental <> trans
transcendentalism <> Trans
transcending <> aşmak
transcends <> aşar
transconductance <> geçiş
transconductances <> iletk
transcondylar <> trans
transcontinental <> kıtal
transcortical <> trans
transcribe <> değiş
transcribe <> fonet
transcribe <> kayde
transcribe <> kopya
transcribe <> uyarl
transcribed <> trans
transcriber <> Dönüş
transcribes <> trans
transcribing <> trans
transcript <> kopya
transcript <> suret
transcript <> trans
transcriptase <> trans
transcription <> kayıt
transcription <> kayde
transcription <> kopya
transcription <> trans
transcription <> uyarl
transcriptional <> trans
transcriptionally <> trans
transcriptions <> trans
transcripts <> trans
transcultural <> trans
transcurrent <> Çapra
transcutaneous <> trans
transdisciplinary <> trans
transducer <> dönüş
transducer <> enerj
transducer <> güç 
transducers <> dönüş
transduction <> trans
transect <> trans
transection <> trans
transects <> trans
transept <> haç
transept <> haç 
transesophageal <> trans
transfected <> trans
transfecting <> trans
transfection <> trans
transfer <> aktar
transfer <> basma
transfer <> devir
transfer <> devre
transfer <> geçir
transfer <> haval
transfer <> ihale
transfer <> iletm
transfer <> kopya
transfer <> nakil
transfer <> nakle
transfer <> taşım
transfer <> trans
transfer <> yere
transferability <> aktar
transferability <> devre
transferable <> nakle
transferable <> trans
transferase <> trans
transferases <> trans
transferee <> devra
transferee <> nakle
transferees <> devir
transference <> devir
transference <> duygu
transference <> nakil
transference <> trans
transferences <> aktar
transferor <> devre
transferor <> nakle
transferrable <> devre
transferred <> trans
transferring <> nakle
transferring <> trans
transfers <> trans
transfiguration <> şekil
transfiguration <> başka
transfiguration <> tecel
transfigure <> şekli
transfigure <> başka
transfigure <> yücel
transfigured <> Trans
transfinite <> sayı
transfinite <> sonlu
transfix <> delip
transfix <> kazığ
transfix <> mıhla
transform <> dönüş
transform <> halin
transformable <> dönüş
transformation <> şekil
transformation <> dönüş
transformation <> trans
transformation <> volta
transformational <> dönüş
transformations <> dönüş
transformative <> dönüş
transformed <> dönüş
transformer <> dönüş
transformer <> trafo
transformer <> trans
transformers <> trans
transforming <> dönüş
transforms <> dönüş
transfrontier <> sınır
transfuse <> aşıla
transfuse <> aktar
transfuse <> damar
transfuse <> ilham
transfuse <> kan 
transfuse <> nakil
transfused <> trans
transfusion <> aktar
transfusion <> esinl
transfusion <> ilham
transfusion <> kan 
transfusion <> nakil
transfusional <> trans
transfusions <> trans
transgender <> trans
transgendered <> trans
transgenders <> Trans
transgenerational <> kuşak
transgenic <> trans
transgenics <> trans
transglobal <> Trans
transgress <> çiğne
transgress <> aşmak
transgress <> günah
transgress <> karşı
transgressed <> trans
transgressing <> çiğne
transgression <> günah
transgression <> ihlal
transgression <> sınır
transgression <> suç
transgressions <> trans
transgressive <> trans
transgressively <> trans
transgressor <> günah
transgressor <> ihlâl
transgressor <> suçlu
transgressors <> saldı
transhepatic <> trans
transhipment <> limbo
transhipments <> aktar
transhistorical <> tarih
transience <> fanil
transience <> geçic
transiency <> fanil
transiency <> geçic
transient <> fani
transient <> geçer
transient <> geçic
transient <> kısa
transient <> sürek
transiently <> geçic
transients <> geçic
transillumination <> trans
transistor <> trans
transistorised <> trans
transistorize <> trans
transistorized <> trans
transistors <> trans
transit <> geçme
transit <> trans
transit <> yıldı
transited <> trans
transiting <> trans
transition <> değiş
transition <> geçiş
transition <> hal 
transition <> intik
transitional <> geçiş
transitionally <> geçiş
transitioned <> geçiş
transitioning <> geçiş
transitions <> geçiş
transitive <> geçen
transitive <> geçiş
transitive <> geçir
transitively <> geçiş
transitivity <> geçiş
transitoriness <> geçic
transitory <> eğret
transitory <> fani
transitory <> geçic
transitory <> sürek
transits <> trans
transjugular <> trans
translatable <> çevri
translatable <> tercü
translate <> çevir
translate <> dönüş
translate <> tercü
translated <> tercü
translates <> çevir
translating <> çevir
translation <> çevir
translation <> tercü
translational <> trans
translations <> çevir
translator <> çevir
translator <> tercü
translators <> çevir
translatory <> ötele
transliterate <> başka
transliterated <> çevir
transliteration <> çevir
transliteration <> başka
transliterations <> dönüş
translocate <> yerin
translocated <> trans
translocation <> trans
translocations <> trans
translucency <> sayda
translucent <> açık
translucent <> belli
translucent <> yarı
transmarine <> deniz
transmembrane <> trans
transmigrate <> başka
transmigrate <> göç 
transmigrate <> göçme
transmigrate <> geçme
transmigration <> göç
transmigration <> geçme
transmigration <> hicre
transmissibility <> aktar
transmissible <> geçir
transmissible <> nakle
transmission <> aktar
transmission <> bulaş
transmission <> ileti
transmission <> iletm
transmission <> intik
transmission <> radyo
transmission <> trans
transmission <> ulaşt
transmission <> vites
transmissions <> yayın
transmissive <> aktar
transmissivity <> geçir
transmit <> bulaş
transmit <> geçir
transmit <> iletm
transmit <> yayın
transmit <> yayma
transmits <> ileti
transmittance <> geçir
transmitted <> bulaş
transmitted <> yayın
transmitter <> ahize
transmitter <> nakle
transmitter <> veric
transmitters <> veric
transmitting <> gönde
transmitting <> veric
transmogrify <> şekli
transmontane <> Alple
transmutation <> dönüş
transmutation <> değiş
transmute <> dönüş
transmute <> değiş
transmuter <> Trans
transnational <> ulusa
transnational <> ulusl
transnationalism <> ulus
transnationals <> çokul
transocean <> Trans
transoceanic <> okyan
transom <> çapra
transom <> kapı
transom <> trave
transonic <> sesöt
transpacific <> Trans
transparence <> açıkl
transparencies <> aseta
transparency <> şeffa
transparency <> sayda
transparency <> slayt
transparent <> şeffa
transparent <> apaçı
transparent <> sayda
transparent <> trans
transparently <> şeffa
transpeptidase <> trans
transpersonal <> Trans
transphobia <> trans
transphobic <> trans
transpiration <> ter
transpiration <> terle
transpire <> kokus
transpire <> sızdı
transpire <> sızma
transpire <> terle
transplacental <> trans
transplacentally <> trans
transplant <> başka
transplant <> nakle
transplant <> trans
transplantable <> trans
transplantation <> nakle
transplantation <> organ
transplantation <> trans
transplantations <> trans
transplanted <> nakle
transplanting <> nakli
transplants <> nakli
transponders <> trans
transport <> başın
transport <> coşma
transport <> coştu
transport <> heyec
transport <> kendi
transport <> nakil
transport <> nakle
transport <> nakli
transport <> sürgü
transport <> sürme
transport <> taşım
transport <> taşıt
transport <> taşkı
transportability <> taşın
transportable <> porta
transportable <> taşın
transportation <> nakli
transportation <> navlu
transportation <> sürgü
transportation <> taşım
transportation <> taşıt
transportational <> taşım
transportations <> nakli
transported <> taşın
transporter <> nakli
transporter <> taşıy
transporters <> nakil
transporting <> nakle
transporting <> taşım
transports <> nakli
transpose <> aktar
transpose <> denkl
transpose <> perde
transpose <> yerin
transposed <> hukuk
transposing <> hukuk
transposition <> aktar
transposition <> denkl
transposition <> yer 
transposition <> yerin
transpositions <> trans
transposon <> trans
transposons <> trans
transsexual <> cinsi
transsexual <> trans
transsexualism <> trans
transsexuality <> trans
transsexuals <> trans
transship <> başka
transshipment <> aktar
transshipments <> aktar
transshipped <> trans
transshipping <> aktar
transtentorial <> trans
transthoracic <> trans
transtracheal <> trans
transubstantiate <> dönüş
transudate <> trans
transudates <> trans
transude <> derid
transude <> sızma
transuranium <> urany
transurethral <> trans
transvaginal <> trans
transversal <> çapra
transversal <> enine
transversal <> hiper
transversality <> trans
transversally <> enine
transverse <> çapra
transverse <> aykır
transverse <> enine
transversely <> enine
transversion <> trans
transvestic <> trans
transvestism <> karşı
transvestite <> karşı
transvestites <> trave
trant <> Trant
tranter <> Trant
tranylcypromine <> trani
trap <> ağız
trap <> ayırı
trap <> dolap
trap <> fırla
trap <> gaga
trap <> hafif
trap <> iki 
trap <> kapak
trap <> kapan
trap <> kum 
trap <> oyuna
trap <> tuzağ
trap <> tuzak
trap <> volka
trap <> yakal
trapdoor <> açıla
trapeze <> trape
trapezes <> trape
trapezia <> trape
trapeziform <> trape
trapezium <> ikizk
trapezium <> trape
trapezium <> yamuk
trapezoid <> ikizk
trapezoid <> yamuk
trapezoidal <> ikizk
trapezoids <> yamuk
trapped <> tuzak
trapper <> avcı
trapper <> tuzak
trappers <> Trapp
trapping <> hapsi
trappings <> süslü
trappings <> takı
trappings <> ziyne
traps <> eşya
traps <> pılı
traps <> tuzak
traps <> vurma
trapt <> Trapt
trash <> çöp
trash <> çerçö
trash <> beş 
trash <> fasa
trash <> işe 
trash <> saçma
trashcan <> Sepet
trashed <> çöpe
trashiness <> değer
trashiness <> işe 
trashing <> harma
trashmen <> Trash
trashy <> beş 
trashy <> değer
trass <> tras
trat <> Trat
trattoria <> Tratt
trauma <> şok
trauma <> sarsı
trauma <> travm
trauma <> yara
traumas <> travm
traumatic <> travm
traumatic <> yaray
traumatically <> Travm
traumatised <> travm
traumatization <> travm
traumatize <> travm
traumatized <> travm
traumatizing <> travm
travail <> doğum
travail <> sancı
travail <> zahme
travails <> Trava
trave <> Trave
travel <> dolaş
travel <> gezi
travel <> gezme
travel <> işlem
travel <> kaçma
travel <> seyah
travel <> yol 
travel <> yolcu
travelators <> Yürüy
traveled <> çok 
traveled <> işlek
traveled <> seyah
traveler <> gezgi
traveler <> pazar
traveler <> seyah
traveler <> seyya
traveler <> yolcu
travelers <> gezgi
traveling <> gezic
traveling <> seyah
traveling <> seyya
travelled <> çok 
travelled <> işlek
travelled <> seyah
traveller <> gezgi
traveller <> pazar
traveller <> seyah
traveller <> seyya
traveller <> yolcu
travellers <> gezgi
travelling <> gezic
travelling <> seyah
travelling <> seyya
travelog <> Trave
travelogues <> gezi
travels <> seyah
traversable <> çapra
traverse <> çapra
traverse <> bir 
traverse <> dikka
traverse <> her 
traverse <> karşı
traverse <> kiriş
traverse <> mil 
traverse <> trave
traverse <> zikza
traversed <> geçil
traverses <> erişi
traversing <> gezdi
travertin <> merme
travertine <> trave
travertines <> trave
travesty <> gülün
travesty <> hezel
travesty <> hiciv
travesty <> hicve
travesty <> karik
travesty <> komik
trawl <> tarak
trawl <> trol
trawled <> taray
trawler <> trol
trawler <> trolc
trawlers <> trol
trawling <> trol
trawls <> troll
tray <> sini
tray <> tabla
tray <> tepsi
trays <> tepsi
treacher <> Treac
treacheries <> ihane
treacherous <> aldat
treacherous <> güven
treacherous <> hain
treacherous <> kalle
treacherously <> hainc
treachery <> hıyan
treachery <> hainl
treachery <> ihane
treachery <> kalle
treacle <> şeker
treacle <> aşırı
treacle <> melas
treacly <> ağdal
treacly <> aşırı
tread <> çiftl
tread <> adıml
tread <> arşın
tread <> ayak
tread <> ayakk
tread <> basış
tread <> basam
tread <> basma
tread <> dans
tread <> ezmek
tread <> pedal
tread <> yürüm
tread <> yürüy
treaded <> vidal
treader <> Yıldı
treading <> ayakl
treadle <> ayakl
treadle <> pedal
treadmill <> Koşu
treadmill <> ayak
treadmill <> monot
treadmill <> tekdü
treadmills <> koşu
treads <> basam
treason <> hainl
treason <> vatan
treasonable <> ihane
treasonous <> ihane
treasure <> değer
treasure <> defin
treasure <> hazin
treasure <> serve
treasure <> topla
treasurer <> hazin
treasurer <> mali
treasurer <> vezne
treasurers <> hazin
treasurership <> hazin
treasures <> hazin
treasuries <> hazin
treasuring <> değer
treasury <> bilgi
treasury <> hazin
treasury <> maliy
treat <> ısmar
treat <> davra
treat <> işlem
treat <> ikram
treat <> muame
treat <> tedav
treat <> zevk
treat <> ziyaf
treatability <> arıtı
treatable <> tedav
treated <> tedav
treater <> deleg
treaters <> şartl
treaties <> antla
treating <> tedav
treatise <> bilim
treatise <> tez
treatises <> ilmi
treatment <> davra
treatment <> işlem
treatment <> işley
treatment <> muame
treatment <> tedav
treatments <> tedav
treats <> davra
treaty <> antla
treaty <> mukav
treble <> üç
treble <> üç 
treble <> üçle
treble <> sopra
treble <> tiz 
trebles <> trebl
trebuchet <> Trebu
treck <> Treck
trecks <> Treck
tree <> çıkma
tree <> ağaç
tree <> ağaca
tree <> darağ
tree <> eyer
tree <> mil
treebeard <> Treeb
treeing <> ağaçl
treeless <> ağaçs
treen <> tahta
treenail <> ağaç
treenail <> kavel
trees <> ağaçl
treetops <> ağaç
tref <> Tref
trefoil <> yonca
trehalose <> treha
treille <> TREIL
trek <> öküz
trek <> göç
trek <> göçme
trek <> kağnı
trekkers <> yürüy
trekkies <> Trekk
treks <> Trekl
trellis <> çarda
trellis <> kafes
trellis <> parma
trellised <> kafes
trellises <> kafes
trelliswork <> kafes
trematode <> trema
trematodes <> trema
tremble <> ürper
tremble <> endiş
tremble <> titre
trembled <> titre
trembler <> devre
trembler <> elekt
trembler <> tramb
trembles <> bir
trembles <> bir 
trembling <> titre
tremblingly <> titre
tremblings <> titre
tremendous <> çok 
tremendous <> heybe
tremendous <> kocam
tremendous <> kosko
tremendous <> muazz
tremendously <> müthi
tremie <> Tremi
tremolite <> tremo
tremolo <> titre
tremor <> çarpı
tremor <> ürper
tremor <> sarsı
tremor <> titre
tremors <> titre
tremulous <> ürkek
tremulous <> huzur
tremulous <> titre
trench <> çukur
trench <> belle
trench <> hende
trench <> kazma
trench <> siper
trench <> suyol
trenchancy <> etkin
trenchancy <> keski
trenchant <> acı
trenchant <> dokun
trenchant <> etkil
trenchant <> keski
trenchard <> Trenc
trencher <> ekmek
trencher <> hende
trencherman <> iştah
trenches <> siper
trenching <> hende
trend <> akım
trend <> eğili
trend <> eğiml
trend <> gidiş
trend <> meyil
trend <> yön
trend <> yönel
trendier <> son
trendiest <> trend
trendily <> moada
trending <> gidiş
trendline <> Trend
trendlines <> eğili
trends <> eğili
trendsetter <> moday
trendsetters <> Trend
trendsetting <> moday
trendy <> moda
trendy <> moday
trepan <> cerra
trepan <> delgi
trepan <> kuyu
trepanation <> trepa
trepanning <> Trepa
trephine <> trepa
trepidation <> ürper
trepidation <> dehşe
trepidation <> korku
trepidation <> titre
treponema <> Trepo
trespass <> günah
trespass <> girme
trespass <> izins
trespass <> suç 
trespass <> tecâv
trespass <> yasay
trespassed <> tecav
trespasser <> günah
trespasser <> izins
trespasses <> suçla
tress <> bulke
tress <> lüle
tress <> saç 
tressed <> örgül
tressed <> bukle
tressed <> lüle
tresses <> saçla
trestle <> köprü
trestle <> masa
trestle <> sehpa
trestlework <> payan
trestlework <> sehpa
trestlework <> viyad
trets <> TRETS
trevis <> Trevi
trew <> Trew
trews <> Trews
trey <> üçlü
trez <> Trez
triable <> adli
triable <> yargı
triac <> triya
triacetate <> trias
triacid <> trias
triacs <> triya
triad <> üçlü
triad <> üçlük
triadic <> üçlü
triads <> gizli
triage <> özell
triage <> acili
triage <> triya
trial <> çile
trial <> örnek
trial <> dava
trial <> denem
trial <> dert
trial <> duruş
trial <> giriş
trial <> mahke
trial <> prova
trial <> sınam
trial <> sınav
trial <> test
trial <> yargı
trialeurodes <> Trial
trialling <> denem
trialog <> TRIAL
trialogue <> üçlü
trials <> denem
triamcinolone <> triam
triangle <> üç 
triangle <> üçgen
triangles <> üçgen
triangular <> üç 
triangular <> üçgen
triangulate <> üçgen
triangulation <> niren
triangulations <> üçgen
trias <> Triya
triathlete <> triat
triathlon <> triat
triatoma <> Triat
triaxial <> üç
triazines <> triaz
triazole <> triaz
triazoles <> triaz
tribal <> kabil
tribalism <> kabil
tribble <> Tribb
tribe <> aşire
tribe <> boy
tribe <> famil
tribe <> kabil
tribe <> mesle
tribe <> oymak
tribe <> takım
tribes <> kabil
tribesman <> kabil
tribesmen <> kabil
tribespeople <> eloğu
tribolium <> Tribo
tribological <> tribo
tribology <> sürtü
tribometer <> sürtü
tribometer <> tribo
tribrach <> üç
tribrach <> üç 
tribulation <> çile
tribulation <> belâ
tribulation <> dert
tribulation <> musib
tribulation <> sıkın
tribunal <> hakim
tribunal <> mahke
tribunal <> yargı
tribunals <> mahke
tribunate <> Tribü
tribune <> halkı
tribune <> kürsü
tribune <> pisko
tribune <> platf
tribune <> tribü
tribune <> yükse
tribunes <> tribü
tribunician <> tribü
tributaries <> kolla
tributary <> ırmağ
tributary <> ırmak
tributary <> dökül
tributary <> haraç
tributary <> vergi
tribute <> övgü
tribute <> devle
tribute <> hürme
tribute <> haraç
tribute <> işçin
tribute <> takdi
tributes <> haraç
tributyl <> tribu
tributyltin <> tribu
tricalcium <> trika
tricar <> üç 
tricarboxylic <> Trika
trice <> çırpı
trice <> an
tricep <> trise
triceps <> üç
triceps <> üç 
triceratops <> Trice
trichiasis <> triki
trichina <> trişi
trichinella <> Trich
trichinosis <> trişi
trichloracetic <> trikl
trichlorethylene <> trikl
trichloride <> trikl
trichloroacetic <> trikl
trichloroethane <> trikl
trichloroethylene <> trikl
trichoepithelioma <> triko
trichoglossus <> Trich
trichological <> triko
trichology <> saç 
trichome <> diken
trichome <> kıl
trichome <> pul
trichomoniasis <> triko
trichophyton <> Trich
trichord <> üç 
trichosporon <> Trich
trichostrongylus <> Trich
trichothecene <> triko
trichotillomania <> triko
trichotomy <> üçe 
trichromatic <> trikr
trichromic <> trikr
tricipital <> trise
trick <> çalım
trick <> üçkâğ
trick <> aldat
trick <> azizl
trick <> cinse
trick <> dümen
trick <> dalav
trick <> el 
trick <> fahiş
trick <> faka
trick <> güzel
trick <> hile
trick <> hilel
trick <> işin
trick <> kötü
trick <> kandı
trick <> kurna
trick <> marif
trick <> muzip
trick <> numar
trick <> oyun
trick <> oyuna
trick <> oyund
trick <> püf 
tricked <> kandı
tricker <> Trick
trickery <> üçkâğ
trickery <> düzen
trickery <> hile
trickery <> hilek
trickery <> kandı
trickier <> yanıl
trickiness <> aldat
trickiness <> güven
trickiness <> tekin
tricking <> kandı
trickish <> üçkâğ
trickish <> aldat
trickish <> hilel
trickish <> ince
trickish <> nazik
trickish <> zor
trickle <> akıtm
trickle <> damla
trickle <> sızma
trickle <> yavaş
trickle <> yuvar
trickled <> damla
trickling <> damla
tricks <> hilel
trickster <> üçkâğ
trickster <> dümen
trickster <> düzen
trickster <> dalav
trickster <> hileb
trickster <> hilek
trickster <> kazık
trickster <> oyunc
tricksters <> Düzen
tricksy <> üçkâğ
tricksy <> aldat
tricksy <> güç
tricksy <> hilel
tricksy <> ince
tricksy <> muzip
tricksy <> numar
tricksy <> oyunb
tricksy <> oyunc
tricky <> üçkâğ
tricky <> aldat
tricky <> düzen
tricky <> hilel
tricky <> ince
tricky <> kurna
tricky <> nazik
tricky <> oyunc
triclinic <> Trikl
tricolor <> üç
tricolor <> üç 
tricolour <> üç 
tricolours <> trico
tricot <> örgü
tricot <> triko
tricots <> triko
tricuspid <> trikü
tricycle <> üç
tricycle <> üç 
tricycles <> üç
tricyclic <> trisi
tricyclics <> trisi
triddlers <> Tridd
trident <> çatal
trident <> üç 
trident <> Neptü
tried <> arıtı
tried <> denen
tried <> güven
tried <> sınan
triennial <> üç
triennial <> üç 
triennially <> yılda
triennials <> trien
triennium <> üç 
tries <> çalış
triest <> Tries
triethyl <> triet
triethylamine <> triet
triffids <> Triff
trifle <> önems
trifle <> üşeng
trifle <> az 
trifle <> boş 
trifle <> değer
trifle <> hafif
trifle <> küçük
trifle <> oyala
trifle <> pandi
trifle <> ucuz
trifler <> avare
trifler <> havai
trifler <> işini
trifles <> ıvır
trifles <> küçük
trifling <> önems
trifling <> üstün
trifling <> hoppa
trifling <> küçük
trifling <> saçma
trifluoperazine <> trifl
trifluoromethyl <> trifl
trifocals <> üç
trifoliate <> üç 
trifoliolate <> üç 
trifolium <> yonca
triforium <> üçüz
trifurcate <> üç 
trifurcates <> üç 
trifurcation <> trifu
trig <> şık
trig <> teker
trig <> temiz
trig <> trigo
trigger <> başla
trigger <> dekla
trigger <> neden
trigger <> tetik
triggered <> tetik
triggering <> tetik
triggerman <> tetik
triggermen <> tetik
triggers <> tetik
triglot <> üç 
triglyceride <> trigl
triglycerides <> trigl
trigo <> Trigo
trigon <> üçgen
trigonal <> üç
trigone <> trigo
trigonella <> Trigo
trigonometric <> trigo
trigonometrical <> trigo
trigonometry <> trigo
trigraph <> tek
trigraph <> tek 
trigraphs <> trigr
trihalomethanes <> triha
trihedral <> üç 
trihydroxy <> trihi
triiodothyronine <> triiy
triking <> Triki
trilateral <> üç 
trilateral <> üçlü
trilateration <> trila
trilbies <> ayakl
trilby <> fötr
trilinear <> üç 
trilingual <> üç 
triliteral <> üç 
trilith <> üç 
trill <> ötüş
trill <> şakım
trill <> ses
trill <> ses 
trill <> sesi
trill <> sesin
triller <> Trill
trilling <> üçlü
trillion <> trily
trillions <> Trily
trillionth <> trily
trillium <> Trill
trillo <> Trill
trills <> Trill
trilobate <> üç 
trilobite <> trilo
trilobites <> trilo
trilogy <> üç 
trilogy <> üçlü
trilogy <> üçlem
trim <> araba
trim <> ayarl
trim <> azarl
trim <> biçim
trim <> budam
trim <> düzel
trim <> düzen
trim <> düzgü
trim <> derli
trim <> durum
trim <> karış
trim <> süs
trim <> süsle
trim <> uçlar
trim <> vitri
trim <> yelke
trim <> yenme
trimers <> trime
trimester <> üç
trimester <> üç 
trimesters <> trime
trimethoprim <> trime
trimethyl <> trime
trimethylamine <> trime
trimetric <> trime
trimmed <> kesil
trimmer <> çıkar
trimmer <> düzen
trimmer <> süsle
trimmer <> yan 
trimmer <> zaman
trimmers <> Düzel
trimming <> akses
trimming <> azar
trimming <> düzel
trimming <> düzen
trimming <> dayak
trimming <> denge
trimming <> garni
trimming <> süs
trimming <> süsle
trimming <> uçlar
trimming <> yenil
trimmings <> abart
trimmings <> kırpı
trimness <> şıklı
trimness <> düzen
trimness <> düzgü
trims <> düzel
trimurti <> Trimu
trine <> üç 
trine <> üçlü
trinitarian <> tesli
trinitrate <> trini
trinitrobenzene <> trini
trinitrotoluene <> trini
trinity <> üçlü
trinity <> kutsa
trinity <> tesli
trink <> Trink
trinket <> ıvır
trinket <> biblo
trinket <> değer
trinket <> incik
trinkets <> ıvır
trinkets <> pılı
trinkle <> Trink
trinomial <> çok 
trinomial <> üç 
trins <> Trins
trinucleotide <> trinü
trio <> üçlü
trio <> triyo
triode <> üç 
triode <> triyo
triodes <> lamba
triolein <> triol
triolet <> sekiz
triones <> Trion
trionyx <> Trion
trios <> trio
triose <> trioz
trioxide <> triok
trip <> çelme
trip <> ayağı
trip <> düşür
trip <> gezi
trip <> gezin
trip <> hafif
trip <> hata
trip <> kasta
trip <> sürçm
trip <> sekme
trip <> seyah
trip <> tökez
trip <> uçma
trip <> uyuşt
trip <> yolcu
tripartism <> Üçlü
tripartite <> üç 
tripartite <> üçlü
tripe <> boş 
tripe <> işkem
tripe <> saçma
tripeptide <> Tripe
tripes <> bağır
triphammer <> ağır
triphase <> üç
triphase <> üç 
triphasic <> trifa
triphenyl <> trife
triphenylphosphonium <> trife
triphosphate <> trifo
triphosphates <> trifo
triphthong <> üç 
triplane <> üst
triplane <> üst 
triple <> üç 
triple <> üçlü
tripled <> üç
triples <> tripl
triplet <> üçüzl
triplet <> üçlü
triplet <> triol
triplets <> üçüz
triplex <> üç
triplex <> üç 
triplex <> üçlü
triplexes <> üçlül
triplicate <> üçü 
triplicate <> üçünc
triplicate <> üç
triplicate <> üç 
triplicity <> üçlü
tripling <> üçe
tripod <> üç 
tripod <> sehpa
tripod <> tripo
tripods <> tripo
tripolis <> Tripo
tripos <> Cambr
tripped <> devre
tripper <> geziy
tripper <> turis
tripping <> çevik
tripping <> açma
tripping <> hafif
tripping <> kıvra
tripping <> röle
tripping <> sende
tripple <> üçlü
trips <> gezil
triptophane <> tript
triptych <> üç
triptych <> üç 
triptyque <> tript
trireme <> üst
trireme <> üst 
trisect <> üçe
trisect <> üçe 
trishaw <> üç 
triskeles <> Trisk
trisodium <> triso
trisomic <> trizo
trisomies <> Trizo
trisomy <> Trizo
trist <> Trist
tristes <> Trist
tristesse <> Trist
trisyllabic <> üç 
trisyllable <> üç 
trite <> basma
trite <> bayat
trite <> eski
triteness <> basma
triteness <> bayat
triterpene <> trite
triticale <> triti
tritium <> trity
triton <> bir 
triton <> helez
triton <> trito
tritone <> üç
tritone <> üç 
tritons <> TRITO
triturate <> öğütm
triturate <> ezip
triturate <> iyi 
trituration <> öğütm
trituration <> ezere
triturus <> Tritu
triumph <> büyük
triumph <> başar
triumph <> utku
triumph <> yenme
triumph <> zafer
triumphal <> zafer
triumphalism <> zafer
triumphalist <> zafer
triumphalists <> muzaf
triumphant <> büyük
triumphant <> galip
triumphant <> mükem
triumphant <> muzaf
triumphant <> zafer
triumphantly <> zafer
triumphed <> zafer
triumphs <> zafer
triumvir <> üç 
triumvir <> trium
triumvirate <> üç
triumvirate <> üç 
triumvirate <> üçlü
triumvirs <> üçlü
triune <> bir
triune <> bir 
trivet <> ayakl
trivet <> saç
trivet <> saç 
trivia <> önems
trivial <> önems
trivial <> abes
trivial <> değer
trivial <> küçük
trivial <> saçma
trivialise <> önems
trivialise <> değer
trivialised <> önems
trivialising <> trivi
trivialities <> önems
triviality <> önems
triviality <> abesl
triviality <> değer
triviality <> saçma
trivialize <> önems
trivialize <> değer
trivialized <> önems
triweekly <> üç 
troat <> bağır
troat <> geyik
trocar <> troka
trocars <> troka
trochanter <> troka
trochanteric <> troka
trochar <> troka
trochars <> troka
trochlea <> trokl
trochlear <> trokl
trocken <> Trock
troctolite <> trokt
troctolites <> trokt
troggs <> Trogg
troglodyte <> ilkel
troglodyte <> köşes
troglodyte <> mağar
trogues <> TROGU
troika <> üç
troika <> üç 
troilus <> Troil
troll <> bağır
troll <> birka
troll <> muzip
troll <> olta
troll <> oltay
troll <> trol
trolled <> kontr
trolleies <> araba
trolley <> el
trolley <> el 
trolley <> servi
trolley <> tramv
trolley <> yük 
trolleybus <> trole
trolleybuses <> trole
trolleys <> araba
trollies <> Troll
trollop <> fahiş
trollop <> pasak
trollop <> sürtü
trolls <> troll
trombicula <> Tromb
trombidiidae <> Tromb
trombone <> tromb
trombones <> tromb
trombonist <> tromb
tromethamine <> trome
trommel <> Tromm
tromometer <> depre
tromometer <> tromo
tromp <> Tromp
troop <> bölük
troop <> birli
troop <> cemaa
troop <> izci
troop <> süvar
troop <> topla
troop <> toplu
trooper <> asker
trooper <> atlı
trooper <> süvar
trooper <> troop
troopers <> asker
trooping <> yürüy
troops <> asker
troops <> birli
troopship <> asker
trope <> kinay
trope <> mecaz
trophic <> besle
trophic <> gıda
trophic <> trofi
trophies <> kupa
trophoblast <> trofo
trophoblastic <> trofo
trophoblasts <> trofo
trophozoite <> trofo
trophozoites <> trofo
trophy <> av 
trophy <> ganim
trophy <> hayva
trophy <> zafer
tropic <> dönen
tropic <> tropi
tropical <> çok 
tropical <> tropi
tropicalised <> tropi
tropicalized <> tropi
tropically <> mecaz
tropics <> sıcak
tropics <> tropi
tropism <> tropi
tropology <> mecaz
tropomyosin <> tropo
troponins <> tropo
tropopause <> Tropo
troposphere <> tropo
tropospheric <> tropo
trot <> acele
trot <> cevap
trot <> hızlı
trot <> kırıt
trot <> kopya
trot <> tırıs
trot <> tek 
troth <> bağlı
troth <> gerçe
troth <> sadak
trotted <> yürüd
trotter <> paça
trotter <> tırıs
trotters <> ayakl
trotting <> Tırıs
troubadour <> ozan
troubadours <> ozanı
trouble <> üzülm
trouble <> üzünt
trouble <> üzmek
trouble <> aksil
trouble <> arıza
trouble <> belâ
trouble <> bulan
trouble <> canın
trouble <> dert
trouble <> huzur
trouble <> külfe
trouble <> meşak
trouble <> rahat
trouble <> sıkın
trouble <> sorun
trouble <> zahme
troubled <> üzgün
troubled <> bulan
troubled <> rahat
troubled <> sıkın
troublemaker <> baş 
troublemaker <> fitne
troublemaker <> sorun
troublemakers <> belas
troubles <> sorun
troubleshoot <> gider
troubleshooter <> sorun
troubleshooters <> sorun
troubleshooting <> sorun
troubleshoots <> gider
troubleshot <> sorun
troublesome <> bıktı
troublesome <> baş 
troublesome <> belâl
troublesome <> külfe
troublesome <> sıkın
troublesome <> zahme
troublesomeness <> sıkın
troublesomeness <> zahme
troubling <> rahat
troublous <> sıkın
troublous <> zahme
trough <> ani 
trough <> dalga
trough <> oluk
trough <> tekne
trough <> yalak
troughs <> olukl
trounce <> bozgu
trounce <> dövme
trounce <> dayak
trounce <> fırça
trounce <> yenme
trounced <> bozgu
troupe <> tiyat
troupe <> trup
trouper <> Troup
troupes <> grupl
trouser <> panto
trousered <> panto
trousering <> panto
trousers <> panto
trousseau <> çeyiz
trout <> alaba
trouts <> alaba
trove <> defin
trove <> hazin
trover <> kişis
trow <> Trow
trowel <> Malay
trowel <> mala
trowelled <> beton
trowelling <> malal
trowels <> malal
trows <> Trows
trowser <> Trows
troy <> kuyum
truancy <> dersi
truancy <> okulu
truant <> aylak
truant <> dersi
truant <> kaçak
truant <> kayta
truant <> okul
truce <> ara
truce <> ateşk
truce <> mütar
truck <> alışv
truck <> bosta
truck <> değer
truck <> değiş
truck <> direk
truck <> el 
truck <> ilişk
truck <> kamyo
truck <> mal 
truck <> pılı
truck <> takas
truck <> tramp
truck <> yük 
truckage <> kamyo
truckage <> taşım
trucked <> kamyo
trucker <> bosta
trucker <> kamyo
trucker <> sebze
truckers <> kamyo
trucking <> kamyo
truckle <> boyun
truckle <> makar
truckle <> teker
truckle <> yalta
truckload <> kamyo
truckloads <> kamyo
truckman <> bosta
truckman <> kamyo
truckman <> sebze
trucks <> kamyo
truculence <> acıma
truculence <> gadda
truculence <> zalim
truculent <> acıma
truculent <> haşin
truculent <> vahşi
truculent <> zalim
trudge <> yorgu
trudge <> yoruc
trudge <> zorla
trudged <> yürüd
true <> asıl
true <> aslın
true <> doğru
true <> esasl
true <> gerçe
true <> hakik
true <> içten
true <> sadık
true <> safka
true <> sahi
true <> tam
true <> tam 
trueborn <> doğuş
trueborn <> su
trueborn <> su 
trueborn <> tam
truebred <> soylu
trueman <> Truem
trueness <> doğru
trueness <> gerçe
trueness <> içten
trueness <> sadak
trueness <> saflı
trueness <> vefa
trues <> doğru
truest <> Trues
truffle <> yerma
truffles <> domal
truing <> AŞIND
truism <> bilin
truism <> herke
trull <> fahiş
trull <> orosp
truly <> doğru
truly <> gerçe
truly <> hakik
truly <> içten
truly <> sadak
trump <> baba
trump <> baskı
trump <> boru
trump <> gölge
trump <> iyi 
trump <> koz
trump <> koz 
trump <> müthi
trumped <> uydur
trumpery <> boş
trumpery <> değer
trumpery <> süprü
trumpery <> saçma
trumpery <> ucuz
trumpet <> bağır
trumpet <> boru
trumpet <> fil 
trumpet <> ilan
trumpet <> tromp
trumpeted <> lanse
trumpeter <> boraz
trumpeter <> tella
trumpeter <> tromp
trumpets <> tromp
trumps <> koz
truncal <> trunk
truncate <> budam
truncate <> kesme
truncate <> tepes
truncate <> ucu 
truncate <> ucunu
truncated <> kesil
truncates <> keser
truncating <> kısal
truncation <> kesme
truncation <> tepes
truncation <> ucunu
truncheon <> cop
truncheon <> kalın
truncheons <> cop
truncus <> Trunk
trundle <> itere
trundle <> teker
trundle <> yuvar
trunk <> şehir
trunk <> ana 
trunk <> anayo
trunk <> bağla
trunk <> bagaj
trunk <> bavul
trunk <> beden
trunk <> fil 
trunk <> gövde
trunked <> trunk
trunking <> Kanal
trunkings <> Kanal
trunks <> şort
trunks <> kısa
trunks <> mayo
trunnion <> top
trunnion <> top 
truss <> asmak
truss <> bağ
truss <> bağla
truss <> demet
truss <> deste
truss <> fıtık
truss <> ipe 
truss <> köprü
truss <> kasık
truss <> takvi
trussed <> kafes
trusses <> kafes
trust <> ümit
trust <> emane
trust <> güven
trust <> inanc
trust <> inanm
trust <> itima
trust <> kredi
trust <> sorum
trust <> tröst
trust <> ummak
trust <> veres
trustable <> güven
trusted <> güven
trustee <> emane
trustee <> mütev
trustee <> mutem
trustee <> yedie
trustees <> mütev
trusteeship <> Birle
trusteeship <> mütev
trusteeship <> mutem
trusteeship <> vekil
trusteeship <> yedie
trustful <> çabuk
trustful <> güven
trustification <> tröst
trustify <> tröst
trustiness <> sadak
trusting <> çabuk
trusting <> güven
trusts <> tröst
trustworthiness <> güven
trustworthy <> emin
trustworthy <> güven
trustworthy <> inanı
trusty <> emin
trusty <> güven
trusty <> sadık
truth <> dürüs
truth <> doğru
truth <> gerçe
truth <> hakik
truth <> sadak
truth <> tamlı
truth <> vefa
truthful <> doğru
truthful <> gerçe
truthful <> içten
truthful <> samim
truthfully <> dürüs
truthfulness <> doğru
truths <> gerçe
try <> çaba
try <> çalış
try <> atış
try <> denem
try <> gayre
try <> sınam
try <> taşır
try <> tatma
try <> teşeb
try <> yargı
try <> yorma
trying <> çalış
trying <> üzücü
trying <> kalkı
trying <> sıkıc
trying <> sabrı
trying <> uğraş
trying <> yoruc
trying <> zahme
tryp <> Tryp
trypsin <> trips
trypsinized <> trips
trypsinogen <> trips
tryptamines <> tript
tryptic <> Trypt
tryptophane <> tript
trysail <> yan
trysail <> yan 
tryst <> buluş
tryst <> rande
tsar <> çar
tsardom <> çarlı
tsarina <> çariç
tsarism <> çarcı
tsarist <> çar
tsarist <> çar 
tsaristic <> çar 
tsars <> Çarla
tsetse <> çeçe
tsotsi <> Tsots
tsunamis <> tsuna
tuart <> Tuart
tub <> banyo
tub <> dekov
tub <> fıçı
tub <> fıçıy
tub <> kürek
tub <> küvet
tub <> tekne
tub <> varil
tub <> yayık
tuba <> tuba
tubby <> boğuk
tubby <> fıçı
tubby <> tıkna
tube <> boru
tube <> iç 
tube <> katot
tube <> metro
tube <> tünel
tube <> tüp
tube <> telev
tubectomy <> fallo
tubed <> tüplü
tubeless <> iç 
tubeless <> tüble
tuber <> yumru
tubercle <> küçuk
tubercle <> kabar
tubercle <> tüber
tubercle <> yumru
tubercles <> tüber
tubercular <> boğum
tubercular <> tüber
tubercular <> verem
tubercular <> yumru
tubercule <> tüber
tuberculin <> tüber
tuberculoid <> Tüber
tuberculoma <> tüber
tuberculomas <> tüber
tuberculoses <> tüber
tuberculosis <> tüber
tuberculosis <> verem
tuberculous <> boğum
tuberculous <> tüber
tuberculous <> verem
tuberculous <> yumru
tuberose <> sümbü
tuberose <> yumru
tuberosity <> ur
tuberosity <> yumru
tuberous <> yumru
tubers <> yumru
tubes <> tüple
tubifex <> Tubif
tubing <> boru
tubing <> borul
tubings <> borul
tubman <> Tubma
tuboplasty <> tubop
tubs <> küvet
tubular <> boru
tubular <> borul
tubule <> boruc
tubule <> küçük
tubules <> tübül
tuch <> arama
tuck <> çörek
tuck <> börek
tuck <> gemin
tuck <> kıstı
tuck <> kıvır
tuck <> kıvrı
tuck <> kambu
tuck <> katla
tuck <> pli
tuck <> sıkış
tuck <> sokma
tuck <> tıkış
tuck <> tıkma
tuck <> tepme
tuck <> yiyec
tucked <> sıkış
tucker <> korse
tucker <> plise
tucker <> tıkış
tucker <> yorma
tucking <> tıkın
tuckshop <> börek
tuckshop <> pasta
tues <> Salı
tufa <> sünge
tufa <> tüf
tufaceous <> sünge
tufaceous <> tüfsü
tuff <> sünge
tuff <> tüf
tuffaceous <> tüflü
tuffs <> tüf
tuft <> öbek
tuft <> demet
tuft <> küme
tuft <> püskü
tuft <> perçe
tuft <> sorgu
tuft <> tutam
tufted <> küme
tufted <> sorgu
tufted <> tepel
tufthunter <> asala
tufthunter <> beleş
tufthunter <> dalka
tufthunter <> soylu
tufting <> tafti
tufts <> Tufts
tufty <> öbek
tufty <> küme
tufty <> püskü
tufty <> sorgu
tufty <> tepel
tug <> çabal
tug <> çekiş
tug <> çekme
tug <> asılm
tug <> gayre
tug <> mücâd
tug <> römor
tug <> sürük
tug <> uğraş
tugan <> Tugan
tugboat <> römor
tugboats <> römor
tugged <> çekiş
tugging <> asıla
tughra <> Tughr
tugra <> tuğra
tui <> TUI
tuina <> Tuina
tuition <> öğret
tuition <> ders
tuition <> okul
tuitional <> öğret
tuitionary <> öğret
tuitions <> öğren
tularemia <> tular
tulip <> lâle
tulips <> lalel
tulle <> ipek
tulle <> tül
tulles <> tülle
tum <> karın
tum <> mide
tumble <> bozma
tumble <> dönme
tumble <> düşüş
tumble <> düşme
tumble <> dağıt
tumble <> devri
tumble <> karış
tumble <> peren
tumble <> takla
tumble <> tepet
tumble <> yıkıl
tumble <> yuvar
tumblebugs <> Tumbl
tumbled <> Eskit
tumbledown <> köhne
tumbledown <> yıkık
tumbler <> büyük
tumbler <> hacıy
tumbler <> peren
tumbler <> su 
tumbler <> takla
tumbler <> tetik
tumbleweed <> Tumbl
tumbleweeds <> yaban
tumbrel <> at 
tumbrel <> cepha
tumbrel <> kağnı
tumbrel <> suçlu
tumefacient <> şişen
tumefacient <> şişir
tumefaction <> şiş
tumefaction <> şişir
tumefaction <> şişme
tumefaction <> kabar
tumefy <> şişir
tumefy <> şişme
tumefy <> kabar
tumescence <> şişki
tumescent <> şişen
tumescent <> kabar
tumid <> şataf
tumid <> şişki
tumid <> şişmi
tumid <> kabar
tumid <> tumtu
tumidity <> şataf
tumidity <> şişki
tumidity <> debde
tummy <> karın
tummy <> mide
tumor <> tümör
tumor <> ur
tumoral <> tümör
tumorigenesis <> tümör
tumorous <> tümör
tumors <> tümör
tumour <> tümör
tumour <> ur
tumours <> tümör
tums <> TUMS
tumuli <> tümül
tumult <> gürül
tumult <> hengâ
tumult <> karga
tumult <> patır
tumultuary <> gürül
tumultuary <> karga
tumultuous <> gürül
tumultuous <> karga
tumultuous <> patır
tumulus <> höyük
tumuluses <> Tümül
tun <> şarap
tun <> bira
tun <> tun
tuna <> ton
tuna <> tonba
tunability <> mişti
tunable <> akort
tunas <> yüzge
tundish <> Tandi
tundras <> Tundr
tune <> ahenk
tune <> akort
tune <> ayarl
tune <> ezgi
tune <> istas
tune <> makam
tune <> melod
tune <> nağme
tune <> uydur
tune <> uyum
tune <> uyuml
tune <> yolun
tuneable <> arası
tuneful <> ahenk
tuneful <> güzel
tuneful <> hoş
tuneful <> uyuml
tuneless <> ahenk
tuneless <> nağme
tuneless <> sessi
tuneless <> uyums
tuner <> akort
tuner <> istas
tuner <> kanal
tuner <> tuner
tuners <> tuner
tuneup <> TuneU
tungstate <> tungs
tungsten <> tungs
tungsten <> volfr
tunic <> ceket
tunic <> gömle
tunic <> tünik
tunic <> tohum
tunica <> gömle
tunica <> kılıf
tunicata <> Tunic
tunicate <> gömle
tunicates <> gömle
tunicle <> zarfç
tunics <> tunik
tuning <> akort
tuning <> ayar
tuning <> ayarl
tuning <> istas
tuning <> uydur
tunnel <> galer
tunnel <> tünel
tunneled <> tünel
tunneling <> tünel
tunnelled <> tünel
tunnelling <> tünel
tunnels <> tünel
tunny <> orkin
tunny <> tonba
tup <> çiftl
tup <> şahme
tup <> koç
tup <> tos 
tuppence <> önems
tuppence <> iki
tuppence <> iki 
tuppenny <> önems
tuppenny <> iki 
tupungato <> Tupun
turban <> sarık
turban <> türba
turbaned <> sarık
turbaned <> türba
turbans <> türba
turbid <> çamur
turbid <> bulan
turbid <> karış
turbid <> tortu
turbid <> yoğun
turbidimeter <> Turbi
turbidimeters <> turbi
turbidimetric <> türbi
turbidimetry <> türbi
turbidite <> türbi
turbidites <> türbi
turbidities <> Türbi
turbidity <> bulan
turbidity <> karış
turbidity <> yoğun
turbinate <> konka
turbinates <> konka
turbine <> türbi
turbines <> türbi
turbocharge <> Turbo
turbocharged <> turbo
turbocharger <> turbo
turbochargers <> turbo
turbocharging <> turbo
turbofans <> turbo
turbojet <> turbo
turbojets <> turbo
turbomachinery <> Türbo
turbos <> turbo
turboshaft <> turbo
turbot <> kalka
turbots <> kalka
turbulator <> türbü
turbulators <> türbü
turbulence <> gürül
turbulence <> hava
turbulence <> karış
turbulence <> karga
turbulence <> türbü
turbulences <> türbü
turbulent <> çalka
turbulent <> fırtı
turbulent <> gürül
turbulent <> kavga
turbulent <> türbü
turcomen <> Türkm
turd <> bok
turd <> bok 
turd <> dışkı
turd <> tezek
turdus <> Turdu
tureen <> çorba
turf <> çeten
turf <> çim
turf <> çim 
turf <> çimen
turf <> hipod
turf <> kesek
turf <> turba
turfan <> Turfa
turfite <> at 
turfy <> çim 
turfy <> çimen
turfy <> at 
turgescence <> şiş
turgescence <> şişir
turgescence <> şişli
turgescence <> abart
turgescent <> şişir
turgescent <> şişki
turgescent <> abart
turgid <> şiş
turgid <> şişmi
turgid <> abart
turgid <> mübâl
turgidness <> şiş 
turgidness <> şişki
turgidness <> abart
turion <> Turio
turistas <> Turis
turistic <> turis
turk <> Türk
turkey <> Türki
turkey <> başar
turkey <> fiyas
turkey <> hindi
turkeys <> hindi
turkis <> türk
turkle <> Turkl
turkomen <> Türkm
turks <> Türkl
turm <> Turm
turmaline <> turma
turmeric <> hints
turmeric <> zerde
turmoil <> gürül
turmoil <> hengâ
turmoil <> karga
turmoil <> telaş
turmoils <> çalka
turn <> çark
turn <> çevir
turn <> şekil
turn <> amaç
turn <> atlat
turn <> bozul
turn <> bulan
turn <> burkm
turn <> dönüş
turn <> dönüm
turn <> döndü
turn <> dönme
turn <> düşün
turn <> davra
turn <> değiş
turn <> eğili
turn <> ekşim
turn <> etkil
turn <> fırsa
turn <> geçme
turn <> korku
turn <> muame
turn <> nöbet
turn <> olmak
turn <> peren
turn <> sıra
turn <> sapma
turn <> sarım
turn <> ters
turn <> vazge
turn <> yönel
turnable <> çevri
turnable <> döner
turnabout <> atlık
turnabout <> dönek
turnabout <> geri
turnabout <> ters
turnaround <> dönüş
turnaround <> geri
turnaround <> reviz
turnarounds <> süred
turnbuckle <> çeki
turncoat <> dönek
turndown <> devri
turned <> dönük
turned <> döndü
turned <> kıvrı
turned <> katla
turned <> torna
turner <> beden
turner <> döndü
turner <> torna
turners <> eviri
turnery <> torna
turney <> Turne
turnhalle <> Turnh
turning <> çevir
turning <> dönüş
turning <> döndü
turning <> dönem
turning <> dönen
turning <> döner
turning <> dönme
turning <> köşe
turning <> torna
turnings <> torna
turnip <> şalga
turnip <> cep 
turnips <> şalga
turnkey <> anaht
turnkey <> gardi
turnkey <> zinda
turnoff <> ürün
turnoff <> sapak
turnon <> turnO
turnout <> üreti
turnout <> dönem
turnout <> grev
turnout <> grevc
turnout <> kıyaf
turnout <> katıl
turnout <> malze
turnout <> sapak
turnout <> tâli
turnout <> verim
turnout <> yol 
turnouts <> katıl
turnover <> devir
turnover <> devri
turnover <> eksil
turnover <> fire
turnover <> iş 
turnover <> meyve
turnover <> satış
turnovers <> cirol
turnpike <> geçiş
turnpike <> paral
turns <> döner
turnscrew <> torna
turnspit <> döner
turnspit <> kebap
turnstile <> turni
turnstiles <> turni
turntable <> döner
turntables <> turnt
turnup <> şans
turnup <> duble
turnup <> kalkı
turnup <> katla
turonian <> Turon
turpentine <> neft
turpentine <> tereb
turpin <> Turpi
turpitude <> ahlak
turpitude <> alçak
turps <> neft
turquoise <> firuz
turquoise <> turku
turret <> küçük
turret <> taret
turret <> torna
turret <> uçağı
turreted <> kulel
turreted <> taret
turrets <> taret
turs <> TUR
tursiops <> Tursi
turtle <> deniz
turtle <> kaplu
turtle <> kumru
turtle <> su 
turtle <> yusuf
turtleback <> Turtl
turtledove <> üveyi
turtledove <> kumru
turtledove <> yusuf
turtledoves <> kumru
turtleneck <> balık
turtleneck <> dik 
turtlenecks <> Boğaz
turtles <> kaplu
tush <> şişt
tush <> sus
tusk <> fildi
tusk <> uzun
tusked <> uzun
tusker <> uzun
tusks <> dişle
tusky <> uzun
tussive <> öksür
tussle <> cebel
tussle <> mücâd
tussle <> uğraş
tussock <> çimen
tussock <> ot
tussock <> ot 
tussock <> sağ 
tussocky <> topak
tussore <> kaba
tussore <> tüsor
tut <> cik
tut <> cik 
tutelage <> korum
tutelage <> vasil
tutelage <> vesay
tutelar <> hami
tutelar <> koruy
tutelar <> vasi
tutelar <> vesay
tutelary <> hami
tutelary <> koruy
tutelary <> vasi
tutelary <> vesay
tutor <> özel
tutor <> asist
tutor <> ders
tutor <> vasi
tutoress <> özel
tutoress <> müreb
tutorial <> Öğret
tutorial <> özel
tutorials <> öğret
tutoring <> ders
tutors <> Eğitm
tutorship <> özel
tutorship <> vasil
tutorship <> vesay
tutty <> Tutty
tutu <> bale
tutu <> tüt
tutus <> Tutuş
tuxedo <> smoki
tuxedos <> smoki
tuzz <> Tuzz
twa <> TWA
twaddle <> gevez
twaddle <> saçma
twaddle <> zırva
twain <> iki
twain <> iki 
twaite <> Tirsi
twang <> çalma
twang <> geniz
twang <> genzi
twang <> tıngı
twang <> tel 
twas <> işare
tway <> Tway
tweak <> çimdi
tweakers <> tweak
twee <> fazla
twee <> tuhaf
tweed <> tüvit
tweed <> yün 
tweedledee <> Tweed
tweeling <> Tweel
tween <> ara
tweenies <> Tween
tweens <> ikizl
tweeny <> hizme
tweet <> cıvıl
tweeter <> tweet
tweeter <> yükse
tweeters <> tweet
tweeting <> Tweet
tweeze <> Cımbı
tweezer <> cımbı
tweezers <> cımbı
twelfth <> oniki
twelfthly <> oniki
twelve <> oniki
twelvemonth <> oniki
twelves <> Twelv
twelveth <> on 
twenties <> yirmi
twentieth <> yirmi
twenty <> yirmi
twerp <> ahmak
twerp <> aptal
twerp <> kıl 
twice <> iki
twice <> iki 
twicer <> dolan
twiddle <> çevir
twiddle <> döndü
twiddler <> Raket
twiddlers <> raket
twiddling <> çevir
twig <> çakma
twig <> anlam
twig <> dal
twig <> ince
twig <> incel
twig <> kavra
twig <> maden
twig <> sürgü
twiggers <> Twigg
twigs <> Dalla
twilight <> çöküş
twilight <> alaca
twilight <> seher
twilight <> tan
twilight <> zayıf
twill <> fitil
twill <> kabar
twills <> gabar
twin <> çift
twin <> ikiz
twin <> ikizl
twine <> örmek
twine <> bükül
twine <> bükme
twine <> bulaş
twine <> kıvrı
twine <> sarıl
twine <> sarma
twine <> sicim
twiner <> bükme
twiner <> sarma
twines <> ipler
twinge <> sancı
twining <> Twini
twinkle <> ışıld
twinkle <> ışılt
twinkle <> göz 
twinkle <> pırıl
twinkle <> parıl
twinkle <> parla
twinkle <> titre
twinkles <> ışıld
twinkling <> göz 
twinkling <> pırıl
twinkling <> titre
twinklings <> parıl
twinned <> ikiz
twinning <> eşleş
twinnings <> Eşleş
twins <> İkizl
twins <> ikizl
twinship <> ikizl
twirl <> çevir
twirl <> burma
twirl <> döndü
twirl <> fırıl
twirl <> kıvrı
twirly <> Kıvrı
twist <> çarpı
twist <> bükül
twist <> büklü
twist <> bükme
twist <> burkm
twist <> burku
twist <> burma
twist <> dönem
twist <> dönme
twist <> düğüm
twist <> dolam
twist <> eğili
twist <> girda
twist <> ibriş
twist <> ip
twist <> kıvır
twist <> kıvrı
twist <> kıvra
twist <> sarma
twist <> tvist
twist <> viraj
twist <> yeni
twisted <> çarpı
twisted <> şaşır
twisted <> şaşkı
twisted <> bükül
twisted <> burma
twisted <> eğri
twisted <> kıvrı
twisted <> karga
twister <> şaşır
twister <> büküc
twister <> hilek
twister <> hortu
twister <> iplik
twister <> kasır
twister <> yalan
twister <> yuvar
twister <> zor 
twisters <> büküm
twisting <> burul
twisting <> döndü
twisting <> kıvır
twisting <> kıvrı
twists <> katla
twisty <> şaşır
twisty <> bükül
twisty <> dönen
twisty <> hilel
twisty <> kıvrı
twisty <> yalan
twit <> aptal
twit <> azarl
twit <> budal
twit <> kızdı
twit <> sataş
twit <> yüzün
twitch <> ayrık
twitch <> birde
twitch <> burun
twitch <> kapma
twitch <> kopar
twitch <> seğir
twitch <> tik
twitched <> seğir
twitching <> seğir
twitchings <> seğir
twitted <> Twitt
twitter <> cıvıl
twitter <> heyec
twitter <> kıkır
twitter <> kıs 
twitter <> sesi
twittered <> cıvıl
twitterer <> Twitt
twitterers <> Twitt
twittering <> kıs
twittering <> kıs 
twitters <> cıvıl
twizzle <> Twizz
two <> iki
two <> ikili
twofold <> iki
twofold <> iki 
twopence <> önems
twopence <> az 
twopence <> iki
twopence <> iki 
twopenny <> adi
twopenny <> iki
twopenny <> iki 
twos <> ikişe
twoseater <> iki 
twosome <> çift
twosome <> iki 
twp <> Twp
tyche <> Tyche
tycoon <> kodam
tycoon <> kral
tycoon <> tycoo
tycoon <> zengi
tycoons <> kodam
tyer <> Tyer
tyers <> Tyers
tyger <> Tyger
tying <> bağla
tyke <> Yorks
tyke <> it
tyke <> it 
tyke <> sokak
tympan <> alın
tympan <> baskı
tympana <> alınl
tympanal <> Kulak
tympani <> timpa
tympanic <> kulak
tympanic <> sesi
tympanic <> timpa
tympanitis <> ortak
tympanoplasty <> timpa
tympanum <> alın
tympanum <> kulak
tympanum <> timpa
tympany <> timpa
type <> örnek
type <> cins
type <> dakti
type <> matba
type <> model
type <> sembo
type <> simge
type <> türü
type <> tür
type <> tip
typecast <> hep 
typecast <> typec
typed <> Yazıl
typed <> dakti
typeface <> harf
typeface <> yazı
typefaces <> yazı
types <> türle
typescripts <> klavy
typesetter <> dizgi
typesetter <> müret
typesetters <> MÜRET
typesetting <> dizgi
typewrite <> dakti
typewriter <> dakti
typewriter <> yazı
typewriters <> dakti
typewritten <> dakti
typha <> Typha
typhlopidae <> Typhl
typhoid <> karah
typhoid <> tifo
typhon <> Typho
typhoon <> kasır
typhoon <> tayfu
typhoons <> tayfu
typhus <> lekel
typhus <> tifüs
typical <> özgün
typical <> karak
typical <> kendi
typical <> tipik
typicalities <> tipik
typically <> tipik
typicalness <> özgün
typicalness <> karak
typicalness <> tipik
typified <> tipik
typifies <> simge
typify <> belir
typify <> simge
typing <> Yazar
typing <> dakti
typist <> dakti
typist <> kâtip
typographed <> tipog
typographer <> dizgi
typographer <> matba
typographic <> baskı
typographic <> dizgi
typographical <> tipog
typographically <> tipog
typographies <> tipog
typography <> basım
typography <> matba
typography <> tipog
typological <> tipol
typologically <> tipol
typologies <> tipol
typology <> insan
typology <> tipol
typos <> yazım
tyramine <> tiram
tyrannic <> acıma
tyrannic <> gadda
tyrannic <> zalim
tyrannical <> acıma
tyrannical <> gadda
tyrannical <> zalim
tyrannicide <> zalim
tyrannize <> baskı
tyrannize <> eziye
tyrannize <> ezmek
tyrannize <> zulme
tyrannizing <> ezmek
tyrannosaurus <> Tyran
tyrannous <> acıma
tyrannous <> zalim
tyranny <> tiran
tyranny <> zorba
tyranny <> zulüm
tyrant <> despo
tyrant <> tiran
tyrant <> zalim
tyrants <> zorba
tyre <> araba
tyre <> bıkma
tyre <> bıktı
tyre <> başör
tyre <> dekor
tyre <> elbis
tyre <> giysi
tyre <> lâsti
tyre <> lasti
tyre <> süsle
tyre <> teker
tyre <> usanm
tyre <> yorma
tyre <> yorul
tyred <> teker
tyres <> lasti
tyring <> çalış
tyro <> acemi
tyrol <> Tirol
tyros <> Tyros
tyrosin <> tiroz
tyrosinase <> tiroz
tyrosine <> tiroz
tzar <> çar
tzarina <> çariç
tzarism <> çarcı
tzarist <> çar
tzarist <> çar 
tzaristic <> çar 
tzaritza <> çariç
tzatziki <> cacık
tzigane <> Tziga
ubiety <> mevki
ubiety <> yer
ubiquitin <> ubiki
ubiquitous <> her
ubiquitous <> her 
ubiquitously <> herza
ubiquity <> aynı
udder <> meme
udderless <> annes
udderless <> memes
udders <> memel
udo <> Udo
udometer <> yağmu
uds <> UDS
ufo <> belir
ufo <> uçan
ufo <> ufo
ugh <> öf
ugh <> of
uglies <> çirki
ugliest <> çirki
uglify <> çirki
ugliness <> çirki
ugliness <> iğren
ugly <> çirki
ugly <> biçim
ugly <> fırtı
ugly <> huysu
ugly <> iğren
ugly <> kötü
ugly <> surat
ugly <> tatsı
ugs <> UGS
uh <> ah
uhlan <> Alman
uhuru <> Uhuru
ukase <> Rus 
ukase <> emir
ukulele <> havai
ulama <> ulema
ulcer <> ülser
ulcer <> ahlâk
ulcer <> yara
ulcerate <> ülser
ulcerated <> ülser
ulcerates <> ülser
ulcerating <> ülser
ulceration <> ülser
ulcerations <> ülser
ulcerative <> ülser
ulcerogenic <> ülser
ulcerous <> ülser
ulcerous <> ahlâk
ulcers <> ülser
ulexite <> üleks
uliginose <> çamur
ullage <> boş 
ullage <> fire
ulmaceous <> karaa
ulmus <> Karaa
ulna <> dirse
ulnar <> dirse
ulnar <> ulnar
ulster <> uzun
ulterior <> ötede
ulterior <> gizli
ulterior <> sonra
ulterior <> uzakt
ultima <> son
ultima <> son 
ultimate <> en 
ultimate <> esas
ultimate <> nihai
ultimate <> son
ultimately <> en 
ultimately <> enind
ultimation <> Ultim
ultimatum <> ültim
ultimatums <> ültim
ultimo <> geçen
ultimo <> ultim
ultra <> aşırı
ultra <> aşkın
ultra <> radik
ultra <> uç 
ultra <> ultra
ultrabasic <> ultra
ultrabasics <> Ultra
ultracentrifugation <> ultra
ultracentrifuge <> ultra
ultracentrifuged <> ultra
ultracentrifuges <> ultra
ultracompact <> ultra
ultraefficient <> Çok v
ultrafiltered <> Ultra
ultrafiltration <> ultra
ultraheat <> Aeon
ultrahigh <> çok 
ultraism <> aşırı
ultramafic <> ultra
ultramarathon <> · Ult
ultramarine <> deniz
ultramarine <> lâciv
ultramarine <> laciv
ultramodern <> ultra
ultranationalist <> aşırı
ultranationalists <> aşırı
ultraprecise <> Ultra
ultrapure <> saf
ultrarapid <> ultra
ultrarelativistic <> ultra
ultrasafe <> Ultra
ultrasensitive <> ultra
ultrasharp <> Ultra
ultraslick <> Ultra
ultraslow <> ULTRA
ultrasmooth <> Ultra
ultrasonic <> sesöt
ultrasonic <> seste
ultrasonic <> ultra
ultrasonically <> ultra
ultrasonics <> ultra
ultrasonographic <> ultra
ultrasonographies <> ultra
ultrasonography <> ultra
ultrasound <> Ultra
ultraspeed <> Ultra
ultrastructural <> ultra
ultrastructurally <> ultra
ultrastructure <> ince
ultrathin <> ultra
ultraviolence <> Ultra
ultraviolet <> ültra
ultraviolet <> moröt
ululate <> ferya
ululate <> uluma
ululation <> ferya
ululation <> uluma
ulva <> Ulva
umbel <> şemsi
umbel <> umbel
umbellifer <> şemsi
umbelliferae <> Umbel
umber <> koyu
umber <> ombra
umbilic <> umbil
umbilical <> göbek
umbilicalis <> umbil
umbilicated <> umbli
umbilicus <> eğrin
umbilicus <> göbek
umbra <> güneş
umbra <> tam
umbra <> tam 
umbrage <> ağaç
umbrage <> alınm
umbrage <> gücen
umbrage <> içerl
umbrageous <> şüphe
umbrageous <> alıng
umbrageous <> gölge
umbrella <> şemsi
umbrella <> korum
umbrella <> koruy
umbrellas <> şemsi
umbrello <> Umbre
umlaut <> üzeri
umlaut <> harfi
umlauts <> umlau
ummah <> ümmet
umpire <> hakem
umpire <> yargı
umpires <> hakem
umpteen <> çok
umpteen <> birço
umpteen <> sayıs
umpteenth <> çok
umpteenth <> sayıs
umptieth <> çok
umptieth <> sayıs
un <> bir
un <> un
unabashed <> arsız
unabashed <> küsta
unabashed <> utanm
unabashed <> yüzsü
unabashedly <> arsız
unabated <> şidde
unabated <> hafif
unabating <> aralı
unabating <> arası
unabating <> devam
unabating <> sürek
unabbreviated <> kısal
unable <> aciz
unable <> elind
unable <> gücü
unable <> yapam
unabled <> üreme
unabridged <> özetl
unabridged <> kısal
unabsorbed <> emilm
unaccented <> vurgu
unaccept <> kay
unacceptable <> çekil
unacceptable <> kabul
unacceptably <> kabul
unaccepted <> kabul
unaccessible <> erişi
unaccommodating <> eğilm
unaccommodating <> keyfi
unaccommodating <> rahat
unaccompanied <> refak
unaccompanied <> tek
unaccompanied <> tek 
unaccompanied <> yalnı
unaccomplished <> becer
unaccomplished <> tamam
unaccomplished <> yapıl
unaccomplishment <> başar
unaccountable <> anlaş
unaccountable <> anlat
unaccountable <> esrar
unaccountable <> sorum
unaccountably <> anlaş
unaccounted <> hesap
unaccustomed <> alışı
unaccustomed <> alışm
unaccustomed <> tuhaf
unachievable <> başar
unachievable <> erişi
unachievable <> ulaşı
unachievable <> yapıl
unachieved <> başar
unachieved <> tamam
unacknowledged <> cevap
unacknowledged <> kayna
unacknowledged <> onayl
unacquainted <> bilme
unacquainted <> tanış
unacquainted <> tanım
unactable <> oynan
unactable <> sahne
unadaptability <> uyums
unadaptable <> kulla
unadaptable <> uyarl
unadaptable <> uygun
unadaptable <> uyums
unadapted <> uygun
unadapted <> uyums
unaddressed <> adres
unadjustable <> uzunl
unadjusted <> düzel
unadorned <> süsle
unadorned <> süssü
unadorned <> sade
unadulterated <> hiles
unadulterated <> katkı
unadulterated <> saf
unadventurous <> macer
unadvertised <> yayın
unadvisable <> öneri
unadvisable <> tavsi
unadvised <> düşün
unadvised <> fikir
unadvised <> patav
unadvised <> tavsi
unadvised <> tedbi
unaffected <> değiş
unaffected <> doğal
unaffected <> etkil
unaffected <> içten
unaffected <> yapma
unaffectedness <> doğal
unaffectedness <> içten
unaffectedness <> samim
unaffordable <> satın
unafraid <> korkm
unafraid <> korku
unaggregated <> Ayrı
unai <> Unai
unaided <> çıpla
unaided <> tek 
unaided <> yardı
unaids <> UNAID
unaired <> haval
unaired <> havas
unaired <> ortay
unalienable <> devre
unalienable <> elden
unaligned <> Hizal
unallied <> ilgis
unallied <> ilişk
unallocated <> ayrıl
unallowed <> isten
unalloyed <> katış
unalloyed <> katık
unalloyed <> saf
unalloyed <> tam
unalterable <> değiş
unaltered <> değiş
unambiguous <> açık
unambiguous <> kesin
unambiguous <> tam
unambiguously <> açıkç
unamenable <> başın
unamenable <> sorum
unamenable <> tabi
unamenable <> yüküm
unamended <> ıslah
unamended <> düzel
unamended <> değiş
unamiable <> dostç
unamiable <> sevim
unamusing <> eğlen
unamusing <> tatsı
unamusing <> zevks
unanimated <> Unani
unanimity <> birli
unanimity <> fikir
unanimity <> oybir
unanimous <> aynı
unanimous <> mütte
unanimous <> oybir
unanimously <> oybir
unannounced <> bekle
unannounced <> bildi
unannounced <> duyur
unannounced <> haber
unanswerable <> çözüm
unanswerable <> çürüt
unanswerable <> cevap
unanswerable <> itira
unanswered <> cevap
unanswered <> karşı
unanticipated <> bekle
unappealable <> temyi
unappealing <> zevks
unappeasable <> amans
unappeasable <> sakin
unappeasable <> yatış
unappetizing <> iştah
unapplied <> ayrıl
unapplied <> tahsi
unappreciated <> hesab
unappreciated <> takdi
unappreciative <> değer
unapproachable <> erişi
unapproachable <> ulaşı
unapproachable <> yakla
unappropriate <> uygun
unappropriated <> kulla
unappropriated <> sahip
unappropriated <> tahsi
unapproved <> izin
unapproved <> onayl
unapt <> anlay
unapt <> eğili
unapt <> olası
unapt <> uygun
unarchived <> arşiv
unargued <> itira
unargued <> tartı
unarm <> silâh
unarmed <> korum
unarmed <> silâh
unarmed <> silah
unarmored <> blend
unarmored <> zırhs
unarmoured <> blend
unarmoured <> zırhs
unarranged <> önced
unarranged <> tesad
unary <> tek
unascertainable <> ortay
unascertainable <> soruş
unascertained <> kesin
unashamed <> açık
unashamed <> ortad
unashamed <> utanm
unashamed <> yüzsü
unasked <> davet
unasked <> isten
unasked <> sorul
unaspiring <> okunm
unaspiring <> telaf
unassailable <> şüphe
unassailable <> dil 
unassailable <> itira
unassailable <> saldı
unassailable <> tartı
unassemble <> sökül
unassignable <> devre
unassigned <> atanm
unassisted <> yardı
unassistedly <> yardı
unassuming <> alçak
unassuming <> iddia
unassuming <> mütev
unassured <> kendi
unassured <> sigor
unattached <> bağım
unattached <> bağlı
unattached <> bekâr
unattached <> boşta
unattached <> serbe
unattainable <> elde
unattainable <> ele 
unattainable <> erişi
unattainable <> ulaşı
unattempted <> denen
unattempted <> kalkı
unattempted <> teşeb
unattend <> katıl
unattended <> ihmal
unattended <> refak
unattended <> sahip
unattended <> yalnı
unattested <> doğru
unattested <> kontr
unattested <> onayl
unattested <> resme
unattractive <> çirki
unattractive <> itici
unattractive <> sevim
unaudited <> denet
unauthenticated <> doğru
unauthorised <> resmi
unauthorised <> yetki
unauthorize <> izins
unauthorized <> resmi
unauthorized <> yetki
unavailability <> olmam
unavailable <> müsai
unavailable <> mevcu
unavailable <> yok
unavailing <> boşun
unavailing <> fayda
unavailing <> nafil
unavoidable <> iptal
unavoidable <> kaçın
unavoidable <> zorun
unavoidably <> elind
unavoidably <> kaçın
unaware <> önems
unaware <> dikka
unaware <> farkı
unaware <> haber
unawareness <> bilgi
unawareness <> gafle
unawares <> bilin
unawares <> bilme
unawares <> farkı
unawares <> gafil
unawares <> haber
unbacked <> üzeri
unbacked <> alışt
unbacked <> ciro
unbacked <> deste
unbaked <> çiğ
unbaked <> acemi
unbaked <> pişme
unbaked <> tecrü
unbalance <> akli
unbalance <> denge
unbalanced <> akli
unbalanced <> denge
unbalances <> denge
unbalancing <> denge
unbanning <> banin
unbaptized <> kutsa
unbaptized <> vafti
unbar <> sürgü
unbarbered <> traş
unbarbered <> traşs
unbathed <> ıslat
unbathed <> banyo
unbathed <> yıkan
unbearable <> çekil
unbearable <> dayan
unbearable <> katla
unbearably <> dayan
unbearded <> başak
unbearded <> sakal
unbeatable <> rakip
unbeatably <> eşsiz
unbeaten <> çırpı
unbeaten <> ayak
unbeaten <> dövül
unbeaten <> kırıl
unbeaten <> yenil
unbeating <> çıkış
unbeautiful <> Unbea
unbecoming <> uygun
unbecoming <> uymay
unbecoming <> yakış
unbefitting <> uygun
unbefitting <> yakış
unbefriended <> arkad
unbefriended <> dosts
unbegotten <> doğma
unbeknown <> bilin
unbeknown <> farke
unbeknown <> haber
unbeknown <> meçhu
unbeknown <> tanın
unbeknownst <> bilin
unbeknownst <> farke
unbeknownst <> haber
unbeknownst <> tanın
unbelief <> imans
unbelief <> inanç
unbelievable <> akıl
unbelievable <> inanı
unbelievably <> inanı
unbeliever <> dinsi
unbeliever <> gâvur
unbeliever <> imans
unbeliever <> inanç
unbeliever <> kâfir
unbelievers <> kâfir
unbelieving <> şüphe
unbelieving <> inanç
unbelieving <> inanm
unbelieving <> kâfir
unbelt <> kayış
unbelt <> kemer
unbend <> açılm
unbend <> ciddi
unbend <> düzel
unbend <> doğru
unbend <> fora
unbend <> gevşe
unbend <> rahat
unbend <> yumuş
unbending <> aşırı
unbending <> bükül
unbending <> eğilm
unbending <> inatç
unbending <> sert
unbending <> taviz
unbeseeming <> uygun
unbeseeming <> yakış
unbiased <> taraf
unbiasedness <> yansı
unbiassed <> taraf
unbid <> davet
unbidden <> davet
unbilled <> fatur
unbind <> çözme
unbind <> açmak
unbind <> salma
unbind <> serbe
unbirthday <> UnBir
unbleached <> ağart
unblemished <> hatas
unblemished <> kusur
unblemished <> lekes
unblended <> harma
unblended <> katış
unblended <> saf
unblessed <> melun
unblessed <> takdi
unblind <> Kör
unblinded <> Körle
unblinding <> körle
unblinking <> gözün
unblinking <> göz 
unblinkingly <> gözün
unblinkingly <> heyec
unblock <> deblo
unblock <> engel
unblocking <> Bloka
unblocking <> deblo
unblocks <> önünü
unblooded <> cins
unblooded <> kırma
unbolt <> sürgü
unborn <> doğma
unborn <> henüz
unborn <> müsta
unbosom <> açmak
unbosom <> dökme
unbosom <> itira
unbound <> bağsı
unbound <> başsı
unbound <> cilts
unbound <> serbe
unbounded <> ölçüs
unbounded <> aşırı
unbounded <> kontr
unbounded <> sınır
unbowed <> boyun
unbowed <> eğilm
unbox <> Unbox
unboxed <> kutus
unbrace <> çözme
unbrace <> gevşe
unbrace <> rahat
unbraced <> Unbra
unbraided <> Örgüs
unbraked <> frens
unbranded <> UNBRA
unbreakable <> bozul
unbreakable <> ehlil
unbreakable <> işlen
unbreakable <> kırıl
unbribable <> rüşve
unbridgeable <> aşılm
unbridle <> dizgi
unbridle <> gemin
unbridled <> önüne
unbridled <> dizgi
unbridled <> gem 
unbroken <> aralı
unbroken <> bütün
unbroken <> boyun
unbroken <> bozul
unbroken <> değiş
unbroken <> devam
unbroken <> evcil
unbroken <> işlen
unbroken <> kırıl
unbrotherly <> karde
unbuckle <> çözme
unbuckle <> tokas
unbuffered <> tampo
unbuild <> yıkma
unbuilt <> boş
unbuilt <> inşa
unbundle <> sökme
unbundled <> ayrış
unbundling <> ayrış
unburden <> açmak
unburden <> itira
unburden <> rahat
unburden <> yükte
unbureaucratic <> bürok
unburied <> gömül
unburned <> yakıl
unburned <> yanma
unburnt <> yakıl
unburnt <> yanma
unbutton <> düğme
unbuttoned <> düğme
unbuttoned <> lauba
unbuttoned <> tekli
uncached <> önbel
uncalled <> çağır
uncalled <> davet
uncalled <> talep
uncannily <> esrar
uncanny <> acayi
uncanny <> anlaş
uncanny <> esrar
uncanny <> tekin
uncap <> şapka
uncap <> kapağ
uncapped <> kapağ
uncared <> bakım
uncase <> çıkar
uncase <> açmak
uncataloged <> katal
uncategorised <> Kateg
uncategorized <> kateg
uncaught <> yakal
uncaused <> neden
unceasing <> aralı
unceasing <> devam
unceasing <> durma
unceasing <> sürek
unceasingly <> durma
uncensored <> sansü
unceremonious <> kaba
unceremonious <> lauba
unceremonious <> tekli
unceremoniously <> kabac
uncertain <> şüphe
uncertain <> belir
uncertain <> bir 
uncertain <> değiş
uncertain <> emin
uncertain <> güven
uncertain <> karar
uncertain <> kesin
uncertainly <> belir
uncertainly <> istik
uncertainly <> karar
uncertainness <> belir
uncertainties <> belir
uncertainty <> şüphe
uncertainty <> belir
uncertainty <> değiş
uncertainty <> karar
uncertainty <> kesin
uncertainty <> tered
uncertified <> doğru
uncertified <> onayl
unchain <> özgür
unchain <> serbe
unchain <> zinci
unchained <> zinci
unchallengeable <> itira
unchallengeable <> su 
unchallengeable <> tartı
unchallenged <> itira
unchallenged <> su 
unchallenged <> tartı
unchangeable <> değiş
unchanged <> değiş
unchanged <> eskis
unchanging <> değiş
uncharacteristically <> alışı
uncharged <> şarj
uncharged <> borçl
uncharged <> doldu
uncharitable <> şefkâ
uncharitable <> kusur
uncharitable <> merha
uncharted <> harit
uncharted <> keşfe
unchaste <> iffet
unchaste <> namus
unchastity <> iffet
unchastity <> namus
unchecked <> durdu
unchecked <> kontr
unchecked <> serbe
unchecked <> yasak
unchecks <> temiz
unchivalrous <> kaba
unchivalrous <> nezak
unchristened <> vafti
unchristian <> Hrist
unchristian <> uygun
uncial <> yuvar
uncinate <> unsin
uncircumcised <> Musev
uncircumcised <> sünne
uncivil <> kaba
uncivil <> nezak
uncivilised <> barba
uncivilised <> meden
uncivilised <> vahşi
uncivilized <> barba
uncivilized <> meden
uncivilized <> vahşi
unclad <> çıpla
unclad <> giyin
unclaimed <> istey
unclaimed <> sahib
unclaimed <> sahip
unclarified <> Sebeb
unclasp <> açmak
unclasp <> bırak
unclassifiable <> sınıf
unclassified <> gizli
unclassified <> karış
unclassified <> sınıf
uncle <> amca
uncle <> dayı
uncle <> rehin
uncle <> zenci
unclean <> ahlak
unclean <> kirli
unclean <> pis
uncleaned <> temiz
uncleanliness <> ahlak
uncleanliness <> kirli
uncleanliness <> pisli
uncleanly <> ahlak
uncleanly <> murda
uncleanly <> namus
uncleanly <> pis
uncleanness <> pisli
unclear <> açık
unclear <> belir
uncleared <> Temiz
unclerical <> laik
unclerical <> rahip
uncles <> amca
unclipped <> klips
uncloak <> açığa
uncloak <> açmak
uncloak <> ortay
unclogs <> tıkan
unclose <> açığa
unclose <> açıkl
unclose <> açmak
unclosed <> Kapan
unclothe <> açığa
unclothe <> açmak
unclothe <> elbis
unclothe <> soyma
unclouded <> açık
unclouded <> berra
unclouded <> bulut
uncloudy <> Unclo
uncluttered <> düzen
unco <> aşırı
unco <> acayi
unco <> müthi
unco <> son 
uncoated <> kapla
uncock <> emniy
uncock <> horoz
uncoded <> kodsu
uncoil <> çözül
uncoil <> çözme
uncoil <> açmak
uncoined <> külçe
uncoined <> sikke
uncollectable <> topla
uncollected <> birik
uncollected <> kendi
uncollected <> tahsi
uncollected <> topla
uncollectible <> tahsi
uncolored <> boyan
uncolored <> boyas
uncolored <> renks
uncolored <> taraf
uncoloured <> boyan
uncoloured <> boyas
uncoloured <> renks
uncoloured <> taraf
uncombed <> taran
uncombined <> birle
uncomely <> çirki
uncomely <> uygun
uncomely <> yersi
uncomfortable <> rahat
uncomfortable <> tatsı
uncomfortably <> rahat
uncommitted <> bağım
uncommitted <> fikri
uncommitted <> işlen
uncommitted <> karar
uncommitted <> taahh
uncommitted <> taraf
uncommon <> alışı
uncommon <> nadir
uncommon <> olağa
uncommon <> sırad
uncommonly <> nadir
uncommonly <> olağa
uncommonness <> alışı
uncommonness <> olağa
uncommunicative <> çekin
uncommunicative <> ketum
uncommunicative <> konuş
uncompacted <> sıkış
uncompanionable <> mesaf
uncompanionable <> soğuk
uncompanionable <> sokul
uncompensated <> denge
uncompetitive <> rekab
uncompetitiveness <> Rekab
uncomplaining <> şikây
uncomplaining <> sabır
uncomplaisant <> hoşgö
uncomplaisant <> kaba
uncomplete <> sonuç
uncompleted <> bitme
uncompleted <> tamam
uncompleted <> yarım
uncomplicated <> açık
uncomplicated <> karış
uncomplicated <> kolay
uncomplimentary <> eleşt
uncomplimentary <> kaba
uncomplimentary <> yeric
uncomprehendingly <> anlam
uncompressed <> sıkış
uncompresses <> sıkış
uncompromising <> anlaş
uncompromising <> eğilm
uncompromising <> inatç
uncompromising <> kesin
uncompromising <> uzlaş
unconcealed <> açık
unconcealed <> aşikâ
unconcern <> aldır
unconcern <> ilgis
unconcern <> kayıt
unconcern <> kaygı
unconcern <> umurs
unconcerned <> aldır
unconcerned <> endiş
unconcerned <> ilgis
unconcerned <> karış
unconcerned <> kaygı
unconcerned <> umurs
unconcernedly <> kayıt
unconcernedness <> aldır
unconcernedness <> endiş
unconcernedness <> ilgis
unconcernedness <> umurs
unconditional <> şarts
unconditional <> kayıt
unconditional <> koşul
unconditional <> mutlâ
unconditionally <> kayıt
unconditionally <> mutlâ
unconditioned <> bütün
unconditioned <> doğuş
unconditioned <> içgüd
unconditioned <> koşul
unconditioned <> mutlâ
unconfident <> güven
unconfined <> kuşat
unconfined <> sınır
unconfined <> serbe
unconfirmed <> doğru
unconfirmed <> kilis
unconfirmed <> onayl
unconfirmed <> teyid
unconformable <> uyums
unconformably <> uyums
unconformities <> uyums
unconformity <> uyums
uncongenial <> cana
uncongenial <> sıkıc
uncongenial <> sevim
uncongenial <> tatsı
uncongenial <> uymay
unconjugated <> indir
unconnected <> alâka
unconnected <> ayrı
unconnected <> bağım
unconnected <> ilgis
unconnected <> tutar
unconquerable <> ele 
unconquerable <> fethe
unconquerable <> yenil
unconquered <> fethe
unconquered <> yenil
unconscientious <> fahiş
unconscientious <> insaf
unconscientious <> mantı
unconscientious <> vicda
unconscionable <> ölçüs
unconscionable <> aşırı
unconscionable <> insaf
unconscionable <> mantı
unconscionable <> vicda
unconscionably <> hukuk
unconscious <> şuurs
unconscious <> baygı
unconscious <> bilin
unconscious <> bilme
unconscious <> farkı
unconscious <> haber
unconscious <> kasıt
unconscious <> kendi
unconsciously <> baygı
unconsciously <> bilin
unconsciously <> bilme
unconsciously <> farkı
unconsciously <> kendi
unconsciousness <> baygı
unconsciousness <> bilin
unconsciousness <> farkı
unconsciousness <> kendi
unconsecrated <> adanm
unconsecrated <> kutsa
unconsidered <> önems
unconsidered <> düşün
unconsolidated <> Konso
unconstitutional <> anaya
unconstitutionality <> aykır
unconstitutionally <> anaya
unconstrained <> rahat
unconstrained <> serbe
unconstrained <> tekli
unconstraint <> sıkıl
unconstraint <> serbe
unconstructive <> yapıc
unconsumed <> henüz
unconsummated <> Tamam
uncontaminated <> kirle
uncontaminated <> saf
uncontested <> kabul
uncontested <> tek
uncontested <> tek 
uncontrollable <> önlen
uncontrollable <> dizgi
uncontrollable <> ele 
uncontrollable <> kontr
uncontrollably <> kontr
uncontrolled <> baskı
uncontrolled <> kontr
uncontroversial <> tartı
unconventional <> alışı
unconventional <> kalen
unconventional <> lauba
unconventional <> rahat
unconventional <> tekli
unconventionality <> kalen
unconventionality <> resmi
unconventionality <> tekli
unconverted <> değiş
unconverted <> din 
unconverted <> paray
unconvertible <> dönüş
unconvinced <> şüphe
unconvinced <> emin
unconvinced <> ikna
unconvinced <> inanm
unconvincing <> şüphe
unconvincing <> ikna
unconvincing <> inand
uncooked <> çiğ
uncooked <> pişme
uncooled <> soğut
uncooperative <> işbir
uncooperative <> yardı
uncoordinated <> koord
uncord <> ipini
uncork <> açığa
uncork <> atmak
uncork <> göste
uncork <> tıpas
uncorrected <> düzel
uncorrelated <> ilint
uncorroborated <> ispat
uncorroborated <> kanıt
uncorrupted <> bozul
uncountable <> hesap
uncountable <> sayıl
uncounted <> hesap
uncounted <> sayıl
uncounted <> sayıs
uncouple <> çözme
uncouple <> birbi
uncoupled <> edili
uncouth <> çirki
uncouth <> görgü
uncouth <> hoyra
uncouth <> kaba
uncouth <> tuhaf
uncovenanted <> garan
uncovenanted <> söz 
uncovenanted <> taahh
uncover <> örtüs
uncover <> şapka
uncover <> açmak
uncover <> ortay
uncovered <> çıpla
uncovered <> örtüs
uncovered <> şapka
uncovered <> açık
uncovered <> karşı
uncovering <> açığa
uncovers <> ortay
uncrating <> KASAD
uncreated <> yarat
uncredited <> Resim
uncritical <> eleşt
uncritical <> kriti
uncritical <> tehli
uncritical <> yorum
uncritically <> eleşt
uncross <> çizgi
uncross <> açmak
uncross <> doğru
uncrossed <> çapra
uncrossed <> çizgi
uncrossed <> açık
uncrown <> taçta
uncrown <> tahtı
uncrowned <> henüz
uncrowned <> taçsı
unction <> kutsa
unction <> merhe
unction <> sahte
unction <> yağ 
unction <> yapma
unctuous <> kaypa
unctuous <> yağlı
unctuous <> yapma
unctuous <> yoğur
uncuffed <> manşo
uncultivated <> eğiti
uncultivated <> ekilm
uncultivated <> işlen
uncultivated <> kültü
uncultured <> kültü
uncultured <> terbi
uncultured <> yobaz
uncurbed <> dizgi
uncurbed <> kontr
uncured <> iyile
uncured <> tedav
uncurl <> açılm
uncurl <> açmak
uncurtailed <> kısal
uncurtailed <> kesil
uncut <> biçil
uncut <> budan
uncut <> ham
uncut <> işlen
uncut <> kısıt
uncut <> kısal
uncut <> kesil
uncut <> yontu
undamaged <> hasar
undamaged <> zarar
undamped <> ıslat
undamped <> darıl
undamped <> gücen
undamped <> sönüm
undamped <> sindi
undate <> dalga
undated <> dalga
undated <> tarih
undated <> vades
undaunted <> cesur
undaunted <> gözüp
undaunted <> korku
undaunted <> yılma
undeceive <> aklın
undeceive <> gözün
undeceive <> uyand
undeceived <> aklı
undeceived <> aldan
undeceived <> gözü
undecidability <> karar
undecided <> askıd
undecided <> istik
undecided <> karar
undecidedly <> karar
undeciphered <> çözül
undecked <> güver
undecked <> süssü
undeclared <> açıkl
undeclared <> bildi
undecorated <> bezem
undefeatable <> yenil
undefended <> itira
undefended <> korum
undefended <> savun
undefiled <> yozla
undefinable <> tanım
undefinable <> tarif
undefined <> belir
undefined <> müphe
undefined <> tanım
undefining <> tanım
undeformed <> Defor
undelete <> geri
undeleted <> silin
undeleting <> Silin
undelivered <> kurta
undelivered <> söyle
undelivered <> tesli
undemanding <> basit
undemanding <> göste
undemanding <> iddia
undemocratic <> antid
undemonstrative <> duygu
undemonstrative <> ihtiy
undemonstrative <> temki
undeniable <> inkâr
undeniable <> itira
undeniable <> su 
undeniably <> inkar
undenied <> Unden
undenominational <> din 
undenominational <> mezhe
under <> aşağı
under <> altı
under <> altın
under <> alt
under <> altta
under <> az
under <> bağlı
under <> dönem
under <> dibe
under <> emrin
under <> etkis
under <> halin
under <> norma
underachieve <> almaz
underachievement <> başar
underachiever <> başar
underachievers <> Under
underact <> kötü
underact <> rolün
underage <> ergin
underage <> reşit
underage <> yaşı
underage <> yasal
underarm <> aşağı
underarm <> gizli
underarm <> koltu
underarm <> kurna
underarm <> sinsi
underarms <> Koltu
underbelly <> Göbek
underbid <> daha
underbid <> eksik
underbid <> eksil
underblanket <> Batta
underblankets <> batta
underbred <> cins
underbred <> görgü
underbred <> kırma
underbred <> kaba
underbred <> terbi
underbridge <> Alt 
underbrush <> ağaç
underbuy <> değer
underbuy <> ucuza
undercarriage <> şasi
undercarriage <> iniş
undercarriage <> kunda
undercharge <> az 
undercharge <> değer
undercharge <> iyi 
undercharge <> yeter
underclothes <> iç
underclothes <> iç 
underclothing <> iç
underclothing <> iç 
undercoat <> astar
undercoat <> iç 
undercoated <> astar
undercoating <> astar
undercoats <> astar
undercook <> az 
undercook <> yeter
undercooked <> pişme
undercover <> örtül
undercover <> el 
undercover <> gizli
undercroft <> yeral
undercurrent <> dip
undercurrent <> dip 
undercurrent <> gizli
undercut <> altın
undercut <> altta
undercut <> daha
undercut <> fiyat
undercut <> kesme
undercut <> sığır
undercuts <> Altta
undercutting <> kırıl
underdeck <> Güver
underdeveloped <> az
underdeveloped <> az 
underdeveloped <> geliş
underdeveloped <> geri
underdeveloped <> iyi 
underdevelopment <> azgel
underdo <> az
underdo <> az 
underdo <> başta
underdo <> gerek
underdo <> yeter
underdog <> ezile
underdog <> mazlu
underdog <> yenil
underdone <> az
underdone <> az 
underdose <> düşük
underdosed <> dozun
underdress <> altın
underdress <> içine
undereducated <> eğiti
underemployed <> Eksik
underemployment <> eksik
underestimate <> az 
underestimate <> hafif
underestimate <> hor 
underestimate <> küçük
underestimate <> küçüm
underestimated <> hafif
underestimates <> hafif
underestimating <> hor 
underestimating <> küçüm
underestimation <> az 
underestimation <> gerek
underestimation <> küçüm
underevaluation <> şikay
underexpose <> karan
underexposed <> karan
underexposure <> eksik
underexposure <> karan
underfed <> az
underfed <> az 
underfed <> yeter
underfeed <> yeter
underfeeding <> yeter
underfloor <> Yerde
underfoot <> ayak
underfoot <> kontr
undergarment <> iç
undergarment <> iç 
undergarments <> iç
undergarments <> iç 
underglaze <> sıral
undergo <> çekme
undergo <> başın
undergo <> geçir
undergo <> katla
undergo <> uğram
undergoes <> uğrar
undergoing <> uygul
undergone <> geçir
undergrad <> ünive
undergraduate <> ünive
undergraduate <> Lisan
undergraduate <> lisan
undergraduates <> lisan
underground <> alt 
underground <> gizli
underground <> metro
underground <> topra
underground <> yeni
underground <> yeral
undergrounds <> metro
undergrowth <> ağaç
underhand <> aşağı
underhand <> el 
underhand <> gizli
underhand <> kurna
underhand <> sinsi
underhanded <> el
underhanded <> el 
underhanded <> gizli
underhanded <> perso
underhanded <> yardı
underinvestment <> yeter
underlain <> litol
underlay <> altın
underlay <> alta
underlay <> altta
underlay <> deste
underlays <> Alt
underlease <> kirac
underlet <> kirac
underlet <> ucuza
underlie <> altın
underlie <> temel
underlies <> altın
underline <> afiş
underline <> altın
underline <> alt 
underline <> vurgu
underlined <> Altı
underlines <> vurgu
underling <> ast
underling <> başka
underlining <> altın
underload <> yük
underlying <> öncel
underlying <> altın
underlying <> belli
underlying <> esas
underlying <> temel
undermanned <> eksik
undermanned <> perso
undermentioned <> aşağı
undermine <> altın
undermine <> balta
undermine <> sarsm
undermine <> zayıf
undermined <> zayıf
undermines <> balta
undermining <> zarar
undermost <> en 
underneath <> altın
underneath <> alt
undernourish <> yeter
undernourished <> gıdas
undernourished <> yeter
undernourishment <> gıdas
undernourishment <> yeter
undernutrition <> besle
underpants <> don
underpants <> külot
underparts <> alt 
underpass <> alt
underpass <> alt 
underpass <> yeral
underpasses <> altge
underpay <> az
underpay <> az 
underperform <> daha
underperformance <> düşük
underperformer <> düşük
underperforming <> düşük
underperforms <> yeter
underpin <> deste
underpinning <> deste
underpinnings <> dayan
underpins <> temel
underplay <> kötü
underplay <> kaste
underplay <> rolün
underpopulated <> nüfus
underpower <> düşük
underpowered <> yeter
underprepared <> hazır
underprice <> az 
underpricing <> düşük
underprivileged <> temel
underproduction <> düşük
underproof <> alkol
underproof <> az 
underrate <> küçük
underrate <> küçüm
underrate <> yeter
underrating <> hor
underrating <> hor 
underreported <> bilin
underreporting <> eksik
underrepresented <> az 
underrun <> boşal
underscore <> altın
underscore <> vurgu
underscored <> altın
underscores <> altçi
underscoring <> vurgu
undersea <> deniz
underseal <> altın
undersecretariat <> müste
undersecretariats <> Müste
undersecretaries <> Müste
undersecretary <> bakan
undersecretary <> müste
undersell <> fiyat
undersell <> ucuza
underselling <> kırma
underserved <> yeter
undersexed <> cinse
undershelf <> alt 
undershirt <> fanil
undershoot <> under
undershooting <> altın
undershorts <> boxer
undershorts <> külot
underside <> alt
underside <> alt 
undersign <> imza
undersigned <> aşağı
undersigned <> imzas
undersigning <> imza
undersigns <> imzal
undersized <> cılız
undersized <> küçük
undersized <> norma
underskirt <> iç 
underskirt <> jüpon
underslung <> alçal
underslung <> dingi
undersoil <> topra
undersoil <> yeral
underspin <> Kesme
understaffing <> yeter
understand <> çakma
understand <> anlam
understand <> anlay
understand <> bilme
understand <> hisse
understand <> iyi 
understand <> kavra
understandability <> anlaş
understandable <> anlaş
understandable <> kavra
understandably <> anlaş
understandably <> makul
understanding <> şart
understanding <> akıll
understanding <> anlaş
understanding <> anlam
understanding <> anlay
understanding <> halde
understanding <> hisse
understanding <> kafal
understanding <> kavra
understanding <> uyuşm
understanding <> uzlaş
understanding <> zekâ
understanding <> zeki
understandings <> anlay
understands <> anlar
understate <> küçük
understate <> olduğ
understatement <> az
understatement <> az 
understatement <> olduğ
understates <> hafif
understeer <> dışa
understeering <> Manev
understood <> anlad
understrapper <> ast
understrapper <> başka
understudy <> başka
understudy <> dublö
understudy <> yardı
undersurface <> olurl
undertake <> üstle
undertake <> garan
undertake <> giriş
undertake <> söz 
undertake <> yükle
undertaken <> üstle
undertaker <> ölü 
undertaker <> cenaz
undertaker <> under
undertakers <> cenaz
undertakes <> taahh
undertaking <> üstle
undertaking <> cenaz
undertaking <> giriş
undertaking <> işlet
undertaking <> taahh
undertaking <> vâât
undertakings <> teşeb
undertenant <> kirac
underthrust <> Altta
undertone <> alçak
undertone <> donuk
undertone <> fısıl
undertone <> genel
undertone <> gizli
undertones <> duygu
undertook <> üstle
undertow <> kıyıy
undertow <> ters
undertrick <> batar
underused <> pek 
underutilisation <> boşta
underutilised <> atıl
underutilized <> atıl
undervalue <> az 
undervalue <> hafif
undervalue <> küçüm
undervalued <> gözar
undervest <> fanil
underwater <> sualt
underway <> devam
underwear <> iç
underwear <> iç 
underwears <> Çamaş
underweight <> norma
underwent <> yapıl
underwire <> pozla
underworld <> ahire
underworld <> cehen
underworld <> ruhla
underworld <> yeral
underworlds <> Altdü
underwrite <> altın
underwrite <> imzal
underwrite <> sağla
underwrite <> sigor
underwriter <> borsa
underwriter <> sigor
underwriters <> sigor
underwriting <> sigor
undescended <> İnmem
undescribable <> İzah
undescribed <> tanım
undeserved <> hak 
undeserved <> haksı
undeservedly <> haksı
undeserving <> hak
undeserving <> hak 
undesigned <> önced
undesigned <> kasıt
undesigning <> gizli
undesigning <> içten
undesigning <> samim
undesirability <> hoşa
undesirability <> istem
undesirable <> hoş 
undesirable <> hoşa
undesirable <> isten
undesirables <> isten
undesirably <> ozonl
undesired <> isten
undesirous <> istek
undesirous <> istem
undestroyable <> Yıkıl
undetachable <> sökül
undetached <> farke
undetect <> taşıt
undetectable <> sapta
undetermined <> belir
undetermined <> karar
undeterred <> önlen
undeterred <> aziml
undeterred <> karar
undeveloped <> geliş
undeveloped <> işlen
undeveloped <> tab 
undeviating <> sapma
undeviating <> yolun
undiagnosed <> konma
undies <> iç
undies <> iç 
undifferentiated <> ayırt
undifferentiated <> farkl
undigested <> anlaş
undigested <> hazme
undigested <> sindi
undigestible <> sindi
undignified <> şeref
undignified <> onurs
undiluted <> saf
undiluted <> su 
undiminished <> azalm
undiminished <> eksil
undine <> su
undine <> su 
undines <> Su
undiplomatic <> diplo
undiplomatic <> dobra
undiplomatic <> lafın
undirected <> adres
undirected <> yönet
undirected <> yönle
undisbursed <> ödenm
undiscerned <> ayırt
undiscerning <> anlay
undischarged <> ödene
undischarged <> ödenm
undischarged <> ödeye
undischarged <> boşal
undisciplined <> disip
undisciplined <> terbi
undisciplined <> yaram
undisclosed <> açığa
undisclosed <> gizli
undiscouraged <> cesar
undiscouraged <> hayal
undiscoverable <> keşfe
undiscovered <> keşfe
undiscovered <> ortay
undiscriminating <> farkı
undiscriminating <> görüş
undiscussed <> görüş
undiscussed <> tartı
undisguised <> açık
undisguised <> kılık
undisguised <> yapma
undismayed <> yılma
undisposed <> gönül
undisposed <> istek
undisputable <> tartı
undisputed <> şüphe
undisputed <> tartı
undisputedly <> tartı
undistinguishable <> farke
undistinguishable <> seçil
undistinguished <> ayırt
undistinguished <> farks
undistinguished <> orta
undistinguished <> vasat
undistorted <> dağıl
undistributed <> dağıt
undisturbed <> karış
undisturbed <> rahat
undiversified <> çeşit
undivided <> bölün
undivided <> bütün
undivided <> pay 
undivided <> tüm
undivine <> Undiv
undo <> çözme
undo <> açmak
undo <> bozma
undo <> geri
undo <> mahve
undo <> sökme
undo <> telâf
undoable <> geri
undock <> kilid
undocked <> çıkar
undocumented <> belge
undoing <> çözme
undoing <> açma
undoing <> bozul
undoing <> felâk
undoing <> telâf
undoing <> yıkım
undone <> çözül
undone <> açılm
undone <> bitir
undone <> mahvo
undone <> sökül
undone <> yapıl
undos <> geri
undoubted <> şüphe
undoubted <> kesin
undoubted <> kuşku
undoubtedly <> şüphe
undoubtedly <> kesin
undrained <> drena
undreamed <> akla
undreamt <> akla
undress <> ünifo
undress <> elbis
undress <> ev 
undress <> günde
undress <> soyma
undress <> soyun
undressed <> çıpla
undressed <> işlen
undressed <> sargı
undressed <> sossu
undressed <> terbi
undressing <> soyun
undrinkable <> içilm
undue <> aşırı
undue <> kanun
undue <> usuls
undue <> vades
undue <> yersi
undulant <> dalga
undulant <> inişl
undulant <> inip
undulate <> dalga
undulate <> inişl
undulate <> inip
undulated <> dalga
undulating <> dalga
undulation <> dalga
undulation <> kıvrı
undulation <> salın
undulation <> titre
undulations <> düzen
undulatory <> Dalga
unduly <> aşırı
unduly <> boş 
unduly <> gerek
unduly <> haksı
unduplicated <> Yinel
undutiful <> görev
undutiful <> saygı
undutiful <> sorum
undyed <> boyas
undying <> ölüms
undying <> ölmez
undying <> sonsu
unearn <> Cari
unearned <> çalış
unearned <> haksı
unearned <> kazan
unearth <> deliğ
unearth <> ortay
unearth <> topra
unearthed <> ortay
unearthly <> doğaü
unearthly <> manev
unearthly <> olağa
unearthly <> tüyle
unease <> tedir
uneasiest <> zor
uneasily <> huzur
uneasiness <> endiş
uneasiness <> huzur
uneasiness <> kuşku
uneasiness <> rahat
uneasiness <> tedir
uneasy <> endiş
uneasy <> huzur
uneasy <> rahat
uneasy <> sıkın
uneasy <> tedir
uneasy <> tutuk
uneasy <> zor
uneatable <> yenil
uneatable <> yenme
uneconomic <> ekono
uneconomic <> savur
uneconomical <> ekono
uneconomical <> hesap
uneconomical <> savur
unedifying <> eğiti
uneducated <> cahil
uneducated <> eğiti
uneducated <> kültü
uneducated <> okuma
unelected <> seçil
unembarrassed <> rahat
unembarrassed <> sıkın
unembarrassed <> utanm
unemotional <> duygu
unemotional <> heyec
unemployed <> atıl
unemployed <> aylak
unemployed <> boşta
unemployed <> işsiz
unemployment <> işsiz
unencrypted <> şifre
unencumbered <> ipote
unencumbered <> serbe
unending <> bitme
unending <> sonsu
unendowed <> bağış
unendowed <> donat
unendowed <> kabil
unendowed <> yeten
unendurable <> çekil
unendurable <> dayan
unendurable <> katla
unenforceable <> uygul
unengaged <> boş
unengaged <> nişan
unengaged <> sözlü
unengaged <> serbe
unenlightened <> önyar
unenlightened <> batıl
unenlightened <> cahil
unenlightened <> okuma
unenterprising <> giriş
unenterprising <> pısır
unenterprising <> uyanı
unenthusiastic <> istek
unenviable <> kıska
unequal <> düzen
unequal <> düzey
unequal <> eşits
unequal <> haksı
unequal <> istik
unequal <> orans
unequal <> yeter
unequaled <> benze
unequaled <> eşsiz
unequaled <> emsal
unequalled <> benze
unequalled <> eşsiz
unequalled <> emsal
unequally <> eşits
unequals <> eşit
unequipped <> donat
unequivocal <> açık
unequivocal <> anlaş
unequivocal <> samim
unequivocally <> tümde
unerase <> UnEra
unerring <> şaşma
unerring <> hata
unerring <> yanıl
unerupted <> sürme
unessential <> önems
unessential <> şart
unethical <> etik
unethically <> etik
uneven <> düz 
uneven <> denge
uneven <> eğri
uneven <> eşits
uneven <> engeb
uneven <> inişl
uneven <> pürüz
uneven <> tek
unevenly <> denge
unevenness <> eğril
unevenness <> eşits
unevenness <> yamuk
uneventful <> olays
uneventfully <> sorun
unexamined <> İncel
unexampled <> benze
unexampled <> eşsiz
unexcelled <> eşsiz
unexceptionable <> istis
unexceptionable <> itira
unexceptionable <> karşı
unexceptionable <> sakın
unexceptional <> istis
unexceptional <> itira
unexceptional <> sırad
unexcited <> heyec
unexciting <> can 
unexciting <> heyec
unexciting <> sıkıc
unexcused <> mazer
unexecuted <> uygul
unexpanded <> yorum
unexpected <> bekle
unexpected <> davet
unexpected <> umulm
unexpectedly <> bekle
unexpectedly <> haber
unexpectedness <> bekle
unexpended <> harca
unexperienced <> tecrü
unexpired <> süres
unexpired <> vades
unexplainable <> açıkl
unexplainable <> anlat
unexplained <> açıkl
unexplained <> anlaş
unexploded <> patla
unexploited <> islen
unexplored <> ayak
unexplored <> keşfe
unexposed <> yıkam
unexpressed <> açıkl
unexpressed <> ifade
unexpurgated <> sansü
unextended <> Geniş
unfading <> ölmez
unfading <> dayan
unfading <> değer
unfading <> solma
unfailing <> şaşma
unfailing <> bitme
unfailing <> eksik
unfailing <> güven
unfailing <> yanıl
unfailing <> yorul
unfailingly <> mizac
unfair <> haksı
unfair <> hilel
unfair <> insaf
unfair <> taraf
unfairly <> insaf
unfairness <> insaf
unfaithful <> aslın
unfaithful <> güven
unfaithful <> sadak
unfaithful <> vefas
unfaithfulness <> sadak
unfaltering <> emin
unfaltering <> karar
unfaltering <> sağla
unfaltering <> tered
unfamiliar <> alışı
unfamiliar <> tanıd
unfamiliar <> yaban
unfamiliarity <> yaban
unfashionable <> demod
unfashionable <> modas
unfashionable <> moday
unfasten <> çözül
unfasten <> çözme
unfasten <> açılm
unfasten <> gevşe
unfastened <> çözül
unfastened <> açılm
unfastened <> gevşe
unfathomable <> çok 
unfathomable <> akıl
unfathomable <> dipsi
unfathomable <> sırrı
unfavorable <> açık
unfavorable <> aksi
unfavorable <> elver
unfavorable <> olums
unfavorable <> sakın
unfavorable <> ters
unfavorably <> olums
unfavourable <> açık
unfavourable <> aksi
unfavourable <> elver
unfavourable <> olums
unfavourable <> sakın
unfavourable <> ters
unfavourably <> olums
unfeasible <> imkân
unfeasible <> olana
unfeasible <> yapıl
unfed <> aç
unfed <> besle
unfeed <> para
unfeeling <> duygu
unfeeling <> insaf
unfeeling <> merha
unfeigned <> gerçe
unfeigned <> içten
unfeigned <> yapma
unfelt <> algıl
unfelt <> hisse
unfermented <> mayal
unfermented <> mayas
unfertilized <> dölle
unfetter <> kurta
unfetter <> serbe
unfettered <> özgür
unfettered <> dizgi
unfettered <> serbe
unfiled <> Dosya
unfilial <> evlâd
unfilial <> saygı
unfilled <> doldu
unfilled <> tamam
unfilled <> yerin
unfiltered <> filtr
unfinalized <> sonla
unfinished <> bitme
unfinished <> cilas
unfinished <> işlen
unfinished <> kaba
unfinished <> tamam
unfinished <> yarım
unfit <> elver
unfit <> işe 
unfit <> uygun
unfit <> yeter
unfix <> çözme
unfix <> çıkar
unfix <> sökme
unfixed <> çözül
unfixed <> çıkar
unfixed <> belir
unfixed <> karar
unfixed <> sökül
unflagging <> bitme
unflagging <> yorul
unflappable <> soğuk
unflappable <> temki
unflattened <> düzel
unflattering <> övücü
unflattering <> kötül
unflattering <> kalay
unflattering <> yaldı
unflavoured <> Aroma
unfledged <> acemi
unfledged <> hayat
unfledged <> tüyü
unfledged <> tüysü
unflinching <> gözük
unflinching <> korku
unflinching <> yılma
unfocused <> odakl
unfold <> açıkl
unfold <> açılm
unfold <> açmak
unfold <> gözle
unfold <> geliş
unfold <> serme
unfold <> yayıl
unfolded <> katla
unfolder <> Unfol
unfolds <> izler
unfollowing <> izlem
unforesee <> Bekle
unforeseeable <> bekle
unforeseeable <> umulm
unforeseen <> bekle
unforeseen <> umulm
unforgettable <> unutu
unforgettably <> unutu
unforgivable <> affed
unforgivable <> bağış
unforgiven <> affed
unforgiveness <> affet
unforgiving <> affet
unforgiving <> bağış
unforgotten <> unutu
unforked <> çatal
unformal <> Unfor
unformatted <> biçim
unformed <> şekil
unformed <> biçim
unforseen <> Öngör
unfortunate <> şanss
unfortunate <> aksi
unfortunate <> başar
unfortunate <> bahts
unfortunate <> mutsu
unfortunate <> tâlih
unfortunately <> aksi
unfortunately <> maale
unfortunately <> ne
unfortunately <> ne 
unfossiliferous <> fosil
unfounded <> asıls
unfounded <> boş
unframed <> çerçe
unfreeze <> buzun
unfreeze <> eritm
unfreeze <> serbe
unfreezing <> buzun
unfrequented <> ıssız
unfrequented <> sık 
unfrequented <> tenha
unfriended <> arkad
unfriended <> dosts
unfriendly <> düşma
unfriendly <> dostç
unfriendly <> soğuk
unfriendly <> sokul
unfrock <> papaz
unfrozen <> donma
unfruitful <> başar
unfruitful <> kısır
unfruitful <> meyve
unfruitful <> verim
unfulfilled <> karşı
unfulfilled <> tatmi
unfulfilled <> yerin
unfulfillment <> etmem
unfunded <> değiş
unfurl <> açılm
unfurl <> açmak
unfurl <> fora
unfurl <> göz 
unfurled <> açılı
unfurnished <> döşen
unfurnished <> donat
unfurnished <> mobil
unfused <> Eriti
ungainly <> biçim
ungainly <> hırpa
ungainly <> hanta
ungainly <> kaba
ungainly <> sakar
ungallant <> kaba
ungallant <> kadın
ungallant <> saygı
ungear <> boşa
ungenerous <> cimri
ungenerous <> pinti
ungenerous <> yüce
ungenial <> neşe
ungenial <> surat
ungentle <> kaba
ungentle <> sert
ungentlemanlike <> centi
ungentlemanlike <> kaba
ungentlemanly <> centi
ungentlemanly <> kaba
ungird <> çözme
ungird <> gevşe
unglazed <> perda
unglazed <> sırsı
ungloved <> eldiv
unglued <> Neşes
ungodliness <> Allah
ungodliness <> dinsi
ungodly <> Allah
ungodly <> berba
ungodly <> dinsi
ungodly <> günah
ungovernable <> asi
ungovernable <> başa
ungovernable <> kontr
ungoverned <> kendi
ungraceful <> hanta
ungraceful <> incel
ungraceful <> kaba
ungracious <> hoş 
ungracious <> kaba
ungracious <> sevim
ungracious <> tatsı
ungrammatical <> dilbi
ungrammatical <> kural
ungrateful <> hain
ungrateful <> iyili
ungrateful <> nankö
ungratefully <> hainc
ungratefulness <> hainl
ungratefulness <> iyili
ungratefulness <> nankö
ungratified <> hoşnu
ungratified <> memnu
ungrounded <> asıls
ungrounded <> temel
ungrounded <> topra
ungrouped <> grupl
ungrouping <> grubu
ungrudging <> cömer
ungrudging <> esirg
ungrudging <> memnu
ungrudging <> seve
ungual <> tırna
ungual <> toyna
unguaranteed <> garan
unguarded <> düşün
unguarded <> gafil
unguarded <> ihtiy
unguarded <> korum
unguarded <> savun
unguent <> merhe
unguentaria <> ungue
unguiculate <> tırna
unguided <> rehbe
unguided <> uzakt
ungular <> Tırna
ungulate <> toyna
ungulates <> toyna
unhallowed <> şeyta
unhallowed <> kötü
unhallowed <> kutsa
unhallowed <> takdi
unhampered <> engel
unhampered <> serbe
unhand <> elind
unhand <> salıv
unhandiness <> becer
unhandiness <> kulla
unhandiness <> sakar
unhandled <> işlen
unhandsome <> çirki
unhandsome <> uygun
unhandsome <> yakış
unhandy <> becer
unhandy <> elver
unhandy <> kulla
unhandy <> sakar
unhanged <> ipten
unhappiest <> mutsu
unhappily <> maale
unhappily <> ne
unhappily <> ne 
unhappiness <> üzünt
unhappiness <> keder
unhappiness <> mutsu
unhappy <> üzgün
unhappy <> şanss
unhappy <> aksi
unhappy <> keder
unhappy <> münas
unhappy <> mutsu
unhappy <> yersi
unharmed <> sağ
unharmed <> sağ 
unharmed <> zarar
unharmonious <> ahenk
unharmonious <> uyums
unharness <> koşum
unhealed <> iyile
unhealthiest <> sağlı
unhealthiness <> sağlı
unhealthy <> sağlı
unhealthy <> zarar
unheard <> dinle
unheard <> duyul
unheard <> savun
unheated <> ısıtm
unheeded <> önems
unheeded <> aldır
unheeded <> ihmal
unheedful <> dalgı
unheedful <> dikka
unheedful <> ihmal
unheedful <> umurs
unheeding <> dikka
unheeding <> ihmal
unheeding <> umurs
unhelpful <> yardı
unhesitating <> tered
unhesitatingly <> tered
unhewn <> moloz
unhiding <> göste
unhindered <> engel
unhinge <> aklın
unhinge <> karar
unhinge <> mente
unhinge <> sinir
unhinged <> Unhin
unhired <> işe
unhistoric <> tarih
unhistorical <> tarih
unhitch <> çözme
unhitch <> açmak
unhitch <> serbe
unhold <> Devam
unholy <> dine
unholy <> fena
unholy <> kötüc
unholy <> kutsa
unhonored <> ödenm
unhonored <> şeref
unhonoured <> ödenm
unhonoured <> şeref
unhook <> çenge
unhook <> kanca
unhoped <> bekle
unhoped <> umulm
unhorse <> atını
unhorse <> attan
unhouse <> evden
unhouse <> evsiz
unhuman <> Unhum
unhurried <> acele
unhurried <> telaş
unhurt <> incin
unhurt <> sağ 
unhurt <> yaras
unhygienic <> hijen
uniaxial <> tek
uniaxially <> tek 
unibody <> yekpa
unicameral <> tek 
unicellular <> tek
unicellular <> tek 
unicity <> Unici
unicolor <> tek
unicolor <> tek 
unicolored <> tek 
unicolour <> tek 
unicoloured <> tek 
unicorn <> tek
unicorn <> tek 
unicycle <> tek
unideaed <> fikir
unideaed <> fikri
unidentifiable <> tanım
unidentified <> kimli
unidentified <> tanım
unidimensional <> tek 
unidirectional <> tek
unidirectional <> tek 
unidirectionally <> tek 
unifactorial <> tek 
unification <> birle
unifications <> birle
unified <> birle
unifier <> birle
unifies <> birle
uniform <> ünifo
uniform <> aynı
uniform <> bir 
uniform <> değiş
uniform <> forma
uniform <> resmi
uniform <> stand
uniform <> tekdü
uniformed <> ünifo
uniformitarianism <> Ünifo
uniformity <> aynıl
uniformity <> değiş
uniformity <> istik
uniformity <> monot
uniformity <> tekdü
uniformization <> Bir 
uniformly <> eşit
uniforms <> ünifo
unify <> aynı
unify <> birle
unifying <> birle
unilateral <> tek
unilateral <> tek 
unilateralism <> tek 
unilateralist <> tek 
unilaterality <> unila
unilaterally <> tek
unilingual <> tamam
unilluminated <> ışıks
unilluminated <> aydın
unilluminated <> bilgi
unilluminated <> cahil
unilocular <> ünilo
unimaginable <> düşün
unimaginable <> tasav
unimaginably <> düşle
unimaginative <> hayal
unimaginative <> yarat
unimagined <> bekle
unimagined <> umulm
unimolecular <> Unimo
unimpaired <> bozul
unimpaired <> zarar
unimpassioned <> heyec
unimpassioned <> sönük
unimpeachable <> çürüt
unimpeachable <> şüphe
unimpeachable <> kusur
unimpeachable <> suçla
unimpeded <> engel
unimportance <> önems
unimportant <> önems
unimportant <> mühim
unimposing <> etkil
unimposing <> görke
unimpressionable <> etki
unimpressionable <> etkil
unimpressive <> etkil
unimprovable <> düzel
unimproved <> düzel
unimproved <> geliş
unimproved <> sürül
unindented <> girin
uninfected <> enfek
uninflected <> büküm
uninfluenced <> etkil
uninfluential <> nüfuz
uninfluential <> sözü
uninformative <> bilgi
uninformed <> bilgi
uninformed <> cahil
uninformed <> haber
uninhabitable <> oturu
uninhabitable <> yaşan
uninhabited <> ıssız
uninhabited <> tenha
uninhibited <> sınır
uninitialized <> başla
uninjured <> incin
uninjured <> yaral
uninjured <> zarar
uninoculated <> Aşıla
uninscribed <> kayıt
uninspired <> ilham
uninspired <> sönük
uninspired <> yavan
uninspiring <> ilham
uninspiring <> sönük
uninspiring <> umut
uninstall <> Kaldı
uninstalled <> kaldı
uninstaller <> kaldı
uninstalling <> kaldı
uninstalls <> kaldı
uninstructed <> bilgi
uninstructed <> talim
uninsulated <> Yalıt
uninsurable <> sigor
uninsured <> sigor
unintelligent <> akıls
unintelligent <> zeki
unintelligibility <> Anlaş
unintelligible <> anlaş
unintended <> istem
unintended <> kasıt
unintentional <> kasıt
unintentionally <> düşün
unintentionally <> istem
uninterested <> ilgil
uninterested <> ilgis
uninteresting <> ilgi
uninteresting <> ilgin
uninterpretable <> yorum
uninterpreted <> yorum
uninterruptable <> kesin
uninterrupted <> aralı
uninterrupted <> kesil
uninterrupted <> kesin
uninterruptedly <> kesin
uninterruptible <> kesin
uninvited <> davet
uninviting <> çekic
uninvolved <> İlişk
unio <> Unio
union <> bilez
union <> birle
union <> birli
union <> darül
union <> derne
union <> evlil
union <> ittif
union <> kavuş
union <> sendi
union <> vida
unionisation <> sendi
unionise <> sendi
unionised <> sendi
unionism <> birli
unionism <> sendi
unionist <> birli
unionist <> sendi
unionists <> sendi
unionization <> sendi
unionize <> birli
unionize <> sendi
unionized <> sendi
unionizing <> başar
unions <> sendi
uniparous <> tek 
unipolar <> tek
unipolar <> tek 
unipolarity <> tek 
uniprocessor <> tek 
unique <> özgün
unique <> benze
unique <> bir 
unique <> biric
unique <> eşsiz
unique <> mükem
unique <> nadir
unique <> rakip
unique <> tek
unique <> yegân
uniquely <> benze
uniqueness <> benze
uniqueness <> eşsiz
uniqueness <> tek 
unirradiated <> ışınl
unirrigated <> sulan
unis <> Başvu
unisex <> ünise
unisex <> her 
unisexual <> tek 
unison <> ahenk
unison <> aynı
unison <> uyum
unisonous <> aynı
unisonous <> birli
unisonous <> uyuml
unit <> öğe
unit <> ünite
unit <> bütün
unit <> birim
unit <> birli
unitard <> Unita
unitary <> ünite
unitary <> bölün
unitary <> birim
unite <> bağla
unite <> birle
unite <> birli
unite <> bitiş
unite <> evlen
unite <> kayna
united <> birle
uniter <> Ünite
unites <> birle
unitest <> UniTe
unities <> bütün
uniting <> birle
unitize <> birim
unitized <> Tersi
units <> birim
unity <> bütün
unity <> berab
unity <> birli
unity <> tekli
univalent <> kimya
univariate <> Tek 
universal <> çok 
universal <> ünive
universal <> evren
universal <> genel
universal <> geniş
universal <> kapsa
universalised <> evren
universalism <> evren
universalism <> tüm 
universalist <> evren
universalistic <> evren
universalists <> evren
universality <> genel
universality <> yaygı
universalization <> evren
universalize <> evren
universalize <> genel
universalize <> yaygı
universalized <> evren
universally <> evren
universals <> evren
universe <> âlem
universe <> alem
universe <> cihan
universe <> evren
universe <> kâina
universes <> evren
universities <> ünive
university <> ünive
univocal <> tek
univocal <> tek 
unjoin <> çık
unjust <> adale
unjust <> haksı
unjust <> insaf
unjustifiable <> gerek
unjustifiable <> yersi
unjustifiably <> haksı
unjustified <> gayri
unjustified <> haksı
unjustified <> yetki
unjustly <> haksı
unjustly <> insaf
unjustness <> adale
unjustness <> haksı
unkempt <> düzen
unkempt <> dağın
unkempt <> hırpa
unkempt <> paçoz
unkempt <> taran
unkept <> tutul
unkillable <> Unkil
unkind <> düşma
unkind <> insaf
unkind <> kırıc
unkind <> nezak
unkind <> sert
unkle <> UNKLE
unknowability <> bilin
unknowable <> bilin
unknowing <> bilgi
unknowing <> bilme
unknowing <> cahil
unknowing <> haber
unknowingly <> bilme
unknown <> bilin
unknown <> gizli
unknown <> meçhu
unknown <> tanın
unknown <> yaban
unknowns <> bilin
unkosher <> Yahud
unkosher <> koshe
unlabeled <> etike
unlabelled <> etike
unlabored <> çalış
unlabored <> işlen
unlabored <> kolay
unlaboured <> çalış
unlaboured <> işlen
unlaboured <> kolay
unlace <> bağın
unlace <> bağcı
unlade <> boşal
unlade <> indir
unladen <> sorum
unladen <> yüksü
unladylike <> bayan
unladylike <> hanım
unlamented <> yası
unlatch <> manda
unlatched <> manda
unlawful <> gayri
unlawful <> illeg
unlawful <> kanun
unlawful <> usuls
unlawful <> yasad
unlawful <> yolsu
unlawfully <> hukuk
unlawfulness <> hukuk
unleaded <> kurşu
unlearn <> öğren
unlearn <> bırak
unlearn <> unutm
unlearn <> vazge
unlearned <> çalış
unlearned <> bilgi
unlearned <> cahil
unlearnt <> çalış
unleash <> salma
unleash <> tasma
unleashed <> Unlea
unleashes <> Unlea
unleashing <> Unlea
unleavened <> mayas
unless <> -den
unless <> -mezs
unless <> olmad
unless <> olmaz
unlettered <> cahil
unlettered <> okuma
unlettered <> yazıl
unlettered <> yazıs
unlicensed <> lisan
unlikable <> hoş 
unlikable <> hoşa
unlikable <> itici
unlikable <> nahoş
unlikable <> sevim
unlike <> aksin
unlike <> benze
unlike <> farkl
unlike <> yakış
unlikeable <> hoş 
unlikeable <> hoşa
unlikeable <> itici
unlikeable <> nahoş
unlikeable <> sevim
unlikely <> ihtim
unlikely <> muhte
unlikely <> olası
unlikely <> olmaz
unlikely <> pek 
unlimited <> şarts
unlimited <> kısıt
unlimited <> sınır
unlimitedly <> limit
unlimitedness <> sınır
unlined <> çizgi
unlined <> astar
unlined <> kırış
unlink <> çözme
unlink <> halka
unlink <> unlin
unlink <> zinci
unlinked <> bağla
unlinking <> bağla
unlinks <> bağla
unlist <> Liste
unlisted <> liste
unlisted <> rehbe
unlit <> ışıks
unlit <> aydın
unlit <> karan
unload <> açılm
unload <> anlat
unload <> boşal
unload <> elden
unload <> satma
unloaded <> doldu
unloaded <> yüksü
unloader <> boşal
unloaders <> boşal
unloading <> boşal
unloads <> kaldı
unlock <> açmak
unlock <> kilid
unlocked <> açık
unlocked <> kilit
unlocking <> Anaht
unloose <> çözme
unloose <> açmak
unloose <> bırak
unloose <> gevşe
unloose <> koyve
unloose <> serbe
unlord <> Unlor
unlovable <> sevil
unlovable <> sevim
unlove <> sevme
unloved <> beğen
unloved <> sevil
unlovely <> çirki
unlovely <> itici
unlovely <> sevim
unloving <> şefkâ
unloving <> sevgi
unloving <> sevme
unlubricated <> yağla
unluckily <> maale
unluckily <> ne
unluckily <> ne 
unlucky <> şanss
unlucky <> aksi
unlucky <> başar
unlucky <> meyme
unlucky <> tâlih
unlucky <> uğurs
unmade <> bozul
unmade <> yapıl
unmake <> bozma
unmake <> değiş
unman <> adams
unman <> cesar
unman <> hadım
unman <> kısır
unman <> kadın
unman <> sinir
unman <> yumuş
unmanageable <> ele 
unmanageable <> kontr
unmanageable <> yönet
unmanageable <> yaram
unmanageable <> zapte
unmanaged <> yönet
unmaned <> İnsan
unmanly <> erkeğ
unmanly <> kadın
unmanly <> korka
unmanly <> zayıf
unmanned <> adams
unmanned <> insan
unmannerliness <> görgü
unmannerly <> ayıp
unmannerly <> görgü
unmannerly <> kaba
unmannerly <> saygı
unmannerly <> terbi
unmanufactured <> İşlen
unmapped <> eşlen
unmapping <> kaldı
unmark <> işare
unmarked <> işare
unmarked <> ifade
unmarked <> not 
unmarketable <> pazar
unmarketable <> piyas
unmarking <> işare
unmarried <> bekâr
unmarried <> evlen
unmask <> foyas
unmask <> gerçe
unmask <> maske
unmasked <> maske
unmasking <> açığa
unmasks <> maske
unmatchable <> Unmat
unmatched <> benze
unmatched <> eşsiz
unmatched <> emsal
unmeaning <> anlam
unmeaning <> ifade
unmeant <> isten
unmeant <> kasıt
unmeant <> kaste
unmeasurable <> ölçül
unmeasured <> ölçül
unmeasured <> ölçüs
unmeasured <> aşırı
unmediated <> aracı
unmedicated <> İlaç
unmelodious <> ahenk
unmelodious <> melod
unmentionable <> ağza
unmentionable <> kelim
unmentionable <> lâfı
unmentionable <> sözü
unmentionables <> iç 
unmentioned <> bahse
unmentioned <> dile
unmentioned <> sözü
unmerchantable <> pazar
unmerchantable <> stand
unmerciful <> acıma
unmerciful <> insaf
unmerciful <> merha
unmercifully <> acıma
unmercifully <> insaf
unmercifully <> zalim
unmerited <> haksı
unmeritedly <> haksı
unmet <> karşı
unmethodical <> plans
unmethodical <> siste
unmethodical <> usuls
unmethylated <> metil
unmilitary <> sivil
unmindful <> aldır
unmindful <> düşün
unmindful <> kayıt
unmindful <> unutk
unmissable <> kaçır
unmistakable <> açık
unmistakable <> belli
unmistakably <> açıkç
unmistakeably <> açıkç
unmistaken <> kesti
unmitigated <> dinme
unmitigated <> hafif
unmitigated <> tam
unmitigated <> tam 
unmixed <> karış
unmixed <> katış
unmixed <> sade
unmixed <> saf
unmixing <> Karış
unmoderated <> bütün
unmodifiable <> değiş
unmodified <> değiş
unmodulated <> modül
unmolested <> rahat
unmonitored <> izlen
unmoor <> fora
unmoor <> lenge
unmoor <> vira
unmoral <> ahlak
unmortgaged <> ipote
unmotorized <> motor
unmounted <> çerçe
unmounted <> atsız
unmounted <> monte
unmounted <> takıl
unmounting <> Ugur
unmounts <> ayırı
unmourned <> yas 
unmovable <> kımıl
unmovable <> taşın
unmoveable <> taşın
unmoved <> duygu
unmoved <> heyec
unmoved <> istif
unmoved <> yerin
unmoving <> harek
unmurmuring <> şikây
unmurmuring <> homur
unmusical <> ahenk
unmusical <> geçim
unmusical <> uyums
unmuzzle <> burun
unmuzzle <> konuş
unmyelinated <> miyel
unnail <> çivil
unnamable <> haddi
unnamable <> ifade
unnamed <> adı 
unnamed <> adsız
unnamed <> bahse
unnamed <> isims
unnatural <> anorm
unnatural <> doğal
unnatural <> doğay
unnatural <> insan
unnatural <> sapık
unnatural <> yapay
unnatural <> yapma
unnaturally <> doğal
unnavigable <> deniz
unnecessarily <> boşu
unnecessarily <> boşun
unnecessarily <> gerek
unnecessary <> gereğ
unnecessary <> gerek
unnecessary <> lüzum
unneeded <> gerek
unneeded <> lüzum
unneedful <> fazla
unneedful <> gerek
unnegotiable <> ciro
unnegotiable <> devre
unnegotiable <> paray
unneighborly <> komşu
unneighbourly <> komşu
unnerve <> cesar
unnerve <> sinir
unnerves <> esin
unnerving <> sinir
unnormalized <> Norma
unnoted <> gözde
unnoted <> göze
unnoted <> tanın
unnoticeable <> farke
unnoticed <> farke
unnoticed <> gözde
unnoticed <> göze
unnumbered <> numar
unnumbered <> sayıl
unnumbered <> sayıs
unobjectionable <> aleyh
unobjectionable <> itira
unobjectionable <> sakın
unobliging <> aldır
unobliging <> fayda
unobliging <> ilgis
unobliging <> yarar
unobservable <> gözle
unobservant <> dikka
unobserved <> dikka
unobserved <> farke
unobserved <> gözde
unobstructed <> açık
unobstructed <> engel
unobstructed <> kapat
unobtainable <> bulun
unobtainable <> elde
unobtainable <> sağla
unobtrusive <> göze
unobtrusive <> kendi
unobtrusive <> mütev
unobtrusively <> dikka
unoccupied <> boş
unoccupied <> işsiz
unoccupied <> oturu
unoffending <> dokun
unoffending <> zarar
unofficial <> gayri
unofficial <> resmi
unofficially <> gayri
unopened <> açılm
unopened <> kapal
unopposed <> karşı
unopposed <> muhal
unopposed <> rakip
unordered <> sıras
unordering <> UNORD
unordinary <> sırad
unorganised <> örgüt
unorganised <> organ
unorganised <> sendi
unorganized <> örgüt
unorganized <> organ
unorganized <> sendi
unoriginal <> başla
unoriginal <> oriji
unorthodox <> Ortod
unostentatious <> göste
unowned <> sahip
unpack <> açmak
unpack <> bavul
unpack <> boşal
unpackaged <> ambal
unpacked <> çözdü
unpacking <> açma
unpacks <> açar
unpaid <> ödenm
unpaid <> ücret
unpaid <> alaca
unpaid <> karşı
unpaid <> pulsu
unpainted <> boyan
unpainted <> boyas
unpaired <> eşleş
unpalatable <> hoş 
unpalatable <> tatsı
unparalleled <> benze
unparalleled <> eşsiz
unpardonable <> affed
unpardonable <> bağış
unparliamentary <> kaba
unparliamentary <> parla
unparsed <> çözüm
unpartitioned <> bölüm
unpasteurised <> Pastö
unpasteurized <> pastö
unpatented <> paten
unpatriotic <> vatan
unpause <> devam
unpaused <> durak
unpausing <> durak
unpaved <> asfal
unpedigreed <> cins
unpedigreed <> soyu
unpeeled <> soyul
unpeople <> nüfus
unperceived <> anlaş
unperceived <> farkı
unperforated <> delik
unperformed <> oynan
unperformed <> yapıl
unperformed <> yerin
unperfumed <> parfü
unpermissible <> Oysa
unpermitted <> izins
unperson <> adam
unperson <> gözde
unperturbed <> istif
unperturbed <> sakin
unperturbed <> soğuk
unpick <> çözme
unpick <> ayırm
unpick <> sökme
unpicked <> dikiş
unpicked <> seçil
unpiloted <> pilot
unpin <> açmak
unpin <> toplu
unpitied <> acıma
unpitied <> merha
unpitying <> amans
unplaced <> ilk
unplaced <> ilk 
unplaced <> konul
unplaced <> yerle
unplait <> örgüs
unplait <> açmak
unplanned <> plans
unplayable <> çalın
unplayable <> oynan
unplayed <> Unpla
unpleasant <> çirki
unpleasant <> hoş 
unpleasant <> nahoş
unpleasant <> sıkıc
unpleasant <> tatsı
unpleasantly <> fena
unpleasantly <> soğuk
unpleasantness <> hoş 
unpleasantness <> kavga
unpleasantness <> tatsı
unpleasurable <> hazsı
unplug <> çıkar
unplug <> fişin
unplugging <> fişte
unplumbed <> derin
unplumbed <> iskan
unplumbed <> keşfe
unpoetic <> şiirs
unpoetical <> şiirs
unpolished <> boyan
unpolished <> cilal
unpolished <> cilas
unpolished <> kaba
unpolished <> terbi
unpolitic <> polit
unpolitic <> siyas
unpolitical <> polit
unpolitical <> siyas
unpolled <> seçme
unpolluted <> kirle
unpolluted <> temiz
unpopular <> popül
unpopular <> rağbe
unpopular <> tutul
unpopulated <> ıssız
unposted <> Gönde
unposted <> bilgi
unposted <> haber
unposted <> posta
unpowered <> besle
unpractical <> kulla
unpractical <> prati
unpractical <> uygul
unpracticed <> deney
unpracticed <> prati
unpracticed <> tecrü
unpractised <> deney
unpractised <> prati
unpractised <> tecrü
unprecedented <> örneğ
unprecedented <> benze
unprecedented <> eşi
unprecedented <> eşi 
unprecedentedly <> emsal
unpredictable <> önced
unpredictable <> öngör
unpredictable <> ne 
unpredictable <> sağı
unpredicted <> bekle
unprejudiced <> önyar
unprejudiced <> hakla
unprejudiced <> peşin
unprejudiced <> taraf
unpremeditated <> önced
unpremeditated <> kasıt
unprepared <> hazır
unpreparedly <> hazır
unpreparedness <> hazır
unprepossessing <> çekic
unprepossessing <> cazib
unprepossessing <> itici
unprepossessing <> sevim
unprescribed <> reçet
unpresentable <> insan
unpresentable <> sunul
unpresentable <> takdi
unpreserved <> preze
unpressed <> baskı
unpressurised <> Basın
unpressurized <> basın
unpresuming <> alçak
unpresuming <> mütev
unpretending <> alçak
unpretending <> göste
unpretending <> iddia
unpretending <> mütev
unpretentious <> alçak
unpretentious <> göste
unpretentious <> iddia
unpretentious <> mütev
unpretentiousness <> göste
unpretentiousness <> iddia
unpretentiousness <> tevaz
unpretty <> sevim
unprincipled <> ahlak
unprincipled <> prens
unprintable <> basıl
unprintable <> müste
unprinted <> basıl
unprinted <> baskı
unprinted <> desen
unprivileged <> ayrıc
unprivileged <> imtiy
unprocessed <> işlen
unprocurable <> bulun
unprocurable <> elde
unproductive <> atıl
unproductive <> berek
unproductive <> kâr e
unproductive <> verim
unproductively <> verim
unproductiveness <> berek
unproductiveness <> kârsı
unproductiveness <> verim
unproductivity <> verim
unprofessional <> mesle
unprofessional <> profe
unprofitable <> boş
unprofitable <> fayda
unprofitable <> kâr e
unprofitable <> kârsı
unprofitable <> verim
unprogressive <> geliş
unprogressive <> geric
unprogressive <> ilerl
unprogressive <> tutuc
unpromising <> ümit
unpromising <> gelec
unpromising <> umut
unprompted <> ihtiy
unprompted <> isteğ
unprompted <> istem
unpronouncable <> ağza
unpronouncable <> telâf
unpronounceable <> telaf
unpropitious <> elver
unpropitious <> uygun
unprotect <> korum
unprotected <> açık
unprotected <> korum
unprotected <> korun
unprotectedness <> korun
unprovable <> kanıt
unproved <> ispat
unproven <> ispat
unprovided <> gafil
unprovided <> hazır
unprovided <> mahru
unprovided <> yoksu
unprovisioned <> Hazır
unprovoked <> kışkı
unprovoked <> sebep
unprovoked <> tahri
unpublish <> yayın
unpublishable <> basıl
unpublishable <> yayın
unpublished <> açıkl
unpublished <> basıl
unpublished <> yayın
unpunctual <> dakik
unpunctual <> geç 
unpunishable <> cezal
unpunishable <> cezay
unpunished <> cezal
unpunished <> cezas
unpurchasable <> üzere
unqualified <> şarts
unqualified <> diplo
unqualified <> ehliy
unqualified <> koşul
unqualified <> mutlâ
unqualified <> vasıf
unqualified <> yeter
unquenchable <> bastı
unquenchable <> söndü
unquenchable <> sönme
unquestionable <> kesin
unquestionable <> sorgu
unquestionable <> su 
unquestionable <> tartı
unquestionably <> tartı
unquestioned <> şüphe
unquestioned <> kesin
unquestioned <> sorgu
unquestioning <> kayıt
unquestioning <> kesin
unquestioningly <> kayıt
unquestioningly <> kesin
unquiet <> huzur
unquote <> tırna
unquoted <> alınt
unquoted <> kayıt
unranked <> Derec
unrated <> derec
unravel <> çözül
unravel <> çözme
unravel <> aydın
unravel <> sökül
unravel <> sökme
unraveled <> sökül
unraveling <> çözül
unravelled <> sökül
unravelling <> çözül
unreachability <> ulaşı
unreachable <> erişi
unreacted <> girme
unreactive <> reakt
unread <> cahil
unread <> okuma
unread <> okunm
unreadable <> okuna
unreadable <> sıkıc
unreadiness <> hazır
unready <> çabuk
unready <> hazır
unreal <> düşse
unreal <> gerçe
unreal <> hayal
unreal <> sahte
unrealised <> anlaş
unrealised <> gerçe
unrealised <> idrak
unrealistic <> gerçe
unrealistically <> gerçe
unreality <> gerçe
unrealizable <> gerçe
unrealizable <> satıl
unrealized <> anlaş
unrealized <> gerçe
unrealized <> idrak
unreason <> akıls
unreason <> anlam
unreason <> mantı
unreasonable <> aşırı
unreasonable <> abes
unreasonable <> akıl
unreasonable <> anlam
unreasonable <> fahiş
unreasonable <> lâf a
unreasonable <> makul
unreasonable <> mantı
unreasonable <> saçma
unreasonableness <> makul
unreasonably <> sebep
unreasoning <> akıl
unreasoning <> akıls
unreasoning <> mantı
unreceipted <> fatur
unreceipted <> fişsi
unreceptive <> açık
unreceptive <> kavra
unreceptive <> kolay
unreclaimed <> değiş
unreclaimed <> geri
unreclaimed <> işlen
unreclaimed <> vazge
unrecognisable <> tanın
unrecognised <> kıyme
unrecognised <> kabul
unrecognised <> onayl
unrecognised <> tanın
unrecognizable <> tanın
unrecognized <> kıyme
unrecognized <> kabul
unrecognized <> onayl
unrecognized <> tanın
unreconciled <> barış
unreconciled <> uzlaş
unrecorded <> boş
unrecorded <> kayıt
unrecorded <> kayde
unrecorded <> yazıl
unrecoverable <> kurta
unrecoverably <> kurta
unrecovered <> kekem
unrectified <> düzel
unredeemable <> Düzel
unredeemed <> ödenm
unredeemed <> azalt
unredeemed <> günah
unredeemed <> rehin
unredeemed <> tam
unredeemed <> tutul
unredeemed <> yerin
unredressed <> düzel
unredressed <> telâf
unreel <> makar
unrefined <> arıtı
unrefined <> ham
unrefined <> kaba
unreflecting <> düşün
unreflecting <> hiç 
unreflecting <> yansı
unreformed <> düzel
unreformed <> yola
unrefrigerated <> soğut
unrefuted <> çürüt
unrefuted <> yalan
unregarded <> önems
unregarded <> ihmal
unregeneracy <> tövbe
unregenerate <> ahlak
unregenerate <> düzel
unregenerate <> tövbe
unregister <> kaydı
unregistered <> kayıt
unregistered <> kayde
unregistered <> taahh
unregistering <> kaydı
unregisters <> kaydı
unregulated <> düzen
unrehearsed <> doğaç
unrehearsed <> hazır
unrehearsed <> prova
unrein <> dizgi
unrein <> serbe
unreinforced <> Katkı
unrelated <> akrab
unrelated <> alâka
unrelated <> bağla
unrelated <> ilgis
unrelenting <> acıma
unrelenting <> boyun
unrelenting <> gevşe
unrelenting <> katı
unrelenting <> sert
unreliability <> kaypa
unreliable <> güven
unreliable <> inanı
unreliable <> kaypa
unrelieved <> hafif
unremarkable <> norma
unremedied <> düzel
unremitting <> aralı
unremitting <> devam
unremitting <> sürek
unremunerative <> kârsı
unremunerative <> kazan
unrepair <> harap
unrepair <> tamir
unrepaired <> onarı
unrepealed <> feshe
unrepealed <> iptal
unrepentant <> pişma
unrepentant <> tövbe
unrepented <> pişma
unreported <> bildi
unrepresentative <> temsi
unrepresented <> temsi
unreproved <> azarl
unrequested <> isten
unrequired <> isten
unrequited <> ödüll
unrequited <> cezas
unrequited <> karşı
unreserved <> çekin
unreserved <> açık
unreserved <> koşul
unreserved <> sınır
unreserved <> tam
unreservedly <> Çekin
unresistant <> dayan
unresisting <> diren
unresisting <> karşı
unresolvable <> çözüm
unresolved <> çözüm
unresolved <> çözün
unresolved <> ayrış
unresolved <> karar
unresponsive <> ihtiy
unresponsive <> tepki
unresponsiveness <> yanıt
unrest <> huzur
unrest <> karış
unrest <> rahat
unrestful <> huzur
unrestful <> rahat
unrestful <> sıkın
unresting <> durma
unrestored <> otlar
unrestrained <> frenl
unrestrained <> kontr
unrestrained <> serbe
unrestraint <> denet
unrestraint <> sınır
unrestraint <> serbe
unrestricted <> kısıt
unrestricted <> sınır
unrestricted <> serbe
unrestrictedly <> sınır
unreturned <> cevap
unreturned <> geri
unreturned <> karşı
unreturned <> yenid
unrevealing <> sonuç
unreviewed <> incel
unrevised <> düzel
unrevised <> tekra
unrewarded <> ödüll
unrewarding <> ödüll
unrhymed <> kafiy
unriddle <> çözme
unriddle <> halle
unrig <> donan
unrig <> sökme
unrighteous <> adale
unrighteous <> günah
unrighteous <> haksı
unrighteous <> kötü
unrighteousness <> adale
unrighteousness <> haksı
unrip <> dikiş
unrip <> yırtı
unripe <> ham
unripe <> kabak
unripe <> olgun
unripe <> olmam
unripened <> olgun
unripeness <> hamlı
unripeness <> olgun
unrivaled <> eşsiz
unrivaled <> rakip
unrivalled <> eşsiz
unrivalled <> rakip
unrobe <> soyma
unroll <> açmak
unroll <> göz
unroll <> göz 
unrolling <> açıla
unromantic <> roman
unroof <> çatıs
unrope <> çözül
unrope <> çözme
unrope <> ipini
unrotated <> döndü
unround <> düz
unround <> düz 
unruffled <> düzgü
unruffled <> durgu
unruffled <> sakin
unruffled <> telâş
unruled <> çizgi
unruled <> kendi
unruly <> asi
unruly <> azılı
unruly <> ele 
unruly <> serke
unruptured <> kanam
unsaddle <> attan
unsaddle <> eyeri
unsaddled <> eyers
unsafe <> emin
unsafe <> emniy
unsafe <> güven
unsafe <> tehli
unsafely <> güven
unsaid <> dile
unsaid <> söyle
unsalable <> sürüm
unsalable <> satıl
unsalaried <> fahri
unsalaried <> maaşs
unsalted <> tuzsu
unsanctioned <> onayl
unsanitary <> sağlı
unsatisfaction <> doyum
unsatisfactory <> sudan
unsatisfactory <> tatmi
unsatisfactory <> yeter
unsatisfied <> ödenm
unsatisfied <> tatmi
unsatisfied <> yerin
unsatisfied <> yeter
unsatisfying <> sudan
unsatisfying <> tatmi
unsatisfying <> yeter
unsaturated <> doyma
unsaturation <> doyma
unsaved <> kayde
unsavory <> berba
unsavory <> kötü
unsavory <> lezze
unsavory <> tadı
unsavoury <> berba
unsavoury <> kötü
unsavoury <> lezze
unsavoury <> tadı
unsay <> sözün
unsaying <> Unsay
unscalable <> tırma
unscaled <> ölçek
unscannable <> Taran
unscarred <> nedbe
unscathed <> incin
unscathed <> sağ 
unscathed <> yaras
unscathed <> zarar
unscented <> kokus
unscheduled <> plânl
unscheduled <> progr
unscholarly <> bilgi
unscholarly <> okuma
unschooled <> doğal
unschooled <> eğiti
unschooled <> okuma
unscientific <> bilim
unscramble <> çözme
unscramble <> düzel
unscramble <> deşif
unscrambled <> şifre
unscrambler <> Unscr
unscramblers <> şişel
unscratchable <> çizil
unscratched <> çizik
unscreened <> zırhs
unscrew <> vidal
unscrewed <> sökül
unscrewing <> gevşe
unscripted <> önced
unscripted <> yazıd
unscrupulous <> ahlak
unscrupulous <> vicda
unseal <> açığa
unseal <> açmak
unseal <> mührü
unsealed <> açık
unsealed <> açılm
unsealed <> mühür
unsealed <> sonuç
unsearchable <> araşt
unsearchable <> gizli
unseasonable <> mevsi
unseasonable <> yersi
unseasonable <> zaman
unseasoned <> çeşni
unseasoned <> acemi
unseasoned <> alışm
unseasoned <> bahar
unseasoned <> fırın
unseat <> binic
unseat <> görev
unseat <> koltu
unseat <> sırtı
unseat <> yerin
unseated <> görev
unsecure <> güven
unsecured <> güven
unsecured <> sağla
unsecured <> temin
unseeable <> görül
unseeded <> derec
unseeing <> dikka
unseeing <> görme
unseeing <> kör
unseemliness <> uygun
unseemliness <> yakış
unseemly <> münas
unseemly <> olmaz
unseemly <> uygun
unseemly <> yakış
unseen <> ön 
unseen <> görül
unseen <> görün
unseen <> gizli
unselect <> kaldı
unselected <> seçil
unselfish <> özgec
unselfish <> özver
unselfish <> benci
unselfish <> fedak
unselfish <> kendi
unselfishness <> özver
unselfishness <> fedak
unselfishness <> kendi
unsensational <> duygu
unsensational <> heyec
unsensational <> sıkıc
unsent <> gönde
unseparable <> ayrıl
unserviceable <> işe 
unserviceable <> kulla
unserviceable <> yarar
unsets <> ise
unsetting <> Tanım
unsettle <> düzen
unsettle <> heyec
unsettle <> huzur
unsettle <> karış
unsettle <> sarsm
unsettle <> yerin
unsettled <> ödenm
unsettled <> askıd
unsettled <> belir
unsettled <> huzur
unsettled <> karar
unsettled <> oturm
unsettled <> yerle
unsettles <> yıkar
unsettling <> rahat
unsex <> kadın
unshackle <> serbe
unshackle <> zinci
unshackled <> serbe
unshackled <> unsha
unshade <> Gölge
unshaded <> gölge
unshaded <> karar
unshaded <> sert
unshakable <> metin
unshakable <> sağla
unshakable <> sarsı
unshakeable <> sarsı
unshaken <> metin
unshaken <> sağla
unshaken <> sarsı
unshaped <> şekil
unshapely <> şekil
unshapely <> biçim
unshared <> payla
unsharp <> Unsha
unsharpened <> bilen
unshaved <> tıraş
unshaven <> tıraş
unsheathe <> kının
unsheathed <> kının
unshed <> akmam
unshed <> dökül
unshell <> kabuğ
unshelled <> kabuk
unsheltered <> korum
unsheltered <> siper
unshielded <> blend
unshifted <> elenm
unshifted <> kalbu
unship <> fora
unship <> gemid
unshod <> ayakk
unshod <> nalsı
unshod <> yalın
unshorn <> saçı
unshortened <> kısal
unshrinkable <> çekme
unshrinkable <> büzül
unshrinkable <> küçül
unshrinking <> çekin
unshrinking <> çekme
unshrinking <> sarsı
unshutter <> kepen
unsighted <> görül
unsighted <> görme
unsighted <> kör
unsighted <> nişan
unsightly <> çirki
unsightly <> göz 
unsightly <> göze
unsigned <> imzas
unsigned <> notay
unsimplified <> Sadel
unsinkable <> batma
unsized <> karış
unsized <> kolal
unsized <> numar
unskilful <> becer
unskilful <> yeten
unskilled <> acemi
unskilled <> becer
unskilled <> deney
unskilled <> vasıf
unskimmed <> kayma
unslaked <> bastı
unslaked <> doyma
unslaked <> sönme
unsleeping <> uykus
unsleeping <> uyuma
unsling <> askıd
unsmiling <> ciddi
unsmiling <> gülme
unsmiling <> somur
unsnarl <> açmak
unsnarl <> unsna
unsociable <> çekin
unsociable <> sokul
unsocial <> çekin
unsocial <> asosy
unsocial <> sokul
unsoiled <> lekes
unsoiled <> temiz
unsold <> elde
unsold <> satıl
unsolder <> lehim
unsoldierly <> asker
unsolicited <> isten
unsolicited <> talep
unsolvable <> çözül
unsolvable <> çözüm
unsolved <> çözül
unsolved <> halle
unsophisticated <> bozul
unsophisticated <> deney
unsophisticated <> doğal
unsophisticated <> içeri
unsophisticated <> kafas
unsophisticated <> sade
unsophisticated <> saf
unsorted <> Sıral
unsought <> araşt
unsought <> aranm
unsound <> çürük
unsound <> bozuk
unsound <> güven
unsound <> geçer
unsound <> hafif
unsound <> hasta
unsound <> hatal
unsound <> sağlı
unsoundness <> çürük
unsoundness <> bozuk
unsoundness <> güven
unsoundness <> geçer
unsoundness <> hasta
unsoundness <> sağlı
unsourced <> Unsou
unsparing <> bitme
unsparing <> bol
unsparing <> cömer
unsparing <> esirg
unsparing <> kıyan
unspeakable <> kelim
unspecific <> belir
unspecified <> özell
unspecified <> belir
unspent <> harca
unspent <> yorul
unspiritual <> manev
unsplinterable <> dağıl
unsplinterable <> kırıl
unsplit <> bölün
unspoiled <> çürüm
unspoiled <> şımar
unspoiled <> bozul
unspoilt <> çürüm
unspoilt <> şımar
unspoilt <> bozul
unspoken <> söyle
unsporting <> sport
unsportsmanlike <> centi
unsportsmanlike <> sport
unspotted <> benek
unspotted <> farke
unspotted <> görün
unspotted <> lekes
unspotted <> temiz
unsprung <> yayla
unstabilities <> olara
unstability <> istik
unstabilized <> stabi
unstable <> değiş
unstable <> denge
unstable <> güven
unstable <> istik
unstable <> karar
unstable <> oynak
unstable <> sağla
unstack <> yığıt
unstainable <> boya
unstained <> lekes
unstained <> renks
unstained <> temiz
unstamped <> damga
unstamped <> pulsu
unstated <> almay
unsteadiness <> değiş
unsteadiness <> istik
unsteadiness <> karar
unsteadiness <> sabit
unsteady <> düzen
unsteady <> değiş
unsteady <> güven
unsteady <> istik
unsteady <> karar
unsteady <> sabit
unsteady <> salla
unstick <> ayırm
unstick <> kopar
unstinted <> bol
unstinted <> esirg
unstinted <> kısıt
unstinted <> sınır
unstitch <> dikiş
unstitch <> sökme
unstitched <> dikiş
unstitched <> sökül
unstitching <> sökme
unstop <> açmak
unstop <> tıkan
unstop <> tıpas
unstoppable <> durdu
unstrained <> filtr
unstrained <> geril
unstrained <> süzül
unstrained <> yapma
unstrap <> askıs
unstrap <> kayış
unstratified <> tabak
unstressed <> geril
unstressed <> vurgu
unstring <> gevşe
unstring <> ipini
unstring <> ipten
unstring <> sinir
unstring <> telle
unstructured <> yapıl
unstrung <> ipsiz
unstrung <> sinir
unstrung <> telle
unstuck <> ayrıl
unstuck <> gevşe
unstudied <> önced
unstudied <> üzeri
unstudied <> doğal
unstudied <> yapma
unsubmissive <> asi
unsubmissive <> dik 
unsubscribe <> çıkma
unsubscribed <> abone
unsubscribes <> abone
unsubscribing <> abone
unsubstantial <> önems
unsubstantial <> besle
unsubstantial <> gerçe
unsubstantial <> hafif
unsubstantiated <> doğru
unsubstantiated <> ispat
unsubstantiated <> neden
unsuccess <> başar
unsuccessful <> şanss
unsuccessful <> başar
unsuccessfully <> başar
unsufficient <> firma
unsuitability <> uygun
unsuitability <> uymam
unsuitable <> elver
unsuitable <> uygun
unsuitable <> uymay
unsuitable <> uymaz
unsuited <> elver
unsuited <> uygun
unsullied <> lekes
unsullied <> terte
unsung <> duyul
unsung <> tanın
unsupervised <> denet
unsupportable <> deste
unsupported <> deste
unsupportive <> deste
unsure <> emin
unsure <> emniy
unsure <> riskl
unsurmountable <> aşılm
unsurpassable <> aşılm
unsurpassable <> geçil
unsurpassed <> üstün
unsurpassed <> eşsiz
unsurprising <> şaşır
unsurprisingly <> şaşır
unsusceptible <> aldır
unsusceptible <> etkil
unsusceptible <> hassa
unsuspected <> şüphe
unsuspected <> umulm
unsuspecting <> şüphe
unsuspecting <> kuşku
unsuspended <> askıy
unsuspicious <> şüphe
unsuspicious <> güven
unsuspicious <> kuşku
unsuspicious <> saf
unsustainable <> sürdü
unsweet <> Unswe
unsweetened <> şeker
unsweetened <> tatla
unsweetened <> tatsı
unswerving <> şaşma
unswerving <> değiş
unswerving <> sapma
unswerving <> yolun
unsworn <> yemin
unsymmetric <> simet
unsymmetrical <> asime
unsympathetic <> anlay
unsympathetic <> halde
unsympathetic <> sevim
unsympathetic <> soğuk
unsynchronized <> eşitl
unsystematic <> plans
unsystematic <> siste
untagged <> etike
untainted <> bozul
untainted <> lekes
untainted <> namus
untalented <> becer
untalented <> kabil
untalented <> yeten
untamable <> evcil
untamed <> evcil
untamed <> yaban
untampered <> oynan
untangle <> çözme
untangle <> açmak
untangle <> halle
untangling <> sadel
untanned <> bronz
untanned <> tabak
untanned <> yanma
untapped <> delin
untapped <> kulla
untapped <> tıpas
untarnished <> karar
untarnished <> lekes
untasted <> tadıl
untaught <> öğret
untaught <> doğuş
untaught <> eğiti
untaught <> okuma
untaxed <> vergi
unteachable <> öğren
unteachable <> öğret
unteachable <> söz 
untempered <> su 
untempered <> tavla
untempered <> yatış
untenable <> savun
untenantable <> kiral
untenanted <> kirac
untenanted <> kiral
unterminated <> sonla
untested <> denen
untether <> zinci
unthank <> Untha
unthankful <> şükra
unthankful <> nankö
unthinkable <> akla
unthinkable <> düşün
unthinkable <> olana
unthinking <> düşün
unthinkingly <> düşün
unthought <> düşün
unthread <> açmak
unthread <> ipini
unthread <> ipten
unthread <> yolun
unthreaded <> akıtı
unthrifty <> müsri
unthrifty <> savur
unthrifty <> tutum
unthrifty <> verim
unthrone <> tahtt
untidier <> az
untidiness <> düzen
untidiness <> dağın
untidiness <> pasak
untidy <> düzen
untidy <> dağıl
untidy <> dağın
untidy <> derbe
untidy <> kılık
untidy <> pasak
untidy <> savru
untie <> çözme
untie <> açmak
untie <> halle
untied <> çözdü
untieing <> çözme
until <> -ince
until <> değin
until <> dek
until <> kadar
untilled <> işlen
untilted <> Until
untimed <> zaman
untimeliness <> yersi
untimeliness <> zaman
untimely <> münas
untimely <> vakit
untimely <> vakti
untimely <> yersi
untimely <> zaman
untired <> yorul
untiring <> yorul
untitled <> isims
unto <> dedil
untold <> açıkl
untold <> anlat
untold <> hesap
untold <> söyle
untold <> sayıs
untold <> tarif
untolerable <> hoşgö
untouchability <> dokun
untouchable <> dokun
untouchable <> parya
untouchable <> ulaşı
untouchables <> dokun
untouched <> bakir
untouched <> bozul
untouched <> dokun
untouched <> el 
untouched <> ellen
untouched <> etkil
untouched <> rötuş
untoward <> şanss
untoward <> aksi
untoward <> huysu
untoward <> uğurs
untoward <> uygun
untoward <> yersi
untraceable <> izi 
untraceable <> izlen
untracked <> izlen
untrained <> acemi
untrained <> antre
untrained <> eğiti
untrained <> tecrü
untrained <> terbi
untrammeled <> engel
untrammeled <> kısıt
untrammeled <> serbe
untrammelled <> engel
untrammelled <> kısıt
untrammelled <> serbe
untransferable <> devre
untransformed <> setin
untranslatable <> çevir
untranslatable <> tercü
untranslated <> çevri
untraveled <> dar 
untraveled <> kulla
untravelled <> dar 
untravelled <> kulla
untreatable <> tedav
untreated <> arıtı
untried <> bakıl
untried <> denen
untried <> yargı
untrimmed <> kesil
untrodden <> ayak
untrodden <> bakir
untroubled <> derts
untroubled <> durgu
untroubled <> rahat
untroubled <> sıkın
untroubled <> sakin
untrue <> eğri
untrue <> sadak
untrue <> sahte
untrue <> uydur
untrue <> vefas
untrue <> yalan
untrue <> yanlı
untrust <> içme
untrusted <> güven
untrustworthiness <> dönek
untrustworthiness <> güven
untrustworthy <> dönek
untrustworthy <> güven
untrusty <> güven
untruth <> asıls
untruth <> sahte
untruth <> uydur
untruth <> vefas
untruth <> yalan
untruthful <> asıls
untruthful <> sahte
untruthful <> uydur
untruthful <> vefas
untruthful <> yalan
untuned <> ahenk
untuned <> akort
untuned <> uyums
untuneful <> melod
untuneful <> nağme
unturned <> çevri
untutored <> cahil
untutored <> eğiti
untutored <> saf
untwine <> çözül
untwine <> çözme
untwine <> açılm
untwine <> açmak
untwine <> halle
untwist <> çözme
untwist <> açılm
untwist <> açmak
untwist <> halle
untwisted <> büküm
untying <> depon
untyped <> türsü
unusable <> fayda
unusable <> kulla
unused <> alışm
unused <> kulla
unused <> yepye
unusual <> acayi
unusual <> alışı
unusual <> ender
unusual <> nadir
unusual <> olağa
unusual <> tuhaf
unusually <> olağa
unusualness <> olağa
unutilised <> kulla
unutilized <> kulla
unutterable <> ağza
unutterable <> aşağı
unutterable <> kelim
unutterable <> söyle
unutterable <> tarif
unvaccinated <> aşıla
unvalued <> önems
unvalued <> değer
unvalued <> paha
unvaried <> aynı
unvaried <> değiş
unvarnished <> çıpla
unvarnished <> cilas
unvarnished <> süssü
unvarnished <> salt
unvarnished <> verni
unvarnished <> yalın
unvarying <> değiş
unveil <> örtüs
unveil <> açığa
unveil <> açıkl
unveil <> açılı
unveil <> ortay
unveil <> peçes
unveiled <> açıkl
unveiling <> açıkl
unveils <> tanıt
unventilated <> Haval
unverifiable <> doğru
unverified <> doğru
unverified <> tetki
unversed <> acemi
unversed <> tecrü
unviewed <> Unvie
unvisited <> ziyar
unvoiced <> ünsüz
unvoiced <> açıkl
unvoiced <> söyle
unvoiced <> sessi
unvouched <> doğru
unvouched <> teyid
unvouchered <> belge
unwalled <> duvar
unwanted <> isten
unwariness <> ihtiy
unwariness <> tedbi
unwarlike <> barış
unwarped <> eğril
unwarped <> taraf
unwarped <> yamul
unwarrantable <> özürs
unwarrantable <> hoşgö
unwarrantable <> mazur
unwarrantable <> savun
unwarranted <> haksı
unwarranted <> hoşgö
unwarranted <> mazur
unwarranted <> yersi
unwary <> dikka
unwary <> gafil
unwary <> ihtiy
unwary <> tedbi
unwary <> uyanı
unwashed <> yıkan
unwatched <> izlen
unwavering <> değiş
unwavering <> sabit
unwavering <> sarsı
unwearied <> yorul
unwearying <> bıkma
unwearying <> yorul
unwed <> bekâr
unwed <> evlen
unwedded <> bekâr
unwedded <> evlen
unweighted <> ağırl
unwelcome <> hoş 
unwelcome <> isten
unwelcome <> tatsı
unwelded <> kayna
unwell <> hasta
unwell <> iyi 
unwell <> keyif
unwell <> rahat
unwept <> ardın
unwept <> dökül
unwetted <> ıslat
unwholesome <> ağır
unwholesome <> ahlâk
unwholesome <> hasta
unwholesome <> sağlı
unwholesome <> zarar
unwieldiness <> hanta
unwieldly <> ağır
unwieldly <> hanta
unwieldly <> haval
unwieldly <> kulla
unwieldy <> ağır
unwieldy <> hanta
unwieldy <> haval
unwieldy <> kulla
unwilled <> İstem
unwilling <> gönül
unwilling <> istek
unwillingly <> gönül
unwillingly <> istek
unwillingly <> istem
unwillingness <> gönül
unwillingness <> istek
unwind <> çözme
unwind <> açılm
unwind <> açmak
unwind <> dolan
unwind <> gevşe
unwinder <> sarıc
unwinding <> çözül
unwinds <> Boş
unwinking <> dik 
unwinking <> tetik
unwinking <> uyanı
unwired <> kablo
unwisdom <> akıls
unwise <> akıls
unwise <> makul
unwisely <> akıls
unwished <> dileğ
unwitting <> farkı
unwitting <> haber
unwitting <> kasıt
unwittingly <> farkı
unwomanliness <> kadın
unwomanly <> kadın
unwonted <> alışı
unwonted <> alışm
unwonted <> nadir
unwonted <> olağa
unworkable <> işlen
unworkable <> kulla
unworkable <> uygul
unworked <> çıkar
unworked <> işlen
unworking <> Mesai
unworkmanlike <> iyi 
unworkmanlike <> ustac
unworldly <> bu 
unworldly <> manev
unworldly <> ruhan
unworldly <> saf
unworldly <> toy
unworn <> hiç
unworn <> hiç 
unworn <> terte
unworn <> yepye
unworthiness <> değer
unworthy <> aşağı
unworthy <> alçak
unworthy <> değme
unworthy <> hak 
unworthy <> lâyık
unworthy <> yakış
unwound <> çözül
unwound <> açılm
unwound <> kurul
unwrap <> açmak
unwrap <> paket
unwrinkled <> kırış
unwritable <> yazıl
unwritten <> yazıl
unwrought <> işlen
unyielding <> boyun
unyielding <> inatç
unyielding <> sert
unyoke <> boyun
unzip <> diren
unzip <> fermu
unzip <> halle
up <> çıkış
up <> çıkmı
up <> önde
up <> ümitl
up <> üstün
up <> şehre
up <> artış
up <> artır
up <> ayakl
up <> ayakt
up <> dik
up <> hepsi
up <> içeri
up <> kalk
up <> keyif
up <> kuzey
up <> mutlu
up <> olmak
up <> olmuş
up <> tepes
up <> uyarı
up <> uyuşt
up <> yükse
up <> yaşas
up <> yukar
upas <> upas
upbeat <> eğlen
upbeat <> neşel
upbeat <> vurgu
upbeats <> Upbea
upbraid <> çıkış
upbraid <> azarl
upbraid <> haşla
upbraided <> azarl
upbraiding <> azarl
upbringing <> yetiş
upcast <> hava
upcast <> yukar
upchuck <> kusar
upchuck <> kusma
upcoming <> Yakla
upcoming <> meyda
upcoming <> olmak
upcountry <> ülken
upcountry <> iç 
upcountry <> taşra
updatable <> günce
update <> günce
update <> moder
updated <> günce
updater <> günce
updates <> günce
updating <> günce
updatings <> son 
updo <> kabar
updraft <> havan
updraft <> yukar
updraught <> havan
updraught <> yukar
upend <> altüs
upend <> başaş
upend <> boca
upend <> dikin
upend <> dikme
upend <> tersi
upflow <> yukar
upfront <> önde
upfront <> açık
upfront <> belir
upfront <> belli
upfront <> dürüs
upgaze <> yukar
upgradability <> yükse
upgradable <> yükse
upgrade <> artır
upgrade <> artan
upgrade <> düzel
upgrade <> iyile
upgrade <> terfi
upgrade <> yükse
upgrade <> yokuş
upgradeability <> yükse
upgradeable <> yükse
upgraded <> yükse
upgrader <> günce
upgrades <> yükse
upgrading <> yükse
upheaval <> ayakl
upheaval <> büyük
upheaval <> devri
upheaval <> kabar
upheaval <> karış
upheaval <> yükse
upheavals <> devri
upheave <> kaldı
upheave <> yükse
upheld <> onadı
uphill <> yükse
uphill <> yokuş
uphill <> yukar
uphill <> zahme
uphills <> yokuş
uphold <> deste
uphold <> devam
uphold <> kaldı
uphold <> onayl
uphold <> sürdü
uphold <> tutma
uphold <> uygun
upholder <> deste
upholder <> savun
upholding <> korum
upholds <> onadı
upholster <> döşem
upholster <> kapla
upholstered <> döşem
upholsterer <> döşem
upholsterer <> koltu
upholsterers <> DÖŞEM
upholsteries <> döşem
upholstering <> döşem
upholstery <> döşem
upkeep <> bakım
upkeep <> geçim
upland <> yayla
uplander <> Uplan
uplands <> yayla
uplift <> canla
uplift <> iyile
uplift <> kalkı
uplift <> ruhu
uplift <> yücel
uplift <> yükse
uplift <> yukar
uplifted <> yükse
uplifter <> Uplif
uplifting <> canla
uplifting <> neşel
uplifting <> ruhu
uplifts <> yükse
uplinks <> uplin
uploaded <> tarih
uploading <> yükle
uploads <> yükle
upmost <> elind
upmost <> en 
upmost <> olanc
upmost <> son
upmost <> son 
upo <> Upo
upon <> üzeri
upped <> artır
upper <> üst
upper <> üst 
upper <> üstte
upper <> amfet
upper <> uyarı
uppercase <> büyük
uppercut <> altta
uppercut <> apark
uppermost <> birin
uppermost <> en
uppermost <> en 
uppers <> ayakk
uppish <> kendi
uppish <> kibir
uppish <> mağru
uppity <> kendi
uppity <> kibir
uppity <> mağru
upraise <> havay
upraise <> kaldı
upraised <> havad
upregulated <> upreg
upregulating <> yukar
upregulation <> upreg
upright <> dürüs
upright <> dik
upright <> dik 
upright <> dikey
upright <> direk
upright <> kale
upright <> kalkı
upright <> kuyru
upright <> namus
uprightly <> dik
uprightly <> dikey
uprightly <> dimdi
uprightness <> dürüs
uprightness <> doğru
uprightness <> namus
uprights <> diki
uprise <> Upris
uprising <> ayakl
uprising <> başka
uprising <> isyan
uprising <> kabar
uprising <> kalkm
uprising <> yükse
uprisings <> ayakl
upriver <> akınt
upriver <> kayna
upriver <> nehri
upriver <> suyun
uproar <> şamat
uproar <> curcu
uproar <> gürül
uproar <> hengâ
uproar <> karga
uproarious <> şamat
uproarious <> curcu
uproarious <> gürül
uproarious <> kahka
uproot <> kökün
uproot <> uzakl
uprooted <> sökül
upscales <> yükse
upscaling <> geliş
upset <> üzgün
upset <> alabo
upset <> altüs
upset <> bekle
upset <> bozgu
upset <> bozma
upset <> bozuk
upset <> bozul
upset <> bulan
upset <> devir
upset <> devri
upset <> karış
upset <> keyfi
upset <> sinir
upsets <> kızdı
upsetters <> Upset
upsetting <> üzücü
upshot <> netic
upshot <> son
upshot <> sonuç
upside <> üst 
upside <> ters
upsidedown <> Upsid
upsilon <> Yunan
upsize <> yükse
upsized <> yükse
upsizing <> Yükse
upstage <> gölge
upstage <> hiçe
upstage <> küçük
upstage <> kendi
upstage <> kibir
upstage <> sahne
upstairs <> üst
upstairs <> üst 
upstairs <> aklen
upstairs <> kafad
upstairs <> yukar
upstand <> köşel
upstanding <> dürüs
upstanding <> dik
upstanding <> dinç
upstanding <> doğru
upstart <> birde
upstart <> sonra
upstart <> yeni
upstarts <> Upsta
upstate <> şehir
upstate <> şehri
upstate <> taşra
upstream <> akınt
upstream <> kayna
upstream <> memba
upstream <> nehri
upstream <> suyun
upstroke <> yukar
upsurge <> hızlı
upsurge <> kabar
upsurge <> yükse
upsweep <> teped
upsweep <> topuz
upsweep <> yukar
upswept <> teped
upswept <> yukar
upswing <> düzel
upswing <> ilerl
upswing <> iyile
upsy <> Upsy
uptake <> alımı
uptake <> anlam
uptake <> hava
uptake <> kaldı
uptake <> kavra
uptake <> kazan
uptakes <> tutul
upthrow <> yer
upthrow <> yer 
upthrow <> yukar
upthrust <> kabar
upthrust <> yükse
uptight <> gergi
uptight <> hırsl
uptight <> sinir
uptight <> telaş
uptight <> tutuc
uptimes <> uptim
uptown <> şehir
uptown <> şehri
uptrend <> ilerl
uptrend <> yükse
upturn <> çevir
upturn <> altüs
upturn <> düzel
upturn <> iyiye
upturn <> ters
upturn <> tersi
upturn <> yukar
upturned <> alabo
upturned <> kalkı
upturned <> ters
upward <> daha
upward <> itiba
upward <> yukar
upwards <> daha
upwards <> itiba
upwards <> yukar
upwind <> rüzgâ
urachus <> uraku
uracil <> urasi
uraemia <> üremi
uraemic <> Üremi
uraeus <> Uraeu
uranalysis <> idrar
urania <> Urani
uranian <> Uranü
uranite <> urani
uranium <> urany
uranography <> gök 
uranography <> gökci
uranous <> uranl
uranous <> urany
uranus <> Uranu
uranyl <> urani
urate <> ürat
urban <> şehir
urban <> şehre
urban <> kents
urbane <> ince
urbane <> kibar
urbane <> meden
urbane <> nazik
urbaneness <> kibar
urbaneness <> meden
urbaneness <> nezak
urbaneness <> uygar
urbanisation <> şehir
urbanisation <> kentl
urbanisation <> kibar
urbanisation <> nazik
urbanised <> kentl
urbanism <> şehir
urbanist <> şehir
urbanistic <> kents
urbanite <> şehir
urbanites <> kentl
urbanity <> kibar
urbanity <> meden
urbanity <> nezak
urbanity <> uygar
urbanization <> şehir
urbanization <> kentl
urbanization <> kibar
urbanization <> nazik
urbanize <> şehir
urbanize <> kentl
urbanize <> kibar
urbanized <> kentl
urbanizing <> kentl
urbs <> URBS
urchin <> afaca
urchin <> deniz
urchin <> kirpi
urchin <> sokak
urchin <> yaram
urchins <> Kesta
urd <> Urd
urea <> üre
ureal <> üre
ureal <> üre 
ureas <> ürele
urease <> üreaz
ured <> hazim
uremia <> üremi
uremic <> üremi
ureter <> idrar
ureter <> sidik
ureter <> urete
ureteral <> ürete
ureteric <> ürete
ureteritis <> ürete
ureterocele <> ürete
ureteroceles <> ürete
ureterolithotomy <> ürete
ureterolysis <> ürete
ureteroneocystostomies <> ürete
ureteroneocystostomy <> ürete
ureteropelvic <> ürete
ureteroplasty <> ürete
ureterostomy <> ürete
ureterovesical <> ürete
ureters <> ürete
urethane <> üreta
urethanes <> üreta
urethra <> üretr
urethra <> idrar
urethral <> üretr
urethras <> üretr
urethritis <> üretr
urethrogram <> üretr
urethroplasty <> üretr
urethroscopy <> üretr
urethrotome <> üretr
urethrotomy <> üretr
urethrovaginal <> üretr
uretic <> idrar
urge <> ısrar
urge <> arzu
urge <> baskı
urge <> dürtü
urge <> ileri
urge <> istek
urge <> kışkı
urge <> sıkış
urge <> sevke
urge <> teşvi
urge <> zorla
urged <> çağır
urgencies <> ivedi
urgency <> ısrar
urgency <> acele
urgency <> acili
urgency <> baskı
urgency <> kaçın
urgency <> zorun
urgent <> öneml
urgent <> ısrar
urgent <> acele
urgent <> acil
urgent <> ivedi
urgent <> kaçın
urgent <> zorun
urgently <> acile
urges <> çağrı
urginea <> Urgin
urging <> çağır
uric <> ürik
uric <> idrar
uricase <> ürika
uridine <> üridi
urim <> Urim
urinal <> çiş 
urinal <> pisua
urinal <> sürgü
urinals <> pisua
urinalysis <> idrar
urinary <> idrar
urinary <> sidik
urinate <> çiş 
urinate <> işeme
urinating <> İdrar
urination <> çiş 
urination <> işeme
urine <> çiş
urine <> idrar
urine <> sidik
urines <> idrar
urn <> ölü 
urn <> ayakl
urn <> semav
urobilin <> atıla
urogenital <> üroge
urogenital <> idrar
urography <> ürogr
urokinase <> üroki
urolithiasis <> üroli
urologic <> ürolo
urological <> ürolo
urologist <> ürolo
urologists <> ürolo
urology <> ürolo
urology <> bevli
uronic <> üroni
uropathy <> üropa
urp <> URP
ursa <> dişi
ursae <> Ursae
ursine <> ayı
ursine <> ayı 
ursine <> ayıya
ursula <> Ursul
urtica <> Urtic
urticaceae <> ısırg
urticaria <> ürtik
urticaria <> kurde
urticarial <> ürtik
urticarias <> ürtik
urus <> Urus
us <> Bize
us <> biz
us <> bize
us <> bizi
usability <> kulla
usable <> kulla
usage <> adet
usage <> kulla
usage <> muame
usage <> usul
usages <> kulla
use <> adet
use <> alışk
use <> amaç
use <> davra
use <> fayda
use <> kulla
use <> kulln
use <> menfa
use <> muame
use <> yapmı
use <> yarar
useable <> kulla
used <> eski
used <> ikinc
used <> kulla
useful <> fayda
useful <> işe 
useful <> kulla
useful <> yarar
usefully <> yarar
usefulness <> fayda
usefulness <> işe 
usefulness <> kulla
usefulnesses <> fayda
useless <> beyhu
useless <> boşun
useless <> fayda
useless <> işe 
useless <> kulla
useless <> nafil
useless <> yarar
uselessly <> boşun
uselessness <> boşun
uselessness <> fayda
uselessness <> işe 
uselessness <> yarar
user <> kulla
user <> tüket
userland <> kulla
username <> kulla
usernames <> kulla
users <> kulla
uses <> kulla
usher <> götür
usher <> gözcü
usher <> getir
usher <> kapıc
usher <> mübaş
usher <> teşri
usher <> usher
usher <> yardı
usher <> yer 
ushered <> başla
usherette <> yer
usherette <> yer 
ushers <> başla
using <> kulla
usnic <> usnik
ustilago <> Ustil
usual <> alışı
usual <> her 
usual <> herza
usual <> klasi
usual <> olağa
usually <> çoğun
usually <> genel
usufruct <> intif
usufruct <> kulla
usufructs <> intif
usufructuaries <> hakkı
usufructuary <> intif
usurer <> faizc
usurer <> tefec
usurers <> tefec
usurious <> aşırı
usurious <> yükse
usuriousness <> faizc
usuriousness <> tefec
usurp <> el 
usurp <> gaspe
usurp <> zorla
usurpation <> el 
usurpation <> gasp
usurpation <> zorla
usurped <> gasp
usurper <> gaspç
usurper <> tahta
usurper <> zorla
usurpers <> gaspç
usurping <> gaspe
usury <> aşırı
usury <> faizc
usury <> tefec
usury <> yükse
utas <> Utaş
utensil <> kap
utensil <> malze
utensils <> kap 
utensils <> malze
utensils <> mutfa
uterine <> annes
uterine <> dölya
uterine <> rahim
uterosacral <> utero
uterovaginal <> utero
uterus <> dölya
uterus <> rahim
uterus <> uteru
uteruses <> uteru
utica <> Utica
utile <> Utile
utilisation <> fayda
utilisation <> kulla
utilisation <> yarar
utilise <> fayda
utilise <> istif
utilise <> kulla
utilise <> yarar
utilised <> kulla
utilises <> kulla
utilising <> kulla
utilitarian <> çıkar
utilitarian <> fayda
utilitarian <> yarar
utilitarianism <> fayda
utilitarianism <> yarar
utilities <> elekt
utilities <> kamu
utility <> fayda
utility <> işe 
utility <> kamu
utility <> stand
utility <> yarar
utilizable <> kulla
utilizable <> yarar
utilization <> fayda
utilization <> kulla
utilization <> yarar
utilizations <> kulla
utilize <> fayda
utilize <> istif
utilize <> kulla
utilize <> yarar
utilized <> kulla
utilizes <> kulla
utilizing <> kulla
utis <> İYE
utmost <> elind
utmost <> en 
utmost <> olanc
utmost <> son
utmost <> son 
utopia <> ütopy
utopia <> düşle
utopia <> gerçe
utopian <> ütopi
utopian <> ütopy
utopian <> düşse
utopian <> gerçe
utopian <> ideal
utopianism <> ütopy
utopias <> ütopy
utopist <> ütopi
utricle <> içkul
utricle <> kırba
utricle <> kesec
utter <> açığa
utter <> atmak
utter <> bütün
utter <> basma
utter <> dile
utter <> ifade
utter <> kesin
utter <> mutlâ
utter <> piyas
utter <> söyle
utter <> sapın
utter <> ses 
utter <> su 
utter <> tüm
utter <> tam
utter <> telâf
utterance <> dile
utterance <> ifade
utterance <> konuş
utterance <> söyle
utterance <> ses 
utterance <> telâf
utterances <> söyle
utterances <> sözle
uttered <> çıkar
utterer <> kalpa
utterer <> konuş
utterer <> piyas
uttering <> âh
utterly <> bütün
utterly <> düped
utterly <> sapın
utterly <> tamam
uttermost <> en 
uttermost <> son 
utu <> UTU
uvas <> UVAS
uveitic <> Üveit
uveitis <> üveit
uvula <> küçük
uvular <> küçük
uxorious <> karıs
uxoriousness <> karıs
vac <> izin
vac <> tatil
vac <> vac
vacancies <> ilanl
vacancy <> Boş 
vacancy <> açık
vacancy <> açıkl
vacancy <> akıls
vacancy <> bön 
vacancy <> boş 
vacancy <> boşlu
vacancy <> dalgı
vacancy <> işsiz
vacancy <> tembe
vacant <> açık
vacant <> akıls
vacant <> bön
vacant <> boş
vacant <> dalgı
vacant <> ifade
vacant <> sahip
vacant <> terke
vacant <> varis
vacantly <> bön
vacantly <> bön 
vacantly <> boş 
vacantly <> dalgı
vacate <> ayrıl
vacate <> boşal
vacate <> feshe
vacate <> iptal
vacate <> istif
vacate <> tahli
vacate <> terke
vacated <> boşal
vacating <> boşal
vacation <> boşal
vacation <> izin
vacation <> tahli
vacation <> tatil
vacationers <> tatil
vacationing <> tatil
vacationist <> tatil
vacationist <> turis
vacations <> tatil
vaccina <> aşısı
vaccinal <> aşı
vaccinal <> aşı 
vaccinal <> aşıla
vaccinate <> aşı 
vaccinate <> aşıla
vaccinated <> aşı
vaccinates <> Aşıyı
vaccinating <> aşıla
vaccination <> aşı
vaccination <> aşı 
vaccination <> aşıla
vaccinations <> aşıla
vaccinator <> şırın
vaccinator <> aşıcı
vaccine <> aşı
vaccine <> aşı 
vaccine <> aşıya
vaccine <> inek
vaccinees <> aşıla
vaccines <> aşıla
vaccinia <> inek
vaccinium <> Vacci
vacillate <> bocal
vacillate <> karar
vacillate <> tered
vacillated <> bocal
vacillating <> bocal
vacillating <> karar
vacillating <> salla
vacillating <> sende
vacillating <> tered
vacillation <> bocal
vacillation <> karar
vacillation <> salla
vacillation <> sende
vacillation <> tered
vacillations <> yalpa
vacs <> elekt
vacuity <> anlam
vacuity <> boş 
vacuity <> boşlu
vacuity <> dalgı
vacuity <> saçma
vacuolar <> vakuo
vacuolated <> vakuo
vacuole <> vakuo
vacuoles <> vakuo
vacuolisation <> vakuo
vacuolization <> vakuo
vacuous <> amaçs
vacuous <> anlam
vacuous <> boş
vacuous <> dalgı
vacuous <> ifade
vacuum <> boşlu
vacuum <> elekt
vacuum <> emme
vacuum <> vakum
vacuumed <> vakum
vacuuming <> vakum
vacuums <> Vacuu
vade <> sınıf
vadose <> vadoz
vae <> Vae
vagabond <> çapkı
vagabond <> amaçs
vagabond <> avare
vagabond <> aylak
vagabond <> başıb
vagabond <> berdu
vagabond <> dalda
vagabond <> derbe
vagabond <> hovar
vagabond <> karar
vagabond <> serse
vagabondage <> aylak
vagabondage <> serse
vagabondism <> aylak
vagabondism <> serse
vagabondize <> serse
vagabonds <> serse
vagaries <> aşırı
vagaries <> kapri
vagary <> çılgı
vagary <> aşırı
vagary <> delil
vagary <> kapri
vagary <> yelte
vagi <> vagus
vagina <> dölyo
vagina <> kılıf
vagina <> vajin
vaginal <> vajin
vaginally <> vajin
vaginas <> vajin
vaginismus <> vajin
vaginitis <> vajin
vaginoplasty <> vajin
vaginoscopy <> vajin
vagotomy <> vagot
vagotonic <> vagot
vagrancy <> avare
vagrancy <> serse
vagrant <> avare
vagrant <> aylak
vagrant <> başıb
vagrant <> derbe
vagrant <> göçeb
vagrant <> serse
vagrants <> serse
vague <> anlaş
vague <> belir
vague <> dalgı
vague <> hayal
vague <> karar
vague <> müphe
vaguely <> belir
vaguely <> belli
vagueness <> belir
vaidya <> Vaidy
vail <> şapka
vail <> bahşi
vail <> saygı
vails <> Vails
vain <> abes
vain <> anlam
vain <> beyhu
vain <> boş
vain <> fayda
vain <> gurur
vain <> kendi
vain <> kibir
vain <> nafil
vainglorious <> övüne
vainglorious <> gurur
vainglorious <> mağru
vaingloriously <> övüne
vainglory <> boş 
vainly <> boşun
vainly <> kibir
vainness <> boşun
vainness <> gurur
vainness <> kibir
vakil <> Vakil
valance <> kısa
valance <> karyo
valance <> yatak
valances <> saçak
vale <> dere
vale <> diyar
vale <> elved
vale <> vadi
valediction <> veda
valedictorian <> mezun
valedictorian <> veda
valedictory <> veda
valence <> bağde
valence <> birle
valence <> değer
valencies <> birle
valency <> bağde
valency <> birle
valency <> değer
valentia <> Valen
valentine <> sevgi
valentinian <> Valen
valerian <> kedio
valeriana <> Valer
valerianic <> kedio
valeric <> kedio
valet <> uşak
valet <> uşakl
valetudinarian <> hasta
valetudinarian <> iyile
valetudinarianism <> hasta
valetudinary <> hasta
valetudinary <> nekâh
valiance <> Valia
valiant <> cesur
valiant <> yürek
valiant <> yiğit
valiantly <> cesur
valiantly <> yiğit
valiantness <> cesar
valiantness <> yiğit
valid <> geçer
valid <> mantı
valid <> sağla
valid <> yürür
valid <> yasal
valid <> yerin
validate <> geçer
validate <> onayl
validate <> yasal
validated <> valid
validates <> doğru
validating <> doğru
validation <> onayl
validation <> tasdi
validations <> doğru
validatory <> geçer
validities <> geçer
validity <> doğru
validity <> geçer
validity <> sağla
validity <> yasal
valine <> valin
valis <> Valis
valise <> bavul
valise <> valiz
valkyr <> VALKY
valkyria <> Valky
valkyrie <> Valky
valkyries <> Valky
valla <> VALLA
vallar <> Valla
vallecula <> valle
valley <> çatı
valley <> dalga
valley <> dere
valley <> vadi
valleys <> vadil
vallonia <> Vallo
valonia <> palam
valor <> cesar
valor <> kahra
valor <> yürek
valor <> yiğit
valorisation <> yaygı
valorises <> değer
valorization <> değer
valorization <> fiyat
valorization <> valor
valorize <> fiyat
valorous <> cesur
valorous <> yürek
valorous <> yiğit
valour <> cesar
valour <> kahra
valour <> yürek
valour <> yiğit
valparaiso <> Valpa
valpolicella <> Valpo
valproate <> valpr
valuable <> değer
valuable <> fayda
valuable <> kıyme
valuables <> değer
valuables <> mücev
valuated <> değer
valuating <> değer
valuation <> değer
valuations <> değer
valuator <> bilir
valuator <> değer
valuators <> değer
value <> önem
value <> değer
value <> gerçe
value <> kıyme
value <> keşid
value <> paha
value <> ton
valued <> değer
valued <> kıyme
valued <> saygı
valueless <> değer
valueless <> kıyme
valuer <> bilir
valuer <> değer
values <> değer
valuing <> değer
valuta <> efekt
valve <> çenet
valve <> kapı
valve <> kapak
valve <> radyo
valve <> ses 
valve <> supap
valve <> valf
valve <> venti
valved <> valfl
valveless <> supap
valves <> vanal
valvotomy <> valvo
valvular <> kapak
valvular <> valfa
valvular <> valfl
valvular <> valvü
valvule <> kapak
valvulitis <> kâlp
valvuloplasty <> valvü
vamoose <> çekip
vamoose <> defet
vamoose <> defol
vamose <> çekip
vamose <> defet
vamose <> defol
vamp <> şuh 
vamp <> başta
vamp <> basit
vamp <> doğaç
vamp <> müziğ
vamp <> saya
vamp <> vamp
vamp <> yama
vamp <> yenid
vampire <> sahne
vampire <> vampi
vampires <> vampi
vampiric <> vampi
vampirism <> kan 
vampirism <> vampi
vamps <> Vamps
vampyre <> Vampy
vampyres <> Vampi
van <> öncü
van <> eleba
van <> harma
van <> kamyo
van <> kanat
van <> karav
van <> keşif
van <> minib
van <> yük 
vanadium <> vanad
vanadyl <> vanad
vancomycin <> vanko
vanda <> Vanda
vandal <> Vanda
vandal <> barba
vandal <> sanat
vandalic <> Vanda
vandalic <> barba
vandalic <> sanat
vandalisation <> vanda
vandalise <> barba
vandalise <> kırıp
vandalise <> yakıp
vandalised <> tahri
vandalising <> vanda
vandalism <> barba
vandalism <> sanat
vandalism <> vanda
vandalism <> yıkıc
vandalize <> barba
vandalize <> kırıp
vandalize <> yakıp
vandalized <> tahri
vandals <> vanda
vandyke <> Vandy
vane <> kanat
vanes <> kanat
vanguard <> öncü
vanguard <> eleba
vanguard <> keşif
vanguardist <> öncü
vanguards <> öncül
vanilla <> vanil
vanillic <> Vanil
vanillin <> vanil
vanillyl <> vanil
vanish <> gözde
vanish <> kayıp
vanish <> kaybo
vanish <> sıfır
vanish <> tarih
vanish <> yok 
vanished <> kaybo
vanishes <> kaybo
vanishing <> ufuk
vanishingly <> yok 
vanitas <> Vanit
vanities <> bâtıl
vanity <> boşun
vanity <> değer
vanity <> göste
vanity <> gurur
vanity <> hava
vanity <> kibir
vanity <> kurum
vanity <> makya
vanner <> Vänne
vannevar <> Vanne
vanquish <> hakkı
vanquish <> kırma
vanquish <> yenme
vanquished <> yenil
vanquisher <> galip
vans <> vanla
vantage <> avant
vantages <> avant
vap <> VAP
vapid <> lezze
vapid <> sönük
vapid <> sıkıc
vapid <> tatsı
vapid <> yavan
vapidity <> sönük
vapidity <> sıkıc
vapidity <> tatsı
vapidness <> sönük
vapidness <> sıkıc
vapidness <> tatsı
vapor <> övünm
vapor <> böbür
vapor <> buğu
vapor <> buhar
vapor <> kurun
vaporings <> böbür
vaporings <> boş 
vaporisation <> Buhar
vaporiser <> vapor
vaporising <> buhar
vaporization <> buhar
vaporize <> buhar
vaporize <> püskü
vaporized <> buhar
vaporizer <> püskü
vaporizer <> vapor
vaporizes <> buhar
vaporizing <> buhar
vaporous <> buğul
vaporous <> buhar
vaporous <> hayal
vaporous <> ince
vaporous <> kurun
vapors <> buhar
vapors <> karas
vapors <> melan
vapour <> övünm
vapour <> böbür
vapour <> buğu
vapour <> buhar
vapour <> kurun
vapourings <> böbür
vapourings <> boş 
vapours <> buhar
vapours <> karas
vapours <> melan
varactor <> varak
varan <> etobu
varan <> varan
varas <> Varas
varec <> deniz
varec <> varek
variabilities <> değiş
variability <> dönek
variability <> değiş
variability <> karar
variable <> çeliş
variable <> dönek
variable <> değiş
variable <> fikir
variable <> karar
variable <> tutar
variable <> uyuşm
variables <> değiş
variably <> değiş
variance <> ayrıl
variance <> değiş
variance <> varya
variances <> varya
variant <> başka
variant <> değiş
variant <> farkl
variant <> varya
variants <> türev
variate <> değiş
variates <> değiş
variation <> çeşit
variation <> değiş
variation <> fark
variation <> manye
variation <> varya
variational <> varya
variations <> varya
variceal <> Varis
varicella <> suçiç
varicelliform <> varis
varices <> varis
varicocele <> Varik
varicocelectomy <> varik
varicoceles <> varik
varicolored <> rengâ
varicolored <> renk
varicoloured <> rengâ
varicoloured <> renk
varicose <> varis
varicosis <> varis
varicosities <> varik
varicosity <> varis
varied <> çeşit
varied <> değiş
varied <> farkl
varied <> türlü
variegate <> rengâ
variegate <> renkl
variegated <> değiş
variegated <> rengâ
variegated <> renk
variegated <> türlü
variegation <> çeşit
variegation <> çok
variegation <> çok 
variegation <> değiş
varies <> değiş
varieties <> çeşit
variety <> çeşit
variety <> cins
variety <> değiş
variety <> farkl
variety <> tür
variety <> varye
varifocal <> değiş
variform <> çok
variform <> çok 
variform <> değiş
variola <> çiçek
variometer <> varyo
variometers <> varyo
variorum <> değiş
various <> çeşit
various <> birço
various <> türlü
varis <> Varis
varistor <> varis
varistors <> varya
varix <> varis
vark <> Vark
varlet <> çapkı
varlet <> herif
varlet <> uşak
varmint <> herge
varmint <> itoğl
varmint <> serse
varmint <> zarar
varnish <> cila
varnish <> cilal
varnish <> dış 
varnish <> emaye
varnish <> sırla
varnish <> verni
varnish <> yapma
varnished <> verni
varnishers <> cilac
varnishes <> verni
varnishing <> verni
varroa <> Varro
varsity <> ünive
vartabed <> Varta
varuna <> Varun
varved <> Şerit
vary <> çeşit
vary <> başka
vary <> değiş
vary <> farkl
varying <> değiş
vascular <> damar
vascularisation <> damar
vascularised <> vaskü
vascularity <> vaskü
vascularization <> vaskü
vascularized <> vaskü
vasculature <> damar
vasculitides <> vaskü
vasculitis <> vaskü
vasculogenic <> vaskü
vasculosa <> vasku
vase <> vazo
vasectomy <> meni
vases <> vazo
vasoactive <> vazoa
vasoconstriction <> vazok
vasoconstrictive <> vazok
vasoconstrictor <> vazok
vasodilatation <> vazod
vasodilation <> vazod
vasodilator <> vazod
vasodilators <> vazod
vasodilatory <> vazod
vasogenic <> vazoj
vasomotor <> vazom
vasopressin <> vazop
vasopressor <> vazop
vasopressors <> vazop
vasospasm <> vazos
vasospastic <> vazos
vasovagal <> vazov
vassal <> derbe
vassal <> hizme
vassal <> köle
vassal <> kul
vassal <> uyruk
vassal <> vasal
vassalage <> dereb
vassalage <> kullu
vassalage <> tımar
vassalage <> vasal
vassalage <> zeame
vassals <> vasal
vast <> çok
vast <> çok 
vast <> büyük
vast <> dünya
vast <> geniş
vast <> uçsuz
vastly <> çok
vastness <> çoklu
vastness <> büyük
vastness <> geniş
vat <> DKV
vat <> d.k.v
vat <> değer
vat <> fıçı
vat <> fıçıl
vat <> fıçıy
vat <> tekne
vat <> varil
vater <> Vater
vatic <> kehan
vaticans <> Vatic
vaticinate <> kehan
vaticination <> kehan
vats <> fıçıl
vatted <> fıçıl
vau <> Vau
vaudeville <> taşla
vaudeville <> vodvi
vault <> üzeri
vault <> atlam
vault <> engel
vault <> kasa
vault <> kubbe
vault <> mahze
vault <> mezar
vault <> sıçra
vault <> sırık
vault <> tonoz
vault <> yükse
vaulted <> kubbe
vaulted <> tonoz
vaulter <> atlay
vaulter <> sıçra
vaulting <> atlam
vaulting <> kemer
vaulting <> kubbe
vaulting <> sıçra
vaults <> tonoz
vaunt <> övünm
vaunt <> övmek
vaunted <> övüle
vaunter <> övüne
vaunter <> övüng
vaunting <> övüne
vaunting <> övüng
vauntingly <> övüne
vav <> VAV
vavasor <> Vavas
vavasour <> tımar
vaw <> VAW
veal <> dana
vectograph <> İzome
vector <> portö
vector <> rotas
vector <> taşıy
vector <> vektö
vectored <> vektö
vectorial <> vektö
vectorially <> vektö
vectoring <> Vektö
vectorization <> vektö
vectorize <> vektö
vectorizing <> Sayıs
vectors <> vektö
vectorscope <> vektö
vedette <> VEDET
veduta <> Vedut
vee <> v
vee <> v 
veena <> Veena
veep <> başka
veer <> döndü
veer <> dönme
veer <> saptı
veer <> yön 
veg <> sebze
vegans <> vegan
vegetable <> bitki
vegetable <> ot
vegetable <> sebze
vegetables <> sebze
vegetables <> zerze
vegetal <> bitki
vegetal <> nebat
vegetarian <> sebze
vegetarian <> vejet
vegetarianism <> et 
vegetarianism <> vejet
vegetarians <> vejet
vegetate <> büyüm
vegetate <> bitme
vegetate <> ot 
vegetated <> bitki
vegetating <> vejet
vegetation <> bitki
vegetation <> ot 
vegetation <> tümör
vegetation <> ur
vegetational <> vejet
vegetations <> vejet
vegetative <> bitki
vegetative <> istem
vegetatively <> istem
vegetatively <> ot 
veggieburgers <> Vejet
veggies <> sebze
vehemence <> şidde
vehemence <> ateşl
vehemence <> coşku
vehemence <> sertl
vehement <> öfkel
vehement <> şidde
vehement <> ateşl
vehement <> coşku
vehement <> harar
vehement <> sert
vehemently <> şidde
vehicle <> araç
vehicle <> taşıt
vehicle <> taşıy
vehicle <> vasıt
vehicles <> araçl
vehicular <> araç
vehicular <> taşıt
vehicular <> vasıt
veil <> örtü
veil <> başör
veil <> bahan
veil <> duvak
veil <> gizle
veil <> maske
veil <> peçe
veil <> perde
veil <> rahib
veil <> yaşma
veiled <> örtül
veiled <> kısık
veiled <> peçel
veiled <> yaşma
veiling <> donuk
veiling <> gizle
veiling <> peçe
veiling <> peçel
veils <> peçe
vein <> damar
vein <> huy
vein <> maden
vein <> mizaç
vein <> ruhsa
vein <> topla
veined <> damar
veined <> ebrul
veining <> damar
veinlet <> damar
veinlet <> küçük
veinlets <> damar
veins <> venle
velar <> damak
velar <> yumuş
velarize <> damak
velate <> Velat
veld <> bozkı
veldt <> bozkı
vele <> Vele
veles <> Veles
vell <> Vell
velleity <> hafif
velleity <> küçük
vellum <> parşö
vellum <> tirşe
veloce <> Veloc
velocimetry <> velos
velocipede <> üç 
velocipede <> bisik
velociraptor <> Veloc
velocities <> hızla
velocity <> hız
velocity <> sürat
velodrome <> veled
velour <> velur
velour <> yünlü
velours <> velur
velours <> yünlü
velum <> cenin
velum <> yumuş
velum <> zar
velveeta <> Velve
velvet <> kadif
velvet <> yumuş
velveteen <> pamuk
velvetleaf <> Velve
velvets <> kadif
velvety <> kadif
velvety <> yumuş
venal <> rüşve
venal <> yiyic
venality <> rüşve
venality <> yiyic
venation <> yapra
vend <> işpor
vend <> satıc
vend <> satma
vendee <> alıcı
vender <> işpor
vender <> satış
vender <> satıc
vendetta <> kan
vendetta <> kan 
vendettas <> kan
vendible <> satıl
vending <> otoma
vendor <> satış
vendor <> satıc
vendors <> satıc
veneer <> örtba
veneer <> cila
veneer <> cilal
veneer <> döşem
veneer <> göste
veneer <> kapla
veneer <> sırla
veneer <> yaldı
veneered <> kapla
veneering <> cila
veneering <> göste
veneering <> kapla
veneering <> yapma
veneers <> kapla
venemous <> hainc
venemous <> kin 
venemous <> zehir
venerability <> saygı
venerable <> kutsa
venerable <> mübar
venerable <> muhte
venerable <> saygı
venerate <> hürme
venerate <> saygı
venerate <> tapma
venerated <> saygı
veneration <> hürme
veneration <> saygı
veneration <> yücel
venerator <> hürme
venerator <> tapan
venereal <> cinse
venereal <> zühre
venereology <> Zühre
venerology <> Zühre
venetian <> Vened
venetians <> Vened
vengeance <> öç
vengeance <> öç 
vengeance <> intik
vengeful <> hınçl
vengeful <> intik
vengeful <> kinci
venger <> Venge
venial <> affed
venial <> bağış
venipuncture <> Damar
venison <> av 
venison <> geyik
venography <> venog
venom <> akrep
venom <> düşma
venom <> kin
venom <> yılan
venom <> zehir
venomous <> hainc
venomous <> kin 
venomous <> zehir
venomousness <> garez
venomousness <> kin
venomousness <> zehir
venoms <> venom
venose <> damar
venose <> kirli
venose <> topla
venotomy <> venot
venous <> damar
venous <> kirli
venous <> topla
venous <> venöz
vent <> çıkar
vent <> açığa
vent <> ağız
vent <> belli
vent <> burun
vent <> delik
vent <> hava
vent <> haval
vent <> kıç
vent <> kaçac
vent <> yırtm
vent <> yanar
vent <> yarık
ventage <> ağız
ventage <> delik
ventage <> kaçac
ventanas <> Venta
vented <> Bacal
venter <> ana
venter <> ana 
venter <> karın
ventilate <> açığa
ventilate <> açıkç
ventilate <> belir
ventilate <> haval
ventilate <> oksij
ventilated <> haval
ventilating <> haval
ventilation <> açığa
ventilation <> açıkç
ventilation <> belir
ventilation <> haval
ventilations <> Solun
ventilative <> haval
ventilator <> vanti
ventilators <> vanti
ventilatory <> venti
venting <> haval
ventral <> karın
ventral <> karna
ventrally <> ventr
ventrals <> ventr
ventricle <> karın
ventricle <> organ
ventricles <> ventr
ventricular <> karın
ventricular <> ventr
ventricule <> ventr
ventricules <> ventr
ventriculitis <> Ventr
ventriculography <> ventr
ventriloquial <> vantr
ventriloquism <> karnı
ventriloquism <> vantr
ventriloquist <> karnı
ventriloquist <> vantr
ventriloquize <> karın
ventriloquy <> karnı
vents <> delik
venture <> şans
venture <> cüret
venture <> cesar
venture <> göze
venture <> giriş
venture <> risk
venture <> riske
venture <> teşeb
venture <> tehli
ventured <> cesar
venturer <> giriş
venturers <> giriş
ventures <> giriş
venturesome <> atılg
venturesome <> cesur
venturesome <> gözüp
venturesome <> macer
venturesome <> riskl
venturesome <> tehli
venturesomeness <> atılg
venturesomeness <> gözüp
venturis <> ventu
venturous <> atak
venturous <> cesur
venturous <> gözüp
venue <> buluş
venue <> cinay
venue <> mahke
venue <> mekan
venue <> olay
venue <> yarış
venues <> mekan
venules <> venül
venus <> Çoban
venus <> Çulpa
venus <> Sabah
venus <> Venüs
venus <> Zühre
veracious <> doğru
veracious <> gerçe
veracity <> dürüs
veracity <> doğru
veracity <> gerçe
veranda <> camlı
veranda <> veran
verandah <> camlı
verandah <> veran
verandas <> veran
verb <> eylem
verb <> fiil
verba <> Verba
verbal <> fiil
verbal <> fiile
verbal <> harfi
verbal <> isim
verbal <> kelim
verbal <> sözlü
verbalised <> açıkl
verbalism <> anlat
verbalism <> laf 
verbalism <> söz
verbalism <> sözle
verbalist <> lafeb
verbalist <> sözcü
verbalization <> sözel
verbalize <> fiile
verbalize <> sözlü
verbalize <> sözle
verbally <> kelim
verbally <> sözlü
verbally <> sözle
verbatim <> harfi
verbatim <> kelim
verbatim <> sözlü
verbena <> mine
verbiage <> şişir
verbiage <> laf 
verbose <> ağzı
verbose <> gerek
verbose <> lâfeb
verbosity <> lâf s
verbosity <> laf
verbosity <> laf 
verbs <> fiill
verd <> Verd
verdancy <> acemi
verdancy <> deney
verdancy <> tazel
verdancy <> toylu
verdancy <> yeşil
verdandi <> Verda
verdant <> tecrü
verdant <> toy
verdant <> yeşil
verdantly <> acemi
verdantly <> tecrü
verdict <> fikir
verdict <> hüküm
verdict <> juri
verdict <> karar
verdict <> yargı
verdicts <> karar
verdigris <> bakır
verdin <> Verdi
verdure <> çayır
verdure <> otlar
verdure <> tazel
verdure <> yeşil
verfication <> doğru
verfication <> soruş
verfication <> tahki
verfication <> tetki
verge <> çalma
verge <> daire
verge <> eşiği
verge <> eşik
verge <> kenar
verge <> meyle
verge <> pisko
verge <> sütun
verge <> sınır
verge <> yakla
verger <> zango
vergers <> Verge
verges <> kenar
veridical <> doğru
veridical <> gerçe
veriest <> en 
veriest <> son
veriest <> son 
verifiability <> doğru
verifiable <> doğru
verifiable <> kanıt
verification <> doğru
verification <> soruş
verification <> tahki
verification <> tetki
verifications <> doğru
verified <> doğru
verifiers <> doğru
verifies <> doğru
verify <> doğru
verify <> gerçe
verify <> kanıt
verify <> onayl
verify <> soruş
verifying <> doğru
verily <> aslın
verily <> doğru
verily <> gerçe
verisimilitude <> gerçe
verisimilitude <> ihtim
verisimilitude <> olası
veritable <> gerçe
veritable <> hakik
veritas <> Verit
verities <> deşer
verity <> doğru
verity <> gerçe
verjuice <> ekşil
verjuice <> ham 
verjuice <> koruk
verjuice <> mayho
vermeil <> alev
vermeil <> lâl
vermeil <> yakut
vermeil <> yaldı
vermes <> Verme
vermicelli <> erişt
vermicelli <> tel 
vermicide <> soluc
vermiculate <> vermi
vermiculated <> delik
vermiculated <> kurtl
vermiculated <> soluc
vermiculite <> vermi
vermiform <> kurt
vermiform <> soluc
vermifuge <> soluc
vermilion <> al 
vermilion <> kıpkı
vermilion <> parla
vermilion <> zinci
vermillion <> vermi
vermin <> haşar
vermin <> it 
vermin <> paraz
vermin <> zarar
verminous <> ayakt
verminous <> bitli
verminous <> haşar
vermouth <> vermu
vermuth <> vermu
vernacular <> şive
vernacular <> anadi
vernacular <> argo
vernacular <> bölge
vernacular <> konuş
vernacular <> lehçe
vernacular <> yerel
vernacularism <> mesle
vernacularism <> yerel
vernaculars <> bölge
vernal <> gençl
vernal <> ilkba
vernalization <> Verna
vernier <> ondal
vernier <> verni
vernissage <> Verni
veronica <> Hazre
veronica <> veron
veronica <> yavşa
veronique <> Veron
verruca <> siğil
verrucae <> Verru
verrucas <> Verru
verruciform <> Verrü
verruciformis <> verru
verrucose <> siğil
verrucous <> verrü
versal <> Versa
versals <> varsa
versatile <> çok
versatile <> çok 
versatile <> becer
versatile <> dönek
versatile <> değiş
versatility <> çok
versatility <> çok 
versatility <> becer
versatility <> dönek
versatility <> değiş
versatility <> elind
verse <> şiir
verse <> ayet
verse <> dörtl
verse <> dize
verse <> kıta
verse <> koşuk
verse <> mısra
verse <> nazım
versed <> bilgi
versed <> hüner
versed <> tecrü
versed <> ters
versed <> usta
verses <> ayetl
versicolor <> versi
versification <> şiir
versification <> nazım
versifier <> koşuk
versifier <> nazım
versify <> nazım
versin <> Versi
version <> çevir
version <> örnek
version <> hikây
version <> model
version <> rahim
version <> tasvi
version <> uyarl
version <> varya
version <> versi
version <> yorum
versions <> sürüm
verso <> kitab
verso <> sikke
versus <> aleyh
versus <> karşı
vert <> din
vert <> din 
vertebra <> omur
vertebrae <> omurg
vertebral <> omurl
vertebral <> verte
vertebras <> verte
vertebrata <> omurg
vertebrate <> omurg
vertebrated <> omurg
vertebrates <> omurg
verted <> inver
vertex <> başın
vertex <> başuc
vertex <> doruk
vertex <> tepe
vertex <> zirve
vertexes <> köşel
vertical <> düşey
vertical <> dik
vertical <> dikey
vertical <> teped
verticality <> dikey
vertically <> dikey
vertically <> dikin
verticals <> dikey
verticillium <> Verti
verticle <> Dikey
vertiginous <> başı
vertiginous <> baş 
vertiginous <> serse
vertigo <> baş
vertigo <> baş 
verts <> Verts
vertu <> güzel
vertus <> Vertu
vervain <> mine
verve <> şevk
verve <> canlı
verve <> enerj
very <> çok
very <> özel
very <> aynı
very <> bile
very <> en
very <> gerçe
very <> mutlâ
very <> pek
very <> sırf
very <> salt
very <> tam
vesica <> kesec
vesica <> mesan
vesica <> sidik
vesica <> torba
vesical <> sidik
vesicant <> deriy
vesicants <> yakıc
vesicate <> kabar
vesicle <> kabar
vesicle <> kese
vesicle <> kist
vesicle <> vesik
vesicles <> vezik
vesicouterine <> vezik
vesicovaginal <> vezik
vesicula <> vezik
vesicular <> kabar
vesicular <> kese
vesiculation <> vezik
vesiculous <> vezik
vespas <> vespa
vesper <> Akşam
vesper <> Venüs
vesper <> akşam
vesperal <> Vespe
vespers <> akğam
vespers <> akşam
vespertilio <> Vespe
vespertine <> akşam
vespiary <> eşeka
vespiary <> yaban
vespine <> eşeka
vespine <> yaban
vessel <> alet
vessel <> damar
vessel <> gemi
vessel <> kanal
vessel <> kap
vessel <> tas
vessel <> tekne
vessels <> gemil
vest <> cüppe
vest <> el 
vest <> fanil
vest <> hacze
vest <> hak 
vest <> iç 
vest <> yelek
vest <> yetki
vesta <> şamal
vesta <> Vesta
vesta <> ocak
vestal <> Vesta
vestal <> namus
vestal <> rahib
vestas <> Vesta
vested <> hak 
vested <> kazan
vestiary <> elbis
vestiary <> giyin
vestiary <> kilis
vestibular <> vesti
vestibule <> antre
vestibule <> dehli
vestibule <> geçit
vestibule <> giriş
vestibule <> vagon
vestibules <> aralı
vestibulitis <> vesti
vestibulocochlear <> vesti
vestibulopathy <> vesti
vestige <> dumur
vestige <> eser
vestige <> iz
vestige <> zerre
vestiges <> izler
vestigial <> artak
vestigial <> izi 
vestigial <> kalan
vesting <> giydi
vesting <> giyme
vesting <> haciz
vesting <> hak 
vesting <> yetki
vestment <> cüppe
vestment <> kisve
vestment <> papaz
vestment <> resmi
vestry <> giyin
vestry <> kilis
vests <> yelek
vesture <> giydi
vesture <> giysi
vesture <> kıyaf
vesuvian <> Vezüv
vesuvian <> rüzgâ
vesuvian <> volka
vesuvianite <> vezüv
vet <> bayta
vet <> deney
vet <> emekt
vet <> eski
vet <> incel
vet <> kıdem
vet <> muaey
vet <> tecrü
vet <> veter
vetch <> burça
vetch <> karab
vetches <> fiğ
veteran <> emekt
veteran <> eski
veteran <> kıdem
veteran <> tecrü
veterans <> gazil
veterinarian <> bayta
veterinarian <> veter
veterinarians <> veter
veterinaries <> veter
veterinary <> bayta
veterinary <> veter
veto <> red
veto <> redde
veto <> ret
veto <> veto
vetoed <> veto
vetoes <> veto
vetoing <> veto
vets <> veter
vetted <> onayl
vetter <> Vette
vetters <> Vette
vetting <> güven
vex <> üzmek
vex <> canın
vex <> dalga
vex <> gücen
vex <> küstü
vex <> kızdı
vexation <> eziye
vexation <> gücen
vexation <> küsme
vexation <> kızma
vexation <> sıkın
vexation <> sinir
vexatious <> üzücü
vexatious <> can 
vexatious <> eziye
vexatious <> gücen
vexatiousness <> aksil
vexatiousness <> can 
vexed <> canı
vexed <> dargı
vexed <> kırgı
vexed <> kızgı
vexed <> tartı
vexing <> üzücü
vexing <> eziye
vexing <> kızdı
vexing <> sinir
via <> üzeri
via <> yol
via <> yolu
viabilities <> canlı
viability <> canlı
viability <> yaşay
viable <> geçer
viable <> yaşar
viable <> yaşay
viaduct <> karay
viaduct <> viyad
viaducts <> viyad
vial <> flako
vial <> küçük
vials <> şişel
viands <> yiyec
vias <> VIAS
viaticum <> ölüm
viaticum <> yol
viaticum <> yol 
viator <> VIATO
vibes <> heyec
vibes <> vibra
vibrance <> Vibra
vibrancy <> coşku
vibrancy <> gürlü
vibrancy <> titre
vibrant <> çınla
vibrant <> canlı
vibrant <> enerj
vibrant <> heyec
vibrant <> titre
vibrant <> yankı
vibraphone <> vibra
vibraphonist <> vibra
vibrate <> durak
vibrate <> salla
vibrate <> tered
vibrate <> titre
vibrated <> vibra
vibrates <> titri
vibrating <> titre
vibration <> heyec
vibration <> sarsı
vibration <> tered
vibration <> titre
vibrational <> titre
vibrationless <> sarsı
vibrations <> titre
vibrative <> Titre
vibrator <> osila
vibrator <> titre
vibrator <> vibra
vibrators <> vibra
vibratory <> titre
vibrissa <> bıyık
vibrissae <> bıyık
vibrissae <> burun
vibroflotation <> vibro
viburnum <> karto
vicar <> mahal
vicar <> papaz
vicar <> vekil
vicarage <> papaz
vicarious <> başka
vicarious <> vekâl
vicars <> Vicar
vice <> çapkı
vice <> özür
vice <> ahlak
vice <> huysu
vice <> kötül
vice <> kusur
vice <> menge
vice <> vekil
vice <> yerin
vice <> zaaf
vicegerent <> halif
vicennial <> yirmi
viceregal <> genel
vicereine <> genel
viceroy <> genel
viceroyal <> genel
viceroyalty <> genel
viceroys <> naip
vices <> menge
vicinage <> çevre
vicinage <> civar
vicinage <> etraf
vicinal <> benze
vicinal <> komşu
vicinities <> çevre
vicinity <> çevre
vicinity <> civar
vicinity <> dolay
vicinity <> etraf
vicinity <> haval
vicious <> şidde
vicious <> ahlak
vicious <> berba
vicious <> bozuk
vicious <> fena
vicious <> hainc
vicious <> huysu
vicious <> kötü
viciously <> şidde
viciousness <> ahlak
viciousness <> fenal
viciousness <> huysu
viciousness <> kötü
viciousness <> kötül
vicissitude <> değiş
vicissitudes <> şansı
vicissitudes <> şartl
vicissitudes <> değiş
vicissitudes <> iniş
vicissitudinous <> değiş
vicomte <> Vicom
victim <> kurba
victim <> mağdu
victimhood <> mağdu
victimisation <> mağdu
victimise <> aldat
victimise <> haksı
victimise <> kurba
victimised <> mağdu
victimising <> kurba
victimization <> mağdu
victimize <> aldat
victimize <> haksı
victimize <> kurba
victimized <> mağdu
victimizes <> mağdu
victimizing <> kurba
victims <> kurba
victor <> fatih
victor <> galip
victor <> kazan
victored <> fethe
victoria <> Vikto
victoria <> iri 
victoria <> körük
victoria <> nilüf
victories <> zafer
victorine <> Victo
victorious <> başar
victorious <> galip
victorious <> muzaf
victorious <> zafer
victoriously <> zafer
victors <> galip
victory <> başar
victory <> galib
victory <> utku
victory <> zafer
victual <> erzak
victual <> yiyec
victualer <> erzak
victualer <> lokan
victualing <> erzak
victualler <> erzak
victualler <> lokan
victualling <> erzak
victuals <> erzak
victus <> Victu
vide <> bakın
vide <> bak
videlicet <> demek
videlicet <> yani
video <> ekran
video <> telev
video <> video
videocassette <> video
videocassettes <> video
videoconference <> video
videoconferences <> video
videoconferencing <> konfe
videograms <> video
videographer <> kamer
videographers <> kamer
videography <> video
videoing <> video
videoland <> Video
videophone <> görün
videophones <> video
videotape <> video
videotaped <> video
videotapes <> video
videotaping <> video
videotelephone <> görün
videotext <> Video
vidual <> ram
vie <> boy 
vie <> rekab
vie <> yarış
vied <> mücad
view <> üzeri
view <> amaç
view <> bakış
view <> bakma
view <> bekle
view <> fikir
view <> görüş
view <> görün
view <> görme
view <> göste
view <> incel
view <> kanı
view <> manza
view <> panar
view <> seyre
view <> yayın
viewable <> görün
viewed <> izlen
viewer <> izley
viewer <> seyir
viewers <> görün
viewership <> Reyti
viewfinder <> vizör
viewfinders <> Objek
viewing <> görün
viewless <> görün
viewless <> manza
viewphone <> görün
viewpoint <> bakış
viewpoint <> görüş
viewpoint <> manza
viewpoints <> bakış
viewports <> Görüş
viewy <> göste
viewy <> garip
vig <> Vig
vigil <> arife
vigil <> gece
vigilance <> dikka
vigilance <> ihtiy
vigilance <> uyanı
vigilance <> uyuma
vigilant <> açıkg
vigilant <> ihtiy
vigilant <> tetik
vigilant <> uyanı
vigilantes <> milis
vigils <> gece
vigneron <> bağcı
vignette <> etraf
vignette <> kitap
vignette <> süs 
vignette <> skeç
vignettes <> vinye
vignetting <> vinye
vigor <> dinçl
vigor <> enerj
vigor <> güç
vigor <> kuvve
vigor <> yaşam
vigorous <> şidde
vigorous <> arsız
vigorous <> dinç
vigorous <> enerj
vigorous <> güçlü
vigorous <> gayre
vigorous <> kuvve
vigorous <> zinde
vigorously <> dinç
vigorously <> enerj
vigorously <> kuvve
vigorously <> zinde
vigour <> dinçl
vigour <> enerj
vigour <> güç
vigour <> kuvve
vigour <> yaşam
viking <> vikin
vikings <> Vikin
vilayets <> vilay
vilde <> Vilda
vile <> aşağı
vile <> adi
vile <> alçak
vile <> berba
vile <> değer
vile <> hasis
vile <> iğren
vile <> kepaz
vile <> rezil
vilification <> iftir
vilification <> kötül
vilification <> yerme
vilifier <> iftir
vilifier <> kötül
vilify <> iftir
vilify <> kötül
vilify <> yerme
villa <> köşk
villa <> konak
villa <> villa
villa <> yazlı
village <> köy
village <> köy 
village <> küçük
villager <> köylü
villagers <> Köylü
villages <> köyle
villagio <> Villa
villain <> çapkı
villain <> cani
villain <> hain
villain <> kötü
villain <> kabad
villain <> ortaç
villainage <> derbe
villainage <> kölel
villainous <> alçak
villainous <> berba
villainous <> iğren
villainous <> rezil
villains <> Düşma
villainy <> cürüm
villainy <> hainl
villainy <> kötül
villainy <> rezal
villan <> Villa
villanelle <> Villa
villans <> Villa
villany <> Villá
villar <> Villa
villas <> villa
villein <> dereb
villein <> ortaç
villeinage <> derbe
villeinage <> kölel
villi <> villu
villis <> Villi
villose <> kılsı
villous <> kılsı
villus <> ülger
villus <> bağır
villus <> tüy
vim <> enerj
vim <> güç
vim <> gayre
vimana <> Viman
vimen <> ince
viminal <> ince
vims <> VIMS
vinaigrette <> nişad
vinaigrette <> salat
vinas <> Vinas
vinblastine <> vinbl
vinca <> vinka
vincible <> mağlu
vincible <> yenil
vincristine <> vinkr
vinculum <> bağ
vinculum <> tepe
vindicate <> hıncı
vindicate <> hakkı
vindicate <> haklı
vindicate <> intik
vindicate <> korum
vindicate <> savun
vindicate <> temiz
vindicated <> haklı
vindication <> doğru
vindication <> hınç
vindication <> haklı
vindication <> intik
vindication <> savun
vindication <> suçsu
vindicative <> intik
vindicator <> Vindi
vindicatory <> öç 
vindicatory <> koruy
vindictive <> cezai
vindictive <> intik
vindictive <> kinci
vindictive <> kinda
vindictiveness <> kinci
vindictiveness <> kinda
vine <> asma
vine <> bağ 
vinedresser <> bağcı
vinegar <> enerj
vinegar <> kuvve
vinegar <> sirke
vinegar <> somur
vinegar <> surat
vinegared <> sirke
vinegars <> sirke
vinegary <> asık
vinegary <> hırçı
vinegary <> sirke
vinegary <> surat
viner <> Viner
vinery <> üzüm
vinery <> asma
vines <> sarma
vineyard <> üzüm
vineyard <> bağ
vineyards <> üzüm
vinic <> şarap
viniculture <> üzümc
viniculture <> şarap
viniferous <> şarap
vinification <> şarap
vining <> Vinin
vinny <> Vinny
vinos <> Vinos
vinosity <> şarap
vinous <> şarap
vins <> Vins
vint <> Vint
vintage <> bağbo
vintage <> imal
vintage <> kalit
vintage <> mahsu
vintage <> model
vintage <> tip
vintager <> bağ
vintager <> bağ 
vintner <> şarap
vintners <> Vintn
vinyl <> vinil
vinylbenzene <> Vinil
vinylic <> polim
vinylidene <> vinil
viol <> viyol
viola <> herca
viola <> viyol
violable <> bozul
violable <> ihlâl
violaceous <> viyol
violas <> keman
violate <> çiğne
violate <> ırzın
violate <> bozma
violate <> ihlal
violate <> tecâv
violate <> tutma
violated <> ihlal
violates <> ihlal
violating <> ihlal
violation <> bozma
violation <> ihlâl
violation <> ihlal
violation <> kutsa
violation <> riaye
violation <> saygı
violation <> tecâv
violation <> tutma
violation <> yerin
violations <> ihlal
violator <> bozan
violator <> ihlâl
violator <> sözün
violator <> tecâv
violators <> çiğne
violence <> ırza
violence <> şidde
violence <> tecâv
violence <> zorba
violence <> zorla
violent <> çok 
violent <> şidde
violent <> aşırı
violent <> berba
violent <> saldı
violent <> sert
violently <> şidde
violes <> VIOLE
violet <> mahçu
violet <> menek
violet <> mor
violet <> utang
violets <> menek
violin <> keman
violine <> keman
violinist <> keman
violinists <> keman
violins <> keman
violist <> viyol
violoncellist <> viyol
violoncello <> viyol
viols <> Viyol
viper <> enger
viper <> yılan
viperine <> enger
viperine <> zehir
viperish <> enger
viperish <> hain
viperish <> yılan
viperish <> zehir
viperous <> enger
viperous <> hain
viperous <> yılan
viperous <> zehir
viperously <> hainc
viperously <> yılan
vipers <> enger
viraemia <> virem
virago <> şirre
virago <> cadal
virago <> eli 
virago <> kadın
viral <> Viral
viral <> virüs
vire <> VIRE
viremia <> virem
viremic <> virem
virge <> Virge
virgin <> Başak
virgin <> bakir
virgin <> balta
virgin <> ekilm
virgin <> el 
virgin <> ham
virgin <> işlen
virginal <> bakir
virginal <> dölle
virginal <> kızlı
virginhood <> bakir
virginhood <> kızlı
virginia <> Virji
virginity <> bakir
virginity <> bekâr
virginity <> kızlı
virginity <> namus
virgins <> bakir
virgulate <> asa 
virgulate <> basto
virgule <> virgü
virial <> Viria
viridescent <> yeşil
viridian <> Virid
viridity <> tazel
viridity <> yeşil
virile <> enerj
virile <> erkek
virile <> güçlü
virile <> kuvve
virilised <> testi
virility <> cinse
virility <> erkek
virility <> yiğit
virilization <> viril
virilizing <> viril
viroids <> viroi
virologic <> virol
virological <> virol
virologically <> virol
virologist <> virol
virology <> virol
virtu <> güzel
virtual <> asıl
virtual <> gerçe
virtual <> sanal
virtuality <> sanal
virtualize <> sanal
virtualized <> sanal
virtualizing <> sanal
virtually <> aslın
virtually <> fiile
virtually <> gerçe
virtue <> üstün
virtue <> erdem
virtue <> etki
virtue <> fazil
virtue <> iffet
virtue <> meziy
virtue <> namus
virtues <> erdem
virtuose <> Virtu
virtuosi <> Virtu
virtuosic <> virtü
virtuosity <> güzel
virtuosity <> ustal
virtuosity <> virtü
virtuoso <> üstât
virtuoso <> güzel
virtuoso <> virtü
virtuosos <> virtü
virtuous <> dürüs
virtuous <> erdem
virtuous <> fazil
virtuous <> iffet
virtuous <> namus
virtuous <> ustal
virtuousness <> erdem
virtus <> Virtu
virucidal <> virüs
virucide <> virus
virulence <> öldür
virulence <> şidde
virulence <> düşma
virulence <> keski
virulence <> kin
virulence <> virül
virulence <> zehir
virulent <> çabuk
virulent <> öldür
virulent <> şidde
virulent <> düşma
virulent <> kin 
virulent <> kuvve
virus <> virüs
viruses <> virüs
vis <> güç
vis <> kuvve
vis <> vis
vis <> yetki
visa <> Visa
visa <> onay
visa <> onayl
visa <> vize
visaed <> vize
visage <> çehre
visage <> sima
visage <> yüz
visas <> vizel
viscera <> iç
viscera <> iç 
visceral <> iç 
visceral <> visse
viscerally <> içgüd
viscid <> yapış
viscidity <> yapış
viscoelastic <> visko
viscoelasticity <> visko
viscometer <> visko
viscometers <> visko
viscometry <> visko
viscose <> visko
viscosimeter <> visko
viscosimeters <> visko
viscosimetry <> visko
viscosities <> visko
viscosity <> visko
viscosity <> yarı
viscount <> vikon
viscountess <> vikon
viscous <> ağdal
viscous <> visko
viscous <> yapış
viscum <> Viscu
viscus <> organ
vise <> menge
vise <> onay
vise <> onayl
vise <> vize
vised <> Denet
vises <> Menge
visibility <> görüş
visibility <> görün
visible <> açık
visible <> görül
visible <> görün
visible <> göze
visible <> gözle
visible <> mevcu
visibles <> Visib
visibly <> gözle
visier <> Visie
vision <> önsez
vision <> görüş
vision <> görül
vision <> görme
vision <> güzel
vision <> hayal
vision <> ileri
vision <> kurun
vision <> vizyo
visional <> görün
visionaries <> vizyo
visionary <> önsez
visionary <> düşse
visionary <> evham
visionary <> hayal
visionary <> kurun
visioned <> vizyo
visioner <> vizyo
visioning <> vizyo
visions <> vizyo
visit <> çekti
visit <> çene
visit <> gezme
visit <> lafla
visit <> misaf
visit <> musal
visit <> tefti
visit <> uğram
visit <> vizit
visit <> ziyar
visitable <> gezil
visitant <> göçme
visitant <> ziyar
visitation <> aşırı
visitation <> hasta
visitation <> tanrı
visitation <> tefti
visitation <> uzun
visitation <> ziyar
visitations <> ziyar
visitatorial <> tefti
visited <> ziyar
visiters <> ziyar
visites <> Ziyar
visiting <> Ziyar
visiting <> konuk
visiting <> ziyar
visitings <> ziyar
visitor <> konuk
visitor <> müfet
visitor <> misaf
visitor <> ziyar
visitorial <> tefti
visitors <> göçme
visitors <> turis
visitors <> ziyar
visits <> Ziyar
visne <> Vişne
visor <> şapka
visor <> güneş
visor <> maske
visor <> miğfe
visors <> siper
vista <> dehli
vista <> görün
vista <> hayal
vista <> korid
vista <> manza
vista <> olayl
vistula <> Vistu
visual <> görüş
visual <> görül
visual <> görme
visual <> görse
visual <> kroki
visual <> optik
visual <> tasla
visualisation <> görün
visualisation <> gözün
visualisations <> görse
visualise <> görse
visualise <> gözün
visualised <> görse
visualiser <> Visua
visualising <> görse
visuality <> görse
visualization <> görün
visualization <> gözün
visualizations <> görse
visualize <> görse
visualize <> gözün
visualized <> görse
visualizer <> ticar
visualizes <> görse
visualizing <> görse
visually <> Görme
visuals <> görse
visuospatial <> görse
vita <> ömür
vita <> hayat
vita <> yaşam
vital <> öldür
vital <> canlı
vital <> hayat
vital <> yaşam
vital <> yaşay
vitaler <> Vital
vitalic <> Vital
vitalises <> canla
vitalising <> canla
vitality <> can
vitality <> canlı
vitality <> dayan
vitality <> diril
vitality <> güç
vitality <> yaşam
vitalization <> canla
vitalization <> diril
vitalization <> hayat
vitalize <> canla
vitalize <> diril
vitalize <> güç 
vitalize <> hayat
vitalized <> canla
vitalizer <> Vital
vitalizes <> yüzle
vitalizing <> canla
vitally <> hayat
vitals <> birbi
vitals <> hayat
vitamin <> vitam
vitamine <> vitam
vitamines <> vitam
vitaminized <> vitam
vitamins <> vitam
vitas <> Vitas
vitelli <> Vitel
vitelline <> vitel
vitex <> Vitex
vitiate <> berba
vitiate <> bozma
vitiate <> etkis
vitiate <> geçer
vitiate <> kirle
vitiate <> saptı
vitiation <> bozma
vitiation <> etkis
vitiation <> iptal
vitiation <> kirle
vitiation <> saptı
viticultural <> Bağcı
viticulture <> bağcı
vitrectomy <> vitre
vitreoretinopathies <> Vitre
vitreoretinopathy <> vitre
vitreous <> cam
vitreous <> cam 
vitreous <> camda
vitreous <> camlı
vitrescent <> cam 
vitric <> vitri
vitrifiable <> camla
vitrification <> cam 
vitrification <> camla
vitrified <> vitri
vitrify <> cam 
vitrify <> camla
vitrify <> perda
vitrify <> sırla
vitrine <> vitri
vitrines <> vitri
vitriol <> çok 
vitriol <> acı 
vitriol <> kezza
vitriol <> vitri
vitriolic <> acı
vitriolic <> iğnel
vitriolic <> vitri
vitriolize <> acı 
vitriolize <> sert
vitriolize <> vitri
vitruvian <> Vitru
vituperate <> azarl
vituperate <> hakar
vituperate <> küfre
vituperate <> sövme
vituperation <> azarl
vituperation <> fırça
vituperation <> küfre
vituperative <> ağzı
vituperative <> azarl
vituperative <> küfür
viva <> çok 
viva <> sözlü
viva <> yaşa
vivacious <> canlı
vivacious <> hayat
vivacious <> neşel
vivaciously <> cıvıl
vivacity <> canlı
vivacity <> neşe
vivarium <> vivar
vivas <> Vivas
vivat <> Vivat
viver <> Viver
vivere <> Viver
vives <> Vives
vivianite <> Vivia
vivid <> canlı
vivid <> hayat
vivid <> inand
vivid <> parla
vivid <> yalın
vividly <> canlı
vividness <> canlı
vividness <> parla
vivify <> canla
vivify <> güçle
vivify <> hayat
vivify <> neşel
vivifying <> Canla
viviparous <> doğur
viviparous <> filiz
vivisect <> üzeri
vivisection <> canlı
vivisection <> denek
vixen <> cadal
vixen <> dişi
vixen <> huysu
vixen <> tilki
vixenish <> hırçı
vixenish <> huysu
vizard <> Vizar
vizier <> vezir
viziers <> vezir
vizor <> şapka
vizor <> güneş
vizor <> maske
vizor <> miğfe
vizsla <> Vizsl
vlies <> VLIES
vly <> Vly
vocab <> Vocab
vocable <> kelim
vocable <> söz
vocable <> sözcü
vocabular <> sözcü
vocabularies <> sözlü
vocabulary <> kelim
vocabulary <> kulla
vocal <> konuş
vocal <> lâfın
vocal <> sözlü
vocal <> ses
vocal <> sesle
vocal <> sesli
vocal <> vokal
vocalic <> sesli
vocalisation <> sesle
vocalism <> sesi
vocalism <> sesli
vocalist <> şarkı
vocalist <> sesle
vocalist <> vokla
vocalization <> sesle
vocalization <> sesli
vocalization <> vokal
vocalize <> nokta
vocalize <> sesle
vocalize <> sesli
vocalize <> vokal
vocalized <> sesle
vocalizer <> Vocal
vocals <> vokal
vocation <> çağrı
vocation <> davet
vocation <> kabil
vocation <> mesle
vocation <> uğraş
vocation <> yeten
vocational <> mesle
vocationally <> mesle
vocations <> mesle
vocative <> ismin
vocative <> sesle
vocative <> vokat
voces <> Voces
vociferate <> bağır
vociferate <> gürül
vociferation <> bağır
vociferation <> gürül
vociferous <> bağır
vociferous <> gürül
vociferous <> sesli
vociferously <> yükse
vocoder <> Vocod
vodka <> votka
vodkas <> vodka
voe <> VOE
vogue <> moda
vogue <> popül
vogue <> rağbe
vogue <> tutma
voice <> çatı
voice <> şarkı
voice <> akort
voice <> düşün
voice <> dile
voice <> fikir
voice <> ifade
voice <> söyle
voice <> söz
voice <> ses
voice <> ses 
voiceband <> ses 
voiced <> akort
voiced <> sesli
voiceless <> düşün
voiceless <> dilsi
voiceless <> oy 
voiceless <> sessi
voiceover <> sesle
voiceovers <> sesle
voiceprints <> sesli
voices <> sesle
voicing <> dile
void <> çıkar
void <> ıssız
void <> atmak
void <> boş
void <> boş 
void <> boşal
void <> boşlu
void <> eksik
void <> fayda
void <> geçer
void <> hüküm
void <> iptal
void <> tahli
void <> terke
voidable <> geçer
voidable <> iptal
voidance <> boşal
voidance <> tahli
voidance <> terke
voided <> iptal
voiding <> işeme
voidness <> boşlu
voidness <> geçer
voidness <> hüküm
voids <> boşlu
voile <> vual
voiles <> Voile
voivodeship <> Voivo
vola <> Vola
volador <> Volad
volant <> çevik
volant <> uçabi
volant <> uçan
volapuk <> Volap
volaris <> Volar
volatile <> buhar
volatile <> dönek
volatile <> geçic
volatile <> gelge
volatile <> havai
volatile <> uçucu
volatiles <> uçucu
volatilisation <> uçuru
volatilised <> uçuru
volatilities <> dalga
volatility <> buhar
volatility <> dönek
volatility <> gelge
volatility <> havai
volatility <> uçucu
volatilization <> buhar
volatilization <> uçma
volatilize <> buhar
volatilize <> gaz 
volatilized <> Buhar
volcanic <> hidde
volcanic <> taşkı
volcanic <> volka
volcanic <> yanar
volcanically <> volka
volcaniclastic <> volka
volcanics <> volka
volcanism <> volka
volcanisms <> volka
volcano <> volka
volcano <> yanar
volcanoes <> yanar
volcanological <> Volka
volcanology <> volka
volcanology <> yanar
volcanos <> volka
vole <> tarla
vole <> vale
volente <> çıkma
voles <> Voles
volition <> irade
volition <> istem
volitional <> irade
volitionless <> irade
volitive <> irade
volitive <> istem
volks <> Volka
volley <> atma
volley <> topa
volley <> voley
volley <> yağdı
volley <> yaylı
volleyball <> voley
volleyballs <> voley
volleyer <> Volec
volleys <> yaylı
volplane <> süzül
vols <> cilt
volt <> sakın
volt <> volt
voltage <> geril
voltage <> volta
voltages <> geril
voltaic <> elekt
voltaic <> galva
voltaic <> volta
voltametric <> volta
voltammetry <> volta
voltmeter <> geril
voltmeter <> voltm
voltmeters <> voltm
volts <> volt
volubility <> akıcı
volubility <> dilli
volubility <> gevez
volubility <> konuş
voluble <> çeneb
voluble <> akıcı
voluble <> dilli
voluble <> gevez
voluble <> konuş
voluble <> sarma
volume <> cilt
volume <> hacim
volume <> ses 
volume <> tutar
volume <> yığın
volume <> yoğun
volumed <> ciltl
volumes <> hacim
volumetric <> hacim
volumetric <> volum
volumetrical <> volum
volumetrically <> hacim
voluminous <> çok 
voluminous <> cilt
voluminous <> güçlü
voluminous <> hacim
voluminous <> kat 
volumising <> hacim
volumizing <> Hacim
voluntaries <> gönül
voluntarily <> kendi
voluntariness <> gönül
voluntariness <> irade
voluntariness <> istey
voluntarism <> gönül
voluntary <> özgür
voluntary <> fahri
voluntary <> gönül
voluntary <> istem
voluntary <> istey
voluntary <> kasıt
volunteer <> üstle
volunteer <> gönül
volunteer <> istey
volunteer <> kendi
volunteered <> gönül
volunteering <> gönül
volunteerism <> gönül
volunteers <> gönül
volunter <> gönül
voluptuary <> şehve
voluptuary <> seks
voluptuous <> şehve
voluptuous <> cinse
voluptuous <> lüks
voluptuous <> seks
voluptuous <> zevk
voluptuously <> coşku
voluptuousness <> şehve
voluptuousness <> cinse
voluptuousness <> seks
voluptuousness <> seksi
volute <> helez
volute <> kıvrı
volute <> sarma
voluted <> kıvrı
voluted <> sarma
volutes <> sarma
volution <> dönme
volution <> helez
vomica <> Vomic
vomit <> çıkar
vomit <> istif
vomit <> kusma
vomit <> kusmu
vomit <> kustu
vomit <> lav 
vomit <> püskü
vomited <> kustu
vomiting <> kusma
vomitive <> kustu
vomitory <> kustu
vomitting <> kusma
voodoo <> büyü
voodoo <> büyül
voodoo <> put
voodoo <> zenci
voodooism <> büyüc
voortrekker <> Voort
voracious <> açgöz
voracious <> hırsl
voracious <> istek
voracious <> obur
voracity <> açgöz
voracity <> hırs
voracity <> oburl
vorago <> Vorag
vorlage <> Vorla
vorpal <> Vorpa
vortex <> anafo
vortex <> burga
vortex <> girda
vortex <> merke
vortexes <> vorte
vortical <> girda
vortices <> girda
vorticity <> girda
votaress <> kendi
votary <> ateşl
votary <> kendi
vote <> önerm
vote <> bildi
vote <> karar
vote <> oy
vote <> oy 
vote <> oylam
vote <> oylan
vote <> oylay
vote <> seçim
voted <> oy
voter <> oy 
voter <> seçme
voters <> seçme
votes <> oy
voting <> oy 
voting <> oylam
votive <> adak
vouch <> doğru
vouch <> garan
vouch <> kefil
vouch <> onayl
vouch <> tanık
vouched <> kefil
voucher <> belge
voucher <> delil
voucher <> fiş
voucher <> kefil
voucher <> makbu
voucher <> senet
vouchers <> kupon
vouching <> arkas
vouchsafe <> ihsan
vouchsafe <> lütfe
vouchsafe <> tenez
voussoir <> Kemer
voussoirs <> ait
vouvray <> VOUVR
vow <> adak
vow <> adama
vow <> ahdet
vow <> ant
vow <> ant 
vow <> yemin
vowed <> sözü
vowel <> ünlü
vowel <> sesli
vowelize <> sesli
vowels <> ünlül
vowing <> sözü
vows <> sözü
vox <> ses
vox <> vox
voxel <> vokse
voxels <> vokse
voyage <> sefer
voyage <> seyah
voyage <> yolcu
voyaged <> gemiy
voyager <> gezgi
voyager <> seyya
voyager <> yolcu
voyagers <> yolcu
voyages <> sefer
voyageurs <> Voyag
voyeur <> röntg
voyeur <> seviş
voyeurism <> röntg
voyeuristic <> röntg
voyeurs <> röntg
vril <> Vril
vroom <> yükse
vrouw <> Vrouw
vulcan <> Vulka
vulcan <> ateş
vulcanic <> hidde
vulcanic <> volka
vulcanic <> yanar
vulcanisation <> vulka
vulcanised <> vulka
vulcanising <> vulka
vulcanite <> vulka
vulcanizates <> vulka
vulcanization <> vulka
vulcanize <> kükür
vulcanize <> vulka
vulcanized <> vulka
vulcanizer <> Presi
vulcanizing <> vulka
vulcano <> Vulca
vulgar <> adi
vulgar <> basit
vulgar <> bayağ
vulgar <> halk
vulgar <> halka
vulgar <> hoyra
vulgar <> kaba
vulgarian <> görgü
vulgarian <> sonra
vulgarism <> bayağ
vulgarism <> halk
vulgarism <> kabal
vulgarism <> terbi
vulgarism <> zevks
vulgarity <> adili
vulgarity <> argo
vulgarity <> basit
vulgarity <> bayağ
vulgarity <> edeps
vulgarity <> kaba
vulgarity <> kabal
vulgarization <> adile
vulgarization <> basit
vulgarization <> bayağ
vulgarization <> kabal
vulgarize <> adile
vulgarize <> basit
vulgarize <> bayağ
vulgarize <> kabal
vulgarly <> adice
vulgarly <> basit
vulgarly <> kabac
vulgate <> Vulga
vulnerabilities <> güven
vulnerability <> güven
vulnerability <> savun
vulnerability <> yaran
vulnerable <> eğili
vulnerable <> kolay
vulnerable <> savun
vulnerable <> yaral
vulnerable <> zedel
vulnerary <> yara
vulnerary <> yaral
vulnerary <> yaray
vulpine <> kurna
vulpine <> tilki
vulture <> açgöz
vulture <> akbab
vulture <> kerke
vultures <> akbab
vulturine <> açgöz
vulturine <> akbab
vulturous <> açgöz
vulturous <> akbab
vulva <> dişil
vulva <> ferç
vulva <> vulva
vulval <> vulva
vulvovaginal <> vulvo
vulvovaginitis <> vulvo
vying <> rekab
waag <> Waag
wabbit <> Wabbi
wacke <> vake
wacked <> Wacke
wacker <> Wacke
wackers <> Wacke
wackos <> kırık
wacky <> kaçık
wacky <> mantı
wacky <> manya
wacky <> saçma
wacky <> sapık
wad <> pamuk
wad <> tüfek
wad <> tıkaç
wad <> tıkam
wad <> tıpa
wad <> tampo
wad <> tomar
wad <> vatka
wada <> WADA
wadding <> dolgu
wadding <> tıkaç
wadding <> tela
wadding <> vatka
waddle <> badi
waddle <> payta
wade <> çamur
wade <> suda
wade <> yürüy
wade <> zorla
wade <> zorlu
wader <> uzunb
wader <> yağmu
waders <> uzun
wadi <> yazın
wading <> Wadin
wae <> WAE
waes <> Waes
wafer <> aşai
wafer <> dondu
wafer <> gofre
wafer <> ilaç
wafer <> kâğıt
wafer <> mektu
wafer <> silik
wafers <> gofre
waffle <> boş 
waffle <> gözle
waffle <> gevel
waffle <> saçma
waffles <> waffl
waft <> el 
waft <> esint
waft <> fland
waft <> hafif
waft <> rüzgâ
waft <> sürük
waft <> taşım
wag <> şakac
wag <> şarla
wag <> asmak
wag <> harek
wag <> salla
wage <> ücret
wage <> devam
wage <> hafta
wage <> maaş
wage <> sürdü
wage <> yürüt
wage <> yevmi
waged <> ücret
wager <> bahis
wager <> bahse
wager <> riske
wagered <> oyana
wagering <> bahis
wagers <> bahis
wages <> ücret
wages <> bedel
wages <> hafta
wages <> işgüc
wages <> karşı
wages <> yevmi
waggery <> şaka
waggery <> şakac
waggery <> lâtif
wagging <> salla
waggish <> şaka
waggish <> şakac
waggish <> muzip
waggish <> nükte
waggishness <> şaka
waggishness <> şakac
waggle <> harek
waggle <> salla
waggon <> Araba
waggon <> Büyük
waggon <> katar
waggon <> yük 
waggoner <> Araba
waggoner <> Büyük
waggoner <> araba
waging <> yürüt
wagon <> katar
wagon <> wagon
wagon <> yük 
wagoneer <> araba
wagoner <> Araba
wagoner <> Büyük
wagoner <> araba
wagons <> vagon
wagtail <> sarı
wahine <> Wahin
wahoo <> Wahoo
waif <> başıb
waif <> batan
waif <> kalın
waif <> kayıp
waif <> kimse
waif <> sahip
waifs <> Waifs
wail <> ağıt
wail <> ağlam
wail <> acı 
wail <> ferya
wail <> hayıf
wail <> inlem
wail <> yas 
wailed <> ferya
wailer <> Waile
wailing <> ağıt
wailing <> ağlay
wailing <> ferya
wailing <> inilt
wailing <> inlem
wailing <> inley
wails <> ağıtl
wain <> Araba
wain <> Büyük
wain <> yük
wain <> yük 
wainscot <> lambr
wainscot <> tahta
wainscotting <> kapla
wainscotting <> lambr
wainscotting <> tahta
waist <> bel
waist <> korsa
waist <> orta
waist <> yelek
waistband <> kemer
waistband <> kuşak
waistcoat <> yelek
waistcoats <> yelek
waisted <> belli
waistline <> bel
waistline <> bel 
wait <> bekle
wait <> garso
wait <> kalma
wait <> pusu
wait <> servi
waite <> Waite
waited <> bekle
waiter <> garso
waiter <> uşak
waiters <> Garso
waiting <> bekle
waiting <> eşlik
waiting <> ihtiy
waiting <> refak
waiting <> temki
waitlist <> yedek
waitlisted <> bekle
waitlisting <> aracı
waitress <> garso
waitresses <> garso
waits <> Noeld
waits <> bekle
waits <> kasab
waive <> ertel
waive <> ferag
waive <> vazge
waived <> ferag
waiver <> ferag
waiver <> vazge
waivers <> ferag
waives <> ferag
waiving <> ferag
waka <> Waka
wake <> ölünü
wake <> ölüyü
wake <> anlam
wake <> canla
wake <> dümen
wake <> gözün
wake <> gemi
wake <> körük
wake <> rüzgâ
wake <> sabah
wake <> uyand
wake <> uyanm
wake <> yıllı
wakeboarding <> Wakeb
waked <> Waked
wakeful <> tetik
wakeful <> uyanı
wakeful <> uykus
wakefulness <> uyanı
wakeman <> Wakem
waken <> anlam
waken <> canla
waken <> farkı
waken <> görme
waken <> gözün
waken <> körük
waken <> uyand
waken <> uyanm
wakened <> olmuş
wakening <> uyanı
waker <> Lagos
wakes <> uyanı
wakeup <> uyanm
wakey <> Wakey
waking <> gözü
waking <> uyanı
waking <> uykus
waking <> uyuma
waldhorn <> Waldh
wale <> çizgi
wale <> iz
wale <> kırba
wale <> kenar
wale <> perva
waled <> Waled
wales <> Gal
wales <> Gal 
wales <> Galle
walhalla <> Walha
wali <> Wali
walk <> adıml
walk <> devri
walk <> dolaş
walk <> eşlik
walk <> gezdi
walk <> gezin
walk <> gezme
walk <> iş 
walk <> koyun
walk <> taşım
walk <> yürüm
walk <> yürün
walk <> yürüt
walk <> yürüy
walk <> yol
walkable <> yürün
walkabout <> dolaş
walkabout <> gezin
walkabout <> halkı
walkabouts <> Walka
walkathon <> yürüy
walkaway <> kolay
walked <> yürüd
walker <> yürüm
walker <> yürüt
walker <> yürüy
walker <> yaya
walkers <> yürüy
walking <> ayakl
walking <> yürüm
walking <> yürüy
walkings <> yürüy
walkout <> çekil
walkout <> bırak
walkout <> grev
walkout <> işi 
walkout <> terke
walkout <> topla
walkover <> kolay
walks <> yürüy
walkway <> geçit
walkway <> kaldı
walkway <> patik
walkways <> yürüm
wall <> çeper
wall <> ayırm
wall <> duvar
wall <> kapat
wall <> set
wall <> sur
wall <> tecri
wall <> zar
wallabies <> Walla
wallaby <> küçük
wallaby <> valab
wallah <> kişi
wallah <> kimse
wallas <> Walla
wallboard <> duvar
wallboards <> Duvar
walled <> duvar
waller <> Walle
wallet <> cüzda
wallet <> dağar
wallet <> portf
wallets <> cüzda
wallflower <> dansa
wallflower <> sarı
wallflowers <> Arif
wallie <> Walli
walling <> duvar
wallop <> çok 
wallop <> bata
wallop <> dövme
wallop <> dayak
wallop <> fokur
wallop <> heyec
wallop <> mahve
wallop <> sert
wallop <> yenme
walloping <> kocam
walloping <> kuyru
wallow <> çamur
wallow <> yuvar
wallowed <> yüzdü
wallpaper <> duvar
wallpapering <> duvar
wallpapers <> duvar
walls <> Duvar
wallsend <> Walls
walnut <> ceviz
walnuts <> ceviz
walrus <> deniz
walrus <> mors
waltz <> seker
waltz <> vals
waltzes <> vals
waltzing <> vals
waly <> Waly
wampum <> kızıl
wan <> benzi
wan <> bitik
wan <> solgu
wan <> soluk
wan <> yorgu
wand <> çubuk
wand <> asa
wand <> orkes
wand <> sihir
wander <> abuk
wander <> dalıp
wander <> dolaş
wander <> gezin
wander <> gezme
wander <> kıvrı
wander <> kaybo
wander <> sapma
wander <> sayık
wander <> uzakl
wander <> yolun
wandered <> gezin
wanderer <> avare
wanderer <> göçeb
wanderer <> gezgi
wanderers <> gezgi
wandering <> amaçs
wandering <> avare
wandering <> başıb
wandering <> dalda
wandering <> dalgı
wandering <> göçeb
wandering <> gezgi
wandering <> gezin
wandering <> sürün
wandering <> sayık
wandering <> serse
wanderings <> Wande
wanderlust <> yolcu
wanders <> dolan
wandoo <> bir 
wands <> değne
wane <> azalm
wane <> batma
wane <> eksil
wane <> küçül
wane <> keres
wane <> solma
wane <> sonun
wane <> zayıf
waned <> azald
waner <> Waner
wanes <> azalı
wanger <> Wange
wangle <> cayma
wangle <> dolay
wangle <> hile
wangle <> hiley
wangle <> kitab
wangle <> sızdı
wangle <> vazge
wangler <> üçkâğ
wangler <> hilek
wangler <> oyunb
wangs <> Wangs
waning <> Zayıf
wank <> kendi
wank <> mastu
wank <> otuzb
wankers <> Wanke
wanna <> istiy
wannabee <> Wanna
wannabes <> özent
wanner <> Wanne
wanning <> Wanni
wans <> WAN
want <> arzu
want <> arzul
want <> eksik
want <> fakir
want <> gerek
want <> ihtiy
want <> istek
want <> istem
want <> istiy
want <> lüzum
want <> talep
want <> yoklu
want <> yoksu
wantage <> fıçıd
wantage <> fire
wantage <> zayi
wanted <> arana
wanted <> gerek
wanted <> lazım
wanting <> -sız
wanting <> -siz
wanting <> eksik
wanting <> noksa
wanting <> yoksu
wantings <> istek
wanton <> çok 
wanton <> aşırı
wanton <> ahlak
wanton <> aklın
wanton <> amaçs
wanton <> düşün
wanton <> hafif
wanton <> kötü
wanton <> kendi
wanton <> maska
wanton <> oyunb
wanton <> sebep
wanton <> serke
wantonness <> ahlak
wantonness <> art 
wantonness <> düşün
wantonness <> hafif
wantonness <> kötü
wantonness <> sebep
wants <> ihtiy
wants <> isten
wants <> istiy
wanze <> Wanze
waps <> WAP
waqf <> vakıf
waqfs <> vakıf
war <> düşma
war <> harp
war <> mücâd
war <> savaş
war <> uğraş
waratah <> Warat
waratahs <> Warat
warble <> ötme
warble <> ötmek
warble <> şırıl
warble <> şakım
warble <> ezgi
warble <> hayva
warble <> nağme
warble <> semer
warble <> sesin
warbler <> çalı
warbler <> ötleğ
warbler <> tatlı
warbles <> şakır
warcry <> Warcr
ward <> önlem
ward <> şato
ward <> bölge
ward <> gözet
ward <> hapis
ward <> kilit
ward <> koğuş
ward <> korum
ward <> vesay
warden <> bekçi
warden <> gardi
warden <> hapis
warden <> koruy
warden <> müdür
warden <> muhaf
warden <> rektö
wardens <> bekçi
warder <> bekçi
warder <> gardi
warder <> nöbet
wardress <> kadın
wardrobe <> dolap
wardrobe <> elbis
wardrobe <> gardr
wardrobe <> giysi
wardrobes <> gardr
wardroom <> subay
wardrop <> dolab
wardrops <> gardr
wards <> koğuş
wardship <> vasil
wardship <> vesay
ware <> dikka
ware <> eşya
ware <> mal
ware <> porse
ware <> tabak
warehouse <> ambar
warehouse <> antre
warehouse <> ardiy
warehouse <> büyük
warehouse <> depo
warehouse <> depol
warehouse <> topta
warehouseman <> ambar
warehouseman <> depoc
warehouseman <> mağaz
warehouses <> Depol
warehousing <> depol
wares <> malla
wares <> satıl
warfare <> harp
warfare <> mücâd
warfare <> savaş
warhead <> savaş
warheads <> savaş
warhorse <> kurt
warhorse <> savaş
warhorse <> usta
warily <> ihtiy
wariness <> ihtiy
wariness <> uyanı
waring <> Warin
wark <> Wark
warlike <> asker
warlike <> kavga
warlike <> savaş
warlock <> büyüc
warlock <> falcı
warlock <> sihir
warlocks <> Warlo
warlord <> dikta
warlord <> kuman
warm <> ılık
warm <> ısınm
warm <> ısıtm
warm <> canlı
warm <> harar
warm <> heyec
warm <> sıcac
warm <> sıcak
warm <> samim
warm <> taze
warman <> Warma
warmaster <> Warma
warmblooded <> sıcak
warmed <> ısınd
warmen <> Warme
warmer <> ısıtı
warmer <> daha
warmers <> ısıtı
warmest <> sıcak
warmhearted <> sempa
warming <> ısınm
warming <> ısıta
warming <> ısıtm
warming <> dayak
warming <> patak
warmish <> ılık
warmly <> sıcak
warmness <> sıcak
warmonger <> savaş
warmongering <> savaş
warmongers <> savaş
warms <> ısıtı
warmth <> ısı
warmth <> harar
warmth <> heyec
warmth <> içten
warmth <> sıcak
warmth <> samim
warmths <> sıcak
warmup <> ısınm
warmup <> ısıtm
warmup <> son 
warn <> öğütl
warn <> haber
warn <> ihbar
warn <> ihtar
warn <> ikaz
warn <> tembi
warn <> uyarm
warned <> uyard
warners <> uyarı
warning <> öğüt
warning <> ibret
warning <> ihbar
warning <> ihtar
warning <> ikaz
warning <> nasih
warning <> tembi
warning <> uyarı
warning <> uyarm
warnings <> uyarı
warns <> uyard
warp <> çözgü
warp <> çarpı
warp <> alüvy
warp <> eğilm
warp <> eğmek
warp <> eğril
warp <> palam
warp <> sapma
warp <> saptı
warp <> sualt
warp <> yamuk
warp <> yamul
warp <> yanlı
warp <> yolda
warpage <> çarpı
warpath <> Warpa
warped <> çarpı
warped <> eğri
warped <> sapmı
warped <> taraf
warped <> yamuk
warping <> çözgü
warplane <> savaş
warplanes <> savaş
warps <> çözgü
warragul <> Warra
warrant <> garan
warrant <> hak
warrant <> haklı
warrant <> izin
warrant <> kefil
warrant <> mazur
warrant <> ruhsa
warrant <> tayin
warrant <> temin
warrant <> vekâl
warrant <> yetki
warrantable <> avlan
warrantable <> garan
warrantably <> uygun
warranted <> garan
warrantee <> kefil
warrantee <> temin
warrantees <> KEFAL
warranter <> garan
warranter <> kefil
warranties <> garan
warrants <> garan
warranty <> garan
warranty <> hak
warranty <> haklı
warranty <> kefal
warranty <> yetki
warren <> kalab
warren <> tavşa
warrens <> Warre
warring <> mücâd
warring <> muhal
warring <> savaş
warrior <> asker
warrior <> cengâ
warrior <> savaş
warriors <> savaş
wars <> savaş
warsaw <> Varşo
warsaws <> Varşo
warship <> savaş
warships <> savaş
wart <> şiş
wart <> siğil
wart <> yumru
warted <> siğil
wartime <> savaş
warts <> siğil
warty <> siğil
warworn <> savaş
wary <> dikka
wary <> ihtiy
wary <> tedbi
wary <> uyanı
was <> oldu
wase <> olduğ
wash <> çalka
wash <> aşınd
wash <> antis
wash <> badan
wash <> boyam
wash <> bulaş
wash <> dümen
wash <> dalga
wash <> elini
wash <> erezy
wash <> inand
wash <> ince
wash <> kıyıy
wash <> losyo
wash <> mutfa
wash <> sulu
wash <> suyla
wash <> taşım
wash <> uçak
wash <> yıkam
wash <> yıkan
wash <> yıkay
washability <> yıkan
washable <> yıkan
washbasin <> lavab
washbasin <> leğen
washbasins <> lavab
washboard <> çamaş
washboard <> dalga
washboard <> tümse
washbowl <> lavab
washbowl <> leğen
washcloth <> küçük
washcloth <> lif
washcloths <> tuval
washday <> çamaş
washed <> yıkan
washer <> çamaş
washer <> pul
washer <> ronde
washer <> yıkam
washer <> yıkay
washers <> ronde
washerwoman <> çamaş
washes <> yıkar
washeteria <> çamaş
washeteria <> paral
washiness <> cansı
washiness <> solgu
washiness <> soluk
washiness <> sulul
washing <> çamaş
washing <> bulaş
washing <> ince
washing <> lavma
washing <> yıkam
washing <> yıkan
washings <> çamaş
washingtonia <> Washi
washout <> ıskal
washout <> başar
washout <> erozy
washout <> fiyas
washout <> su 
washout <> yıkam
washroom <> helâ
washroom <> tuval
washrooms <> tuval
washstand <> el 
washstand <> lavab
washstands <> lavab
washtub <> çamaş
washtub <> leğen
washwoman <> çamaş
washy <> halsi
washy <> kuvve
washy <> solmu
washy <> soluk
washy <> sulu
wasp <> arı
wasp <> beyaz
wasp <> eşeka
wasp <> sarıc
wasp <> yaban
waspish <> asabi
waspish <> huysu
waspish <> ince
wasps <> eşeka
wassail <> şeref
wassail <> Noeld
wassail <> içki
wasserman <> Wasse
wast <> idin
wastage <> boşa
wastage <> fire
wastage <> israf
waste <> çöp
waste <> çarçu
waste <> öldür
waste <> ıssız
waste <> aşınm
waste <> aşırı
waste <> artık
waste <> atık
waste <> boş
waste <> boş 
waste <> boşa
waste <> dökün
waste <> değer
waste <> ekilm
waste <> harap
waste <> harca
waste <> heba
waste <> israf
waste <> kasve
waste <> kulla
waste <> sıkıc
waste <> sarfi
waste <> tüken
waste <> tüket
wastebasket <> çöp
wastebasket <> çöp 
wastebin <> Çöp
wasted <> israf
wasteful <> müsri
wasteful <> savur
wasteful <> tutum
wasteful <> zarar
wastefully <> müsri
wastefulness <> israf
wastefulness <> müsri
wastefulness <> savur
wastefulness <> tutum
wasteland <> boş
wasteland <> boş 
wasteland <> ekilm
wastelands <> çölle
wastepaper <> kâğıt
wastepaper <> kulla
waster <> ıskar
waster <> defol
waster <> savur
wastes <> atıkl
wastewater <> atıks
wastewaters <> atıks
wasting <> aşırı
wasting <> israf
wasting <> mahve
wastrel <> ıskar
wastrel <> defol
wastrel <> işe 
wastrel <> savur
watch <> başın
watch <> bakma
watch <> bekle
watch <> dikka
watch <> gözal
watch <> gözet
watch <> gözku
watch <> gözle
watch <> izle
watch <> izlem
watch <> kol 
watch <> kolla
watch <> nöbet
watch <> saat
watch <> seyre
watch <> vardi
watch <> yolun
watchdog <> bekçi
watchdogs <> bekçi
watched <> izled
watcher <> bakıc
watcher <> bekçi
watchers <> Watch
watches <> saatl
watchet <> Watch
watchful <> dikka
watchful <> tetik
watchful <> uyanı
watchfulness <> dikka
watchfulness <> gözku
watchfulness <> sakın
watchfulness <> uyanı
watchguard <> Watch
watchhouse <> karak
watchhouse <> polis
watching <> gözet
watching <> gözle
watching <> izliy
watching <> seyre
watchings <> İzlen
watchmaker <> saatç
watchmaker <> saat
watchmakers <> saatç
watchmaking <> saatç
watchmaking <> saat
watchman <> bekçi
watchman <> gözcü
watchman <> nöbet
watchout <> Watch
watchpoints <> Dikka
watchtower <> gözcü
watchtower <> gözet
watchtowers <> gözet
watchword <> parol
wate <> Wate
water <> ıslat
water <> hârel
water <> hafif
water <> hare
water <> kalit
water <> kaplı
water <> karas
water <> sıvı
water <> su
water <> su 
water <> sulam
water <> sulan
water <> sular
water <> sulub
water <> yaşar
waterbath <> su 
waterbed <> su
waterbeds <> su
waterbirds <> Su 
waterborne <> deniz
waterborne <> içme
waterborne <> su 
waterborne <> suya
waterbuses <> Deniz
watercolor <> sulub
watercolorist <> sulub
watercolors <> sulub
watercolour <> sulub
watercolourist <> sulub
watercolours <> sulub
watercourse <> çay
watercourse <> dere
watercourse <> nehir
watercourse <> suyol
watercourses <> su
watercraft <> deniz
watercress <> su
watercress <> su 
waterdrop <> su 
watered <> hârel
watered <> sulan
waterfall <> çağla
waterfall <> şelâl
waterfalls <> şelal
waterflow <> su 
waterfowl <> su
waterfowl <> su 
waterfront <> deniz
waterfront <> liman
waterfront <> su 
waterhole <> Water
waterholes <> su 
waterhouse <> Water
watering <> sulam
waterless <> çorak
waterless <> susuz
waterlessness <> Susuz
waterlily <> nilüf
waterline <> filig
waterline <> su 
waterlines <> su 
waterlogged <> su
waterlogged <> su 
waterlogging <> su
waterman <> kürek
waterman <> kayık
waterman <> su 
watermark <> filig
watermark <> su 
watermarked <> filig
watermarking <> damga
watermarks <> filig
watermelon <> karpu
watermelons <> karpu
waterpipe <> nargi
waterpipes <> nargi
waterpower <> su
waterproof <> su
waterproof <> su 
waterproof <> yağmu
waterproofed <> su
waterproofing <> su
waterproofness <> su 
waterproofs <> su
waters <> sular
waterscape <> deniz
watershed <> öneml
watershed <> dönüm
watershed <> nehir
watershed <> sınır
watersheds <> havza
watership <> Water
waterside <> deniz
waterside <> kıyı
waterside <> sahil
waterski <> su 
waterskiing <> su 
waterslide <> kaydı
waterslides <> su 
watersport <> su 
watersports <> su 
waterspout <> şidde
waterspout <> deniz
waterspout <> sağan
watersprings <> pınar
watertight <> çok 
watertight <> göz 
watertight <> hata
watertight <> su
watertight <> su 
watertightness <> sızdı
waterway <> su
waterways <> su
waterwork <> Su 
waterworks <> gözya
waterworks <> su 
waterworks <> yağmu
watery <> ıslak
watery <> sıkıc
watery <> sırsı
watery <> soluk
watery <> su 
watery <> sudan
watery <> sulak
watery <> sulu
watery <> tatsı
watery <> yağmu
watery <> yaşlı
watery <> yavan
watt <> vat
wattage <> vat
wattage <> vat 
wattages <> güçle
wattle <> çubuk
wattle <> bir 
wattle <> sarkı
wattle <> sepet
wattles <> kamış
wattles <> saz
wattmeter <> vatme
wattmeters <> wattm
watts <> watt
waugh <> Waugh
waul <> miyav
wave <> dalga
wave <> el 
wave <> hare
wave <> salla
waveband <> dalga
wavebands <> dalga
waved <> dalga
waveform <> dalga
waveforms <> dalga
waveguide <> dalga
waveguides <> dalga
wavelength <> dalga
wavelengths <> dalga
waveless <> dalga
wavelet <> dalga
wavelets <> dalga
wavelike <> dalga
waver <> bocal
waver <> durak
waver <> salla
waver <> sende
waver <> tered
waver <> titre
wavered <> titri
waverer <> bocal
waverer <> karar
waverer <> tered
wavering <> bocal
wavering <> salla
wavering <> tered
wavering <> titre
wavering <> yalpa
waves <> dalga
waviness <> Dalga
waving <> salla
wavy <> dalga
wavy <> harel
wavy <> titre
wawe <> Dalga
wax <> öfke
wax <> -leşm
wax <> ağda
wax <> artma
wax <> büyüm
wax <> balmu
wax <> cila
wax <> cilal
wax <> halin
wax <> kızgı
wax <> kulak
wax <> mum
wax <> mumla
waxcloth <> muşam
waxcloth <> mumlu
waxed <> mumlu
waxen <> balmu
waxen <> kolay
waxen <> mum 
waxen <> mumlu
waxes <> mumla
waxing <> balmu
waxwork <> balmu
waxwork <> mum 
waxworks <> balmu
waxy <> öfkel
waxy <> balmu
waxy <> kolay
waxy <> mumlu
waxy <> sinir
way <> bakım
way <> civar
way <> davra
way <> durum
way <> gelen
way <> gidiş
way <> iş 
way <> mesaf
way <> taraf
way <> tarz
way <> usul
way <> yön
way <> yönte
way <> yapıl
way <> yol
waybill <> gönde
waybill <> irsal
waybill <> manif
waybill <> yolcu
wayfarer <> yaya
wayfarers <> Wayfa
wayfaring <> yaya
wayland <> Wayla
waylay <> pusu
waylay <> pusuy
wayleaves <> Yol 
wayman <> Wayma
waypoint <> geçiş
waypoints <> yol 
ways <> yolla
wayside <> yol
wayside <> yol 
wayward <> şımar
wayward <> asi
wayward <> dik 
wayward <> kapri
wayward <> karar
wayward <> nazlı
wayward <> ters
wayward <> tutar
waywardness <> şımar
waywardness <> düzen
waywardness <> dağın
waywardness <> inatç
waywardness <> inat
waywardness <> kapri
wayworn <> yol
wayworn <> yol 
wazir <> Vezir
we <> biz
weak <> aciz
weak <> cılız
weak <> cansı
weak <> dayan
weak <> güçsü
weak <> hafif
weak <> halsi
weak <> irade
weak <> kuvve
weak <> silik
weak <> sulu
weak <> zayıf
weaken <> cansı
weaken <> güçsü
weaken <> gücün
weaken <> hafif
weaken <> kuvve
weaken <> zayıf
weakened <> zayıf
weakening <> güçsü
weakening <> zayıf
weakens <> zayıf
weaker <> zayıf
weakest <> zayıf
weakling <> cılız
weakling <> zayıf
weakly <> bitki
weakly <> halsi
weakly <> hasta
weakly <> zaaf
weakly <> zayıf
weakness <> cansı
weakness <> dayan
weakness <> güçsü
weakness <> halsi
weakness <> hasta
weakness <> kuvve
weakness <> zaaf
weakness <> zayıf
weaknesses <> zayıf
weal <> iyi 
weal <> iz
weal <> kamçı
weal <> mutlu
weal <> refah
weald <> Weald
wealth <> bollu
wealth <> mal 
wealth <> serve
wealth <> varlı
wealth <> zengi
wealthier <> varlı
wealthiest <> zengi
wealthiness <> zengi
wealths <> serve
wealthy <> bol
wealthy <> paral
wealthy <> varlı
wealthy <> zengi
wean <> memed
wean <> sütte
wean <> soğut
wean <> vazge
weaned <> sütte
weaning <> sütte
weapon <> silâh
weapon <> silah
weaponless <> silâh
weaponry <> silâh
weaponry <> silah
weapons <> silah
wear <> aşınd
wear <> aşınm
wear <> boca
wear <> dayan
wear <> elbis
wear <> eskim
wear <> giyin
wear <> giyme
wear <> giysi
wear <> kulla
wear <> soldu
wear <> solma
wear <> taşım
wear <> takın
wear <> takma
wear <> volta
wear <> yıpra
wearability <> giyil
wearable <> giyil
weared <> Palet
wearer <> giyen
wearer <> takan
wearers <> kulla
weariless <> yorul
wearily <> yorgu
weariness <> bıkkı
weariness <> bezgi
weariness <> bitki
weariness <> usanç
weariness <> yorgu
wearing <> bıktı
wearing <> giyil
wearing <> giyme
wearing <> giymi
wearing <> usand
wearing <> yıpra
wearing <> yoruc
wearisome <> bıkma
wearisome <> bıktı
wearisome <> sıkıc
wearisome <> usand
wearisome <> usanm
wearisome <> yorma
wearisome <> yoruc
wears <> giyer
weary <> bıkkı
weary <> bıkmı
weary <> bıkma
weary <> bıktı
weary <> bitki
weary <> usand
weary <> usanm
weary <> yorgu
weary <> yorma
weary <> yoruc
weasel <> gelin
weasel <> kurna
weasel <> palet
weasel <> samur
weasel <> sansa
weasel <> sinsi
weasels <> gelin
weather <> hava
weather <> haval
weather <> iğdiş
weather <> kısır
weather <> kurut
weather <> rengi
weatherboard <> bindi
weathercast <> hava
weathercock <> dönek
weathercock <> fırıl
weathercock <> rüzgâ
weathered <> ayrış
weatherglass <> barom
weathering <> ayrış
weathering <> kötü
weatherly <> Weath
weatherman <> hava
weatherman <> meteo
weatherperson <> hava
weatherproof <> kötü
weatherproofed <> hava
weatherproofing <> hava
weathers <> haval
weatherstrip <> fitil
weathertight <> hava
weathervanes <> Rüzga
weave <> örme
weave <> örmek
weave <> dokum
weave <> karış
weave <> katma
weave <> kurma
weave <> serpi
weave <> yapma
weave <> zikza
weaved <> Dokun
weaver <> dokum
weavers <> dokum
weaves <> örgül
weaving <> örme
weaving <> dokum
weavings <> dokum
weazened <> kart
weazened <> kurum
weazened <> pörsü
web <> örümc
web <> bağla
web <> dokum
web <> perde
web <> tomar
web <> web
webbed <> perde
webbing <> dokum
webbing <> sağla
webby <> Webby
webcams <> web 
webcrawler <> WebCr
webers <> Weber
webfoot <> perde
webform <> Webfo
webforms <> WebFo
webpage <> web 
webpages <> web 
webs <> ağlar
website <> web 
website <> websi
websites <> web 
websterite <> vebst
websters <> sözlü
webwork <> WebWo
webworks <> WebWo
weck <> Weck
wed <> Çarşa
wed <> adama
wed <> bağla
wed <> başgö
wed <> evlen
wedded <> adamı
wedded <> vakfe
wedding <> düğün
wedding <> nikâh
weddings <> düğün
wedel <> yelpa
wedge <> çivi
wedge <> golf
wedge <> kama
wedge <> sıkış
wedge <> tıkma
wedge <> takoz
wedged <> kamal
wedges <> takoz
wedgie <> Wedgi
wedlock <> ayak
wedlock <> evlil
wedlock <> nikâh
wednesday <> Çarşa
wee <> çiş
wee <> çiş 
wee <> mini
wee <> minic
wee <> minna
wee <> ufacı
weed <> başın
weed <> cılız
weed <> esrar
weed <> ot
weed <> otlar
weed <> puro
weed <> tütün
weed <> yaban
weeder <> ot
weeder <> ot 
weeder <> yaban
weeds <> matem
weedy <> çelim
weedy <> çiroz
weedy <> ıskar
weedy <> işe 
weedy <> otlar
weedy <> sıska
weedy <> yaban
week <> hafta
weekday <> çalış
weekday <> hafta
weekday <> iş
weekday <> iş 
weekdays <> hafta
weekend <> hafta
weekenders <> hafta
weekends <> hafta
weekes <> Weeke
weeklong <> hafta
weekly <> hafta
weekly <> her 
weeknights <> hafta
weeks <> hafta
weel <> güle
weems <> Weems
ween <> Ween
weenie <> minic
weenier <> Minic
weenies <> ufakl
weeny <> mini
weeny <> minic
weeny <> minna
weeny <> ufacı
weep <> özsu
weep <> ağlam
weep <> akıtm
weep <> damla
weep <> gözya
weep <> iltih
weep <> sızma
weeper <> ağıt
weeper <> ağlay
weeper <> başlı
weeper <> gözü
weeper <> mezar
weepers <> şapka
weepers <> posbı
weepers <> uzun
weepies <> Weepi
weeping <> ağlam
weeping <> ağlay
weeping <> akıta
weeping <> dökül
weeping <> gözü
weeping <> iltih
weeps <> ağlam
weepy <> ağlam
weepy <> ağlay
weepy <> acıkl
weepy <> içli
weevil <> buğda
weevil <> pamuk
weevils <> KURTL
weft <> argaç
weft <> atkı
wefts <> atkı
weigh <> ölçüp
weigh <> önemi
weigh <> basma
weigh <> bastı
weigh <> düşün
weigh <> gelme
weigh <> sıkış
weigh <> tartm
weigh <> yük 
weighbridge <> baskü
weighbridge <> kanta
weighbridges <> tartı
weighed <> tartı
weigher <> kanta
weigher <> tartı
weighers <> tartı
weighing <> tartı
weighing <> tartm
weighings <> hesap
weighs <> ağırl
weight <> önem
weight <> ağırl
weight <> etki
weight <> gülle
weight <> grama
weight <> itiba
weight <> sıkın
weight <> sikle
weight <> tartı
weight <> tartm
weight <> yük
weight <> yükle
weighted <> ağırl
weightiest <> fazla
weightily <> ağırl
weightiness <> öneml
weightiness <> ağırl
weightiness <> etkil
weightinesses <> ağırl
weighting <> ağırl
weightings <> ağırl
weightless <> ağırl
weightlessness <> ağırl
weightlifter <> halte
weightlifters <> halte
weightlifting <> halte
weights <> ağırl
weighty <> öneml
weighty <> ağır
weighty <> endiş
weighty <> hatır
weighty <> nüfuz
weighty <> okkal
weighty <> sıkın
weimaraner <> Weima
weir <> bent
weir <> set
weird <> acayi
weird <> anlaş
weird <> esrar
weird <> kader
weird <> tuhaf
weirder <> Weird
weirdest <> tuhaf
weirdo <> acayi
weirdo <> garip
weirdo <> tuhaf
weirs <> savak
weise <> Weise
welch <> ödeme
welch <> şartl
welch <> bahis
welch <> sözün
welcome <> hoş 
welcome <> hoşge
welcome <> karşı
welcome <> sıcak
welcomed <> memnu
welcomes <> ağırl
welcoming <> konuk
weld <> birle
weld <> kayna
weld <> leğim
weldability <> kayna
weldable <> kayna
welded <> kayna
welder <> kayna
welders <> kayna
welding <> kayna
weldings <> gazal
weldless <> Kayna
weldment <> Kayna
weldments <> Kayna
welds <> kayna
wele <> Wele
welfare <> mutlu
welfare <> refah
welfare <> sağlı
welfare <> sosya
welfare <> yardı
welfarism <> refah
welkin <> gök 
welkin <> gökyü
welkin <> sema
well <> çeşme
well <> çok
well <> öyley
well <> şey
well <> adama
well <> asans
well <> bagaj
well <> dikka
well <> epey
well <> fışkı
well <> güzel
well <> hoş
well <> iyi
well <> iyi 
well <> iyice
well <> kayna
well <> kolay
well <> kuyu
well <> merdi
well <> olduk
well <> peki
well <> petro
well <> sağlı
well <> sahan
well <> sonda
well <> tamam
well <> uygun
well <> ya
well <> yerin
wellbeing <> refah
wellborn <> Wellb
welled <> doldu
weller <> Welle
wellesley <> Welle
wellhead <> köken
wellhead <> kayna
wellhole <> kuyu
welling <> Welli
wellings <> Welli
wellingtonia <> Kalif
wellingtons <> çizme
wellingtons <> lasti
wellknown <> Meşhu
wells <> kuyu
wellspring <> köken
wellspring <> kayna
wellspring <> memba
welly <> Welly
wels <> Wels
welsh <> ödeme
welsh <> şartl
welsh <> Gal 
welsh <> Galle
welsh <> Galli
welsh <> bahis
welsh <> sözün
welt <> şerit
welt <> bant
welt <> kırba
welt <> kamçı
welt <> sert
weltanschauung <> Welta
welter <> bulaş
welter <> gürül
welter <> içind
welter <> karış
welter <> karga
welter <> patır
welter <> yüzük
welter <> yüzüs
welter <> yuvar
welterweight <> ağır
welterweight <> ek 
welterweight <> valte
welts <> izler
wem <> Wem
wen <> büyük
wen <> metro
wen <> ur
wen <> yağ
wen <> yağ 
wench <> fahiş
wench <> haspa
wench <> kız
wench <> zampa
wendigo <> Wendi
went <> gitti
wentest <> girip
wept <> ağlad
were <> edild
werewolf <> kurt
werewolves <> kurta
werke <> Werke
werkes <> Werke
wernicke <> Werni
werwolf <> kurt
wesh <> Wesh
west <> Batı
west <> batı
west <> batıd
west <> batıs
west <> batıy
westbound <> batıy
wester <> batıy
westerly <> batıd
westerly <> batıy
western <> Batı
western <> batı
western <> batıl
western <> batıy
western <> kovbo
westerner <> Batı
westerner <> batıl
westerners <> Batıl
westernisation <> Batıl
westernise <> batıl
westernised <> batıl
westernism <> Batıc
westernization <> Batıl
westernize <> batıl
westernized <> batıl
westernizing <> batıl
westernmost <> en 
westerns <> weste
westlin <> Westl
wests <> Yeleğ
westward <> batıy
westwards <> batıy
westy <> Westy
wet <> ıslak
wet <> ıslat
wet <> hatal
wet <> içki
wet <> içkil
wet <> içkin
wet <> istek
wet <> marta
wet <> nemli
wet <> rutub
wet <> sulu
wet <> yağış
wet <> yağmu
wet <> yaş
weta <> WETA
wetback <> kaçak
wether <> hava
wether <> haval
wether <> iğdiş
wether <> kısır
wether <> kurut
wether <> rengi
wetland <> sulak
wetlands <> sulak
wetness <> ıslak
wetness <> nem
wetness <> rutub
wets <> ıslat
wettability <> ıslan
wettable <> Islan
wetted <> ıslak
wetter <> yağış
wetting <> ıslat
wey <> kuru
whack <> darbe
whack <> denem
whack <> pay
whack <> sert
whack <> vurma
whack <> vuruş
whacked <> bitki
whacked <> canı
whacked <> turşu
whacked <> yorgu
whacker <> kocam
whacker <> kosko
whacker <> kuyru
whacking <> dayak
whacking <> kötek
whacking <> kocam
whacking <> kosko
whacking <> kuyru
whacking <> muazz
whacky <> güven
whacky <> kaçık
whacky <> saçma
whale <> balin
whale <> dövme
whale <> patak
whale <> sert
whaleback <> Balın
whalebone <> balin
whaleman <> balin
whaler <> balin
whalers <> balin
whales <> balin
whaling <> balin
whaling <> dayak
whaling <> kötek
whaling <> kocam
whaling <> kosko
whaling <> sopa
whammy <> darbe
whammy <> kem 
whammy <> nazar
whang <> şak
whang <> şak 
whang <> şakla
whang <> şapla
whang <> güm
whare <> Whare
wharf <> iskel
wharf <> rıhtı
wharfage <> iskel
wharfage <> rıhtı
wharfinger <> iskel
wharfs <> rıhtı
wharves <> rıhtı
what <> hangi
what <> nasıl
what <> ne
what <> neler
what <> neyi
whatever <> hangi
whatever <> her 
whatever <> herha
whatever <> hiç
whatever <> ne
whatnot <> belir
whatnot <> biblo
whatnot <> etaje
whatsername <> Whats
whatsoever <> hangi
whatsoever <> her 
whatsoever <> herha
whatsoever <> hiç
whatsoever <> ne
wheal <> çizgi
wheal <> iz
wheal <> kırba
wheal <> kenar
wheal <> perva
wheals <> kabar
wheat <> buğda
wheatear <> kuyru
wheaten <> buğda
wheatfield <> Wheat
wheatgrass <> ayrığ
wheats <> buğda
wheedle <> dil 
wheedle <> ikna
wheedle <> kandı
wheedle <> tatlı
wheedle <> yalta
wheedling <> pohpo
wheedling <> yalta
wheel <> çark
wheel <> araba
wheel <> bisik
wheel <> döndü
wheel <> dönme
wheel <> dümen
wheel <> dişli
wheel <> direk
wheel <> el 
wheel <> işken
wheel <> lasti
wheel <> pedal
wheel <> teker
wheel <> yuvar
wheelbarrow <> el
wheelbarrow <> el 
wheelbarrows <> el
wheelbase <> dingi
wheelbase <> teker
wheelbases <> dingi
wheelchair <> teker
wheelchairs <> teker
wheeled <> teker
wheeler <> koşum
wheeler <> teker
wheelers <> teker
wheelies <> Wheel
wheelman <> bisik
wheels <> teker
wheelsman <> bisik
wheelwright <> teker
wheeze <> şaka
wheeze <> bayat
wheeze <> hışıl
wheeze <> hırıl
wheeze <> oyun
wheeze <> parla
wheezes <> hışıl
wheezing <> hırıl
wheezy <> cızır
wheezy <> hırıl
whelk <> deniz
whelk <> kabar
whelk <> sivil
whelm <> bastı
whelm <> boğma
whelm <> bunal
whelm <> yenme
whelp <> delik
whelp <> enik
whelp <> enikl
whelp <> genç
whelp <> köpek
whelp <> saygı
whelp <> yavru
when <> -dığı
when <> gerek
when <> iken
when <> ne 
when <> vakit
when <> zaman
whence <> -dan
whence <> -den
whence <> bu 
whence <> neden
whence <> nered
whence <> nerel
whencesoever <> Nered
whenever <> -dığı
whenever <> -diği
whenever <> -ince
whenever <> bir 
whenever <> her
whenever <> her 
whensoever <> -dığı
whensoever <> -diği
whensoever <> -ince
where <> -dığı
where <> -diği
where <> nere
where <> nered
where <> nerey
where <> yer
whereabouts <> -dığı
whereabouts <> nerel
whereabouts <> semt
whereabouts <> yer
whereas <> halbu
whereas <> madem
whereas <> oysa
whereat <> bunun
whereat <> dolay
whereat <> neye
whereby <> madem
whereby <> vasıt
wherefore <> -den
wherefore <> amaç
wherefore <> ne 
wherefore <> neden
wherefore <> niçin
wherefrom <> neden
wherefrom <> nered
wherein <> hangi
wherein <> ne 
wherein <> neyin
whereof <> ki
whereof <> ki 
whereon <> üstün
wheres <> nered
wheresoever <> her 
wheresoever <> nered
whereto <> neye
whereupon <> bunda
whereupon <> bunun
whereupon <> ondan
wherever <> her
wherever <> her 
wherever <> nered
wherewith <> -dığı
wherewith <> nasıl
wherewith <> ne 
wherewithal <> araç
wherewithal <> gerek
wherewithal <> para
wherry <> küçük
wherry <> kayık
wherry <> tek 
whet <> açmak
whet <> apera
whet <> bilem
whet <> bilen
whet <> biley
whet <> iştah
whet <> sivri
whet <> tahri
whet <> uyand
whether <> eğer
whether <> olup
whetstone <> özend
whetstone <> bileğ
whetstone <> tahri
whetstones <> bileğ
whew <> öf
whew <> üf
whew <> of
whew <> vay
whew <> vay 
whey <> kesil
wheyfaced <> rengi
wheyfaced <> soluk
which <> hangi
which <> ki
whichever <> hangi
whichever <> herha
whiff <> üflem
whiff <> esint
whiff <> ima
whiff <> kötü
whiff <> koku
whiff <> nefes
whiffle <> üflem
whiffle <> ıslık
whiffle <> esmek
whig <> Ameri
whig <> liber
whigs <> Whigs
while <> -irke
while <> halbu
while <> iken
while <> karşı
while <> olduğ
while <> oysa
while <> rağme
while <> süre
while <> sıras
while <> vakit
while <> zaman
whilst <> -dığı
whilst <> -iken
whilst <> -irke
whilst <> oysa
whilst <> rağme
whilst <> süres
whilst <> sıras
whilst <> zaman
whim <> bocur
whim <> geçic
whim <> heves
whim <> kapri
whim <> merak
whimper <> ağlam
whimper <> inlem
whimper <> mızır
whimper <> sızla
whimpering <> sızla
whimpers <> inlem
whims <> kapri
whimsey <> acayi
whimsey <> geçic
whimsey <> heves
whimsey <> kapri
whimsey <> maymu
whimsical <> acayi
whimsical <> garip
whimsical <> kapri
whimsical <> maymu
whimsical <> tuhaf
whimsicality <> acayi
whimsicality <> garip
whimsicality <> mizah
whimsicality <> saçma
whimsicalness <> acayi
whimsicalness <> garip
whimsicalness <> mizah
whimsicalness <> saçma
whimsy <> acayi
whimsy <> geçic
whimsy <> heves
whimsy <> kapri
whimsy <> maymu
whin <> katır
whin <> yol
whin <> yol 
whine <> halin
whine <> mızır
whine <> mızmı
whine <> sızla
whined <> sızla
whines <> sızla
whining <> şikây
whining <> mızır
whining <> mızmı
whining <> sızla
whinny <> kişne
whinnying <> kişne
whip <> çırpı
whip <> çırpm
whip <> çalma
whip <> çevir
whip <> aşırm
whip <> av 
whip <> bastı
whip <> döndü
whip <> dövme
whip <> dalga
whip <> dolam
whip <> fırla
whip <> kırba
whip <> kafas
whip <> kamçı
whip <> kapma
whip <> kitap
whip <> makar
whip <> olta
whip <> parti
whip <> teyel
whip <> yenme
whip <> zorla
whipcord <> fitil
whipcord <> sırım
whiplash <> kırba
whiplash <> kamçı
whiplash <> omurg
whipped <> çırpı
whipper <> kırba
whipper <> kamçı
whippersnapper <> küçük
whippersnapper <> kendi
whippersnapper <> zıpır
whippet <> küçük
whippet <> tazı
whipping <> bastı
whipping <> dayak
whipping <> ipe 
whipping <> kırba
whipping <> kamçı
whippings <> kirba
whippletree <> araba
whippy <> kamçı
whips <> kamçı
whipsaw <> hızar
whipsaw <> karşı
whipsaw <> keres
whir <> kanat
whir <> pırla
whir <> pırpı
whirl <> acele
whirl <> baş 
whirl <> döndü
whirl <> dönme
whirl <> dolam
whirl <> fıldı
whirl <> fırıl
whirl <> karış
whirl <> karma
whirl <> koşuş
whirl <> sarma
whirl <> telaş
whirligig <> dönme
whirligig <> dever
whirligig <> fırıl
whirligig <> geçme
whirligig <> topaç
whirlpool <> anafo
whirlpool <> girda
whirlpools <> jakuz
whirls <> Fırtı
whirlwind <> çabuk
whirlwind <> hızlı
whirlwind <> hortu
whirlwind <> kasır
whirlybird <> helik
whirr <> kanat
whirr <> pırpı
whirring <> pırpı
whirry <> Whirr
whishes <> diler
whisk <> çırpm
whisk <> çalı
whisk <> çekme
whisk <> fırça
whisk <> fırla
whisk <> hızlı
whisk <> hızla
whisk <> kaçır
whisk <> kuyru
whisk <> süpür
whisk <> saçak
whisk <> siler
whisk <> silip
whisk <> silme
whisk <> sinek
whisk <> yumur
whisker <> bıyık
whisker <> favor
whisker <> sakal
whiskered <> bıyık
whiskered <> favor
whiskers <> bıyık
whiskers <> favor
whiskers <> sakal
whiskey <> viski
whiskeys <> viski
whiskies <> viski
whisking <> çırpm
whisky <> viski
whisper <> dedik
whisper <> fısıl
whisper <> hışır
whisper <> ima
whisper <> kulağ
whisper <> söyle
whispered <> fısıl
whisperer <> dedik
whisperer <> fısıl
whisperers <> Whisp
whispering <> akust
whispering <> fısıl
whisperings <> fısıl
whispers <> fısıl
whist <> pışt
whist <> sus
whist <> vist
whistle <> ötmek
whistle <> ıslık
whistle <> boğaz
whistle <> düdük
whistle <> rüzgâ
whistle <> uğuld
whistle <> vınla
whistleblowing <> uçurm
whistled <> ıslık
whistles <> ıslık
whistlestop <> küçük
whistlestop <> seçim
whistlestop <> treni
whistling <> ıslık
whistling <> uğuld
whistling <> vınla
whit <> katiy
whit <> zerre
white <> ak
white <> beyaz
white <> masum
white <> solgu
white <> temiz
white <> terbi
white <> zarar
whitebeard <> Beyaz
whiteboard <> beyaz
whiteboards <> yazı
whiteboys <> White
whitecap <> beyaz
whitecap <> köpük
whitecap <> kızıl
whitecaps <> White
whited <> White
whiteface <> White
whitefish <> beyaz
whitefly <> beyaz
whitehead <> White
whitelist <> beyaz
whitelists <> beyaz
whiten <> açmak
whiten <> ağarm
whiten <> ağart
whiten <> aklam
whiten <> bembe
whiten <> beyaz
whiten <> solma
whitened <> beyaz
whitener <> beyaz
whiteners <> beyaz
whiteness <> aklık
whiteness <> beyaz
whitening <> ağart
whitening <> beyaz
whitens <> beyaz
whiteout <> White
whiter <> beyaz
whites <> beyaz
whiteside <> White
whitesides <> White
whitesmith <> kalay
whitesmith <> tenek
whitespace <> boşlu
whitetail <> White
whitethorn <> akdik
whitethorn <> alıç
whitewash <> örtba
whitewash <> aklam
whitewash <> badan
whitewash <> beyaz
whitewash <> krem
whitewash <> kusur
whitewash <> namus
whitewash <> sayı
whitewash <> temiz
whitewashed <> beyaz
whitewasher <> badan
whitewashing <> badan
whitey <> ırkçı
whitey <> beyaz
whither <> ki 
whither <> nerey
whither <> neye
whithersoever <> herha
whiting <> İspan
whiting <> merla
whiting <> mezgi
whiting <> tebeş
whitish <> akçıl
whitish <> beyaz
whitlow <> dolam
whitson <> Whits
whittle <> bıçak
whittle <> yontm
whiz <> erbap
whiz <> harik
whiz <> pırpı
whiz <> usta
whiz <> vınla
whiz <> vızıl
whizz <> erbap
whizz <> harik
whizz <> pırpı
whizz <> usta
whizz <> vınla
whizz <> vızıl
whizzing <> pırpı
who <> ki 
who <> kim
who <> kime
who <> kimi
whoa <> çüş
whoa <> dur
whodunit <> polis
whodunnit <> polis
whoever <> her
whoever <> her 
whoever <> kim 
whole <> öz
whole <> bütün
whole <> sağlı
whole <> sağla
whole <> tüm
whole <> tam
whole <> topla
whole <> toplu
whole <> yaras
wholefoods <> Az 
wholegrain <> kepek
wholeheartedly <> bütün
wholemeal <> kepek
wholeness <> bütün
wholeness <> sağla
wholeness <> tamlı
wholesale <> büyük
wholesale <> geniş
wholesale <> topta
wholesaler <> topta
wholesalers <> topta
wholesales <> topta
wholesaling <> topta
wholesome <> sağlı
wholesome <> yarar
wholesomeness <> sağlı
wholewheat <> kepek
wholly <> büsbü
wholly <> bütün
wholly <> hep
wholly <> tümde
wholly <> tamam
whom <> ki 
whom <> kime
whom <> kimi
whomever <> kişiy
whomping <> Şamar
whomsoever <> kime
whoop <> çığlı
whoop <> bağır
whoop <> boğma
whoop <> haykı
whoopee <> şamat
whoopee <> alem
whoopee <> yaşa
whooper <> Ötücü
whoopie <> Whoop
whooping <> boğma
whoops <> hop
whoops <> hoppa
whoops <> ops
whoosh <> vınla
whoosh <> vızıl
whooshes <> vızıl
whop <> dövme
whop <> dayak
whop <> patak
whop <> yenme
whopper <> kocam
whopper <> kosko
whopper <> kuyru
whopping <> çok
whopping <> çok 
whopping <> kocam
whopping <> kosko
whopping <> kuyru
whopping <> okkal
whopping <> olduk
whore <> fahiş
whore <> fuhuş
whore <> orosp
whoredom <> orosp
whorehouse <> genel
whorehouses <> kerha
whores <> fahiş
whorl <> halka
whorl <> helez
whorl <> parma
whorls <> tur
whortleberry <> çayüz
whortleberry <> Ameri
whose <> ki 
whose <> kimin
whoso <> Kim
whosoever <> her 
whosoever <> kim
whosoever <> kim 
whot <> Honeh
why <> neden
why <> niçin
why <> niye
why <> sebep
whydah <> Whyda
whys <> Whys
wich <> hangi
wich <> ki
wick <> fitil
wicked <> aşağı
wicked <> ahlak
wicked <> fena
wicked <> günah
wicked <> hınzı
wicked <> hain
wicked <> harik
wicked <> kötü
wicked <> kötüc
wicked <> muzip
wicked <> yaram
wickedest <> günah
wickedly <> kötül
wickedness <> günah
wickedness <> kötül
wicken <> WICKE
wicker <> hasır
wicker <> sepet
wickerwork <> hasır
wickerwork <> sepet
wicket <> gişe
wicket <> küçük
wicket <> krike
wicket <> yarım
wickets <> Bahçe
wicking <> esnek
wickiup <> Wicki
wicks <> fitil
wicky <> Wicky
widder <> Widde
wide <> adama
wide <> alabi
wide <> ardın
wide <> büyük
wide <> bol
wide <> engin
wide <> enli
wide <> ferah
wide <> geniş
wide <> iyice
wide <> kapsa
wide <> tamam
wide <> yaygı
wideband <> Geniş
widely <> adama
widely <> enli
widely <> geniş
widely <> iyice
widen <> bolla
widen <> geniş
widened <> geniş
widener <> Widen
wideness <> bollu
wideness <> geniş
widening <> geniş
widens <> geniş
wider <> daha
widescreen <> geniş
widespread <> alabi
widespread <> genel
widespread <> yaygı
widest <> geniş
widgeon <> yaban
widgets <> widge
widow <> dul
widow <> dul 
widowed <> ıssız
widowed <> dul
widowed <> tenha
widower <> dul
widower <> dul 
widowhood <> dullu
widows <> dul
width <> en
width <> geniş
widths <> geniş
wiel <> Wiel
wield <> kulla
wiener <> sosis
wienie <> sosis
wiers <> Wiers
wife <> eş
wife <> hanım
wife <> karı
wife <> zevce
wifey <> hatun
wifie <> hanım
wifie <> hatun
wig <> peruk
wig <> takma
wigging <> azarl
wigging <> payla
wiggle <> kıpır
wiggle <> kıvrı
wiggle <> oynat
wiggle <> rahat
wiggles <> Wiggl
wiggling <> kıpır
wiggy <> Wiggy
wight <> insan
wight <> kişi
wight <> kimse
wighted <> Tartı
wigs <> peruk
wigwag <> hafif
wigwam <> kızıl
wild <> çılgı
wild <> ıssız
wild <> azgın
wild <> başıb
wild <> barba
wild <> dağın
wild <> deliş
wild <> fırtı
wild <> hovar
wild <> kızgı
wild <> müthi
wild <> rasge
wild <> serke
wild <> sinir
wild <> tenha
wild <> vahşi
wild <> yaban
wildcard <> joker
wildcards <> joker
wildcat <> hırçı
wildcat <> huysu
wildcat <> resmi
wildcat <> riskl
wildcat <> rizik
wildcat <> tehli
wildcat <> vaşak
wildcat <> verim
wildcat <> yaban
wildcat <> yasal
wildcats <> Wildc
wildcatting <> verim
wildcatting <> yasad
wilder <> Wilde
wilderness <> çöl
wilderness <> bakım
wilderness <> el 
wilderness <> kır
wilderness <> kalab
wilderness <> sahra
wilderness <> yığın
wilders <> Wilde
wildest <> vahşi
wildfire <> söndü
wildfires <> orman
wildflowers <> kır 
wildfowl <> av
wildfowl <> av 
wilding <> yaban
wildlands <> Wildl
wildlife <> vahşi
wildlife <> yaban
wildly <> çılgı
wildness <> çılgı
wildness <> delil
wildness <> vahşi
wilds <> ıssız
wilds <> tenha
wilds <> vahşi
wildwood <> Wildw
wile <> üçkâğ
wile <> ayart
wile <> başta
wile <> cezbe
wile <> dolap
wile <> hile
wiles <> Wiles
wilful <> bildi
wilful <> inatç
wilful <> kasıt
wilful <> kasti
wilful <> söz 
wilful <> taamm
wilfully <> kasıt
wilfully <> kaste
wilfully <> mahsu
wilfully <> taamm
wilfulness <> inatç
wilfulness <> kasıt
wilga <> Wilga
wili <> Gidiy
wiliness <> üçkâğ
wiliness <> şeyta
wiliness <> hinli
wiliness <> kurna
wilk <> Wilk
wilks <> Wilks
will <> amaç
will <> amaçl
will <> arzu
will <> arzul
will <> azim
will <> azmet
will <> buyur
will <> dilek
will <> dilem
will <> emret
will <> irade
will <> istek
will <> istem
will <> niyet
will <> olaca
will <> vasiy
willed <> irade
willer <> Wille
willers <> Wille
willet <> Wille
willeth <> dilem
willey <> Wille
willful <> bildi
willful <> inatç
willful <> kasıt
willful <> kasti
willful <> söz 
willful <> taamm
willfully <> kasıt
willfully <> kaste
willfully <> mahsu
willfully <> taamm
willfulness <> inatç
willfulness <> kasıt
willies <> bıkkı
willies <> sıkın
willies <> sinir
willing <> canda
willing <> gönül
willing <> hazır
willing <> istek
willing <> razı
willinger <> Willi
willingly <> can 
willingly <> içind
willingly <> istey
willingly <> kendi
willingly <> seve
willingness <> gönül
willingness <> içind
willingness <> istek
willingness <> istey
willow <> halla
willow <> krike
willow <> söğüt
willows <> söğüt
willowy <> dal 
willowy <> eğili
willowy <> narin
willowy <> söğüt
willpower <> irade
wills <> diler
willynilly <> ister
willynilly <> istes
wilt <> -ecek
wilt <> cesar
wilt <> güçte
wilt <> solgu
wilt <> solma
wilted <> solgu
wilting <> solma
wily <> şeyta
wily <> cin 
wily <> kurna
wimp <> pısır
wimple <> atkı
wimple <> rahib
win <> başar
win <> dostl
win <> elde
win <> ele 
win <> galib
win <> galip
win <> ikna
win <> kazan
win <> ulaşm
win <> zafer
wince <> çekin
wince <> ürkme
winced <> irkil
winch <> bocur
winch <> vinç
winch <> vinçl
winched <> vinç
winches <> vinçl
winching <> Vinç
wind <> çevir
wind <> üflem
wind <> açmak
wind <> bükül
wind <> boş 
wind <> döndü
wind <> dönem
wind <> dolam
wind <> dolan
wind <> esint
wind <> hava
wind <> kıvır
wind <> kıvrı
wind <> kokla
wind <> koku
wind <> kokus
wind <> kurma
wind <> nefes
wind <> osuru
wind <> rüzgâ
wind <> rüzga
wind <> saçma
wind <> sarıl
wind <> sarma
wind <> soluk
wind <> yel
windbag <> çalçe
windbag <> çenes
windbag <> dilli
windbag <> farfa
windbag <> gevez
windblown <> kâkul
windblown <> rüzgâ
windbreak <> rüzgâ
windbreaker <> rüzga
windbreakers <> anora
windbreaks <> rüzga
windcheater <> anora
windcheater <> parka
windcheaters <> rüzga
windchill <> Hisse
windchime <> Windc
winded <> soluğ
winded <> soluk
winder <> çıkrı
winder <> döner
winder <> kurgu
winder <> saat
winder <> sarıc
winder <> sarıl
winders <> sarım
windfall <> bekle
windfall <> düşeş
windfall <> rüzgâ
windfall <> tâlih
windflower <> anemo
windflower <> dağ 
windier <> rüzga
windiest <> rüzga
windiness <> çenes
windiness <> gevez
windiness <> rüzgâ
winding <> bobin
winding <> döndü
winding <> dönem
winding <> döner
winding <> dönme
winding <> dolaş
winding <> dolam
winding <> helez
winding <> kavis
winding <> sarma
winding <> yılan
windings <> sargı
windjammer <> çenes
windjammer <> gevez
windjammer <> yelke
windlass <> çıkrı
windlass <> ırgat
windlass <> bocur
windlass <> vinç
windlasses <> ırgat
windle <> Windl
windless <> durgu
windless <> rüzgâ
windlestrae <> Windl
windmill <> fırıl
windmill <> rüzgâ
windmill <> yelde
windmilling <> duran
windmills <> yel
window <> cam
window <> camek
window <> pence
window <> radar
window <> vitri
windowed <> pence
windowing <> pence
windowless <> Pence
windowpane <> pence
windowpanes <> camla
windowsill <> pence
windowsills <> deniz
windpipe <> nefes
windpipe <> soluk
windrose <> Windr
windrow <> aktar
windrows <> Rüzga
winds <> rüzga
windscreen <> ön 
windscreen <> araba
windscreens <> ön 
windshield <> ön
windshield <> ön 
windshield <> araba
windsock <> rüzgâ
windspeed <> Rüzga
windstorm <> fırtı
windsurfer <> rüzga
windsurfers <> winds
windsurfing <> rüzgâ
windswept <> darma
windswept <> rüzgâ
windtight <> Rüzga
windward <> rüzgâ
windy <> boş
windy <> boş 
windy <> endiş
windy <> gaz 
windy <> korkm
windy <> lafı
windy <> rüzgâ
wine <> şarap
wine <> ağırl
winebibber <> şarap
winebibber <> bekri
wineglass <> şarap
winemakers <> şarap
winemaking <> şarap
wineries <> şarap
winery <> şarap
wines <> şarap
wineskin <> şarap
winetaster <> şarap
wing <> çamur
wing <> burun
wing <> ek 
wing <> hızla
wing <> hava
wing <> kanad
wing <> kanat
wing <> kol
wing <> kolun
wing <> sıvış
wing <> uçara
wing <> uçma
wing <> uçmak
wing <> uçuşa
wingback <> Ön
wingbeat <> kanat
wingding <> çılgı
wingding <> heyhe
wingdings <> Wingd
winge <> Winge
winged <> etkil
winged <> hızlı
winged <> kanat
winger <> kanat
wingers <> kanat
winging <> uçuyo
wingless <> kanat
winglets <> wingl
wingnut <> Wingn
wingover <> kanat
wings <> kanat
wings <> kulis
wings <> pilot
wingspan <> kanat
wingspread <> kanat
wingtip <> kanat
wingtips <> kanat
winier <> şarab
winish <> Winis
wink <> an
wink <> göz 
wink <> gözet
wink <> kırpm
wink <> pırıl
wink <> titre
wink <> yanıp
winked <> göz
winker <> flaşö
winker <> göz 
winker <> işare
winkers <> at
winkers <> at 
winkers <> dörtl
winkers <> flaşö
winkers <> göz 
winkey <> Winke
winking <> göz
winking <> göz 
winking <> kırpm
winkle <> deniz
winkle <> salya
winks <> göz
winnable <> kazan
winner <> büyük
winner <> birin
winner <> galip
winner <> kazan
winners <> Kazan
winning <> birin
winning <> dostç
winning <> galib
winning <> hoş
winning <> kazan
winning <> sevim
winnings <> kazan
winnock <> Winno
winnow <> ayıkl
winnow <> ayırm
winnow <> harma
winnow <> rüzgâ
winnow <> yaba
winnow <> yabal
wino <> ayyaş
wino <> içkic
winrow <> Winro
wins <> kazan
winsome <> çekic
winsome <> şirin
winsome <> güzel
winsome <> hoş
winsome <> sevim
winter <> kışı
winter <> kış
winter <> kışlı
winter <> kışla
winter <> yaş
winterbourne <> Winte
wintered <> kışı
winterer <> Winte
wintergreen <> pirol
wintering <> kışla
winterised <> kışlı
winterization <> vinte
winterize <> kışa
winterizing <> Vinte
winters <> kışla
wintertide <> kış 
wintertime <> kış
wintery <> kışlı
wintriness <> buz 
wintriness <> soğuk
wintry <> buz
wintry <> buz 
wintry <> kış 
wintry <> soğuk
winy <> şarap
winy <> sarho
winze <> Başyu
wipe <> alay
wipe <> dalga
wipe <> kafa
wipe <> kurul
wipe <> silme
wipe <> temiz
wipe <> tokat
wipe <> vuruş
wiped <> sildi
wipeout <> Wipeo
wiper <> dalga
wiper <> dirse
wiper <> kafa
wiper <> kazım
wiper <> konta
wiper <> silec
wiper <> silic
wiper <> sille
wiper <> temiz
wiper <> tokat
wipers <> silec
wipes <> mendi
wiping <> silme
wire <> elekt
wire <> idare
wire <> kablo
wire <> kapan
wire <> kiriş
wire <> kontr
wire <> kukla
wire <> nüfuz
wire <> tel
wire <> tel 
wire <> telde
wire <> telgr
wire <> telle
wire <> tuzak
wired <> telli
wiredraw <> hadde
wiredraw <> kılı
wiredraw <> uzatm
wiredrawn <> kılı
wiredrawn <> lafı
wirehaired <> dik 
wirehaired <> fırça
wireless <> kablo
wireless <> radyo
wireless <> telsi
wirelessly <> kablo
wireman <> kablo
wireman <> telef
wireman <> telsi
wirepulling <> ipler
wirepulling <> perde
wires <> telle
wiretap <> dinle
wiretapping <> telek
wiretaps <> telef
wirewalker <> ip 
wireway <> kablo
wireworm <> kökku
wiriness <> dayan
wiriness <> sertl
wiring <> elekt
wiring <> kablo
wiry <> dayan
wiry <> fırça
wiry <> metal
wiry <> sırım
wiry <> tel
wiry <> tel 
wiry <> titre
wisdom <> akıl
wisdom <> akıll
wisdom <> bilge
wisdom <> hikme
wisdom <> ilim
wisdom <> irfan
wisdoms <> Hikme
wise <> şekil
wise <> akıll
wise <> alim
wise <> anlay
wise <> becer
wise <> bilge
wise <> bilgi
wise <> deney
wise <> haber
wise <> küsta
wise <> ukalâ
wise <> usta
wise <> usul
wise <> yönte
wise <> yol
wiseacre <> çokbi
wiseacre <> bilmi
wiseacre <> ukâla
wisecrack <> şaka
wisecrack <> espri
wisecracker <> şakac
wisecracker <> espri
wisecracking <> nükte
wiseguy <> Wiseg
wiseguys <> Wiseg
wisely <> akıll
wisely <> bilge
wisely <> her 
wiseman <> bilge
wisemen <> Bilge
wisent <> Wisen
wiser <> bilge
wises <> fakih
wisest <> bilge
wish <> arzu
wish <> dilek
wish <> dilem
wish <> istek
wish <> istem
wish <> umut
wishbone <> lades
wishbone <> süspa
wishbones <> lades
wished <> diled
wisher <> sempa
wishers <> sempa
wishes <> dilek
wishful <> arzul
wishful <> hasre
wishful <> istek
wishing <> istem
wishing <> istey
wishlists <> dilek
wishy <> yavan
wisp <> küçük
wisp <> tutam
wisp <> ufacı
wisps <> demet
wispy <> bir 
wispy <> incec
wispy <> ufacı
wissing <> Wissi
wistful <> özlem
wistful <> arzul
wistful <> düşün
wistful <> dalgı
wistful <> hasre
wistful <> istek
wistfully <> özlem
wit <> öğren
wit <> akıl
wit <> bilme
wit <> ince
wit <> nükte
wit <> yâni
wit <> zekâ
wit <> zeki
witch <> afsun
witch <> büyü
witch <> büyüc
witch <> büyül
witch <> cadı
witch <> sihir
witchcraft <> büyü
witchcraft <> büyüc
witchcraft <> sihir
witched <> Witch
witchery <> çekic
witchery <> büyü
witchery <> büyüc
witchery <> cazib
witchery <> sihir
witches <> cadıl
witching <> çekic
witching <> büyü
witching <> büyül
witchingly <> büyül
witchy <> Witch
wite <> Wite
with <> -li
with <> berab
with <> birli
with <> ile
withal <> üstel
withal <> ayrıc
withal <> bunun
withal <> da
withal <> de
withal <> ile
withdraw <> çekil
withdraw <> çekin
withdraw <> çekme
withdraw <> almak
withdraw <> ayrıl
withdraw <> geri
withdraw <> para
withdrawable <> çekme
withdrawal <> çıkma
withdrawal <> çekil
withdrawal <> çekme
withdrawal <> bırak
withdrawal <> geri
withdrawal <> geril
withdrawal <> iptal
withdrawal <> para
withdrawal <> tedav
withdrawal <> vazge
withdrawals <> para
withdrawing <> geri
withdrawn <> çekil
withdrawn <> çekin
withdrawn <> geri
withdrawn <> içe 
withdrawn <> içine
withdrawnness <> karde
withdraws <> geri
withdrew <> çekil
wither <> kalma
wither <> kaybo
wither <> kurut
wither <> soldu
wither <> solma
wither <> sustu
wither <> utand
wither <> yitme
withered <> bozul
withered <> kalma
withered <> pörsü
withered <> solmu
withereth <> kurum
withering <> solan
withering <> soldu
withering <> utand
witherite <> viter
withers <> atın
withheld <> tevki
withhold <> alıko
withhold <> esirg
withhold <> tutma
withhold <> verme
withholding <> stopa
withholdings <> kesin
within <> dahil
within <> iç
within <> iç 
within <> içeri
within <> için
within <> içind
within <> kapsa
within <> zarfı
withing <> dahil
withing <> iç
withing <> iç 
withing <> içeri
withing <> için
withing <> içind
withing <> kapsa
withing <> zarfı
without <> -mede
without <> -medi
without <> -meks
without <> -sız
without <> -siz
without <> dışın
without <> dışar
without <> olmad
without <> olmak
withstand <> dayan
withstand <> diren
withstand <> karşı
withstanding <> dayan
withstands <> dayan
withstood <> dayan
withy <> bodur
withy <> söğüt
witless <> akıls
witless <> düşün
witless <> kafas
witless <> saf
witness <> şahit
witness <> kabul
witness <> onayl
witness <> sahne
witness <> tanık
witnessed <> tanık
witnesses <> tanık
witnessing <> tanık
wits <> fikir
witted <> zekâl
witter <> Witte
witticism <> şaka
witticism <> espri
witticism <> nükte
wittiness <> espri
wittiness <> hazır
witting <> Witti
wittingly <> bile
wittingly <> kaste
witty <> espri
witty <> hazır
witty <> nükte
witty <> zekic
wives <> eşler
wiz <> deha
wizard <> şahan
wizard <> büyüc
wizard <> büyül
wizard <> dahi
wizard <> harik
wizard <> sihir
wizardry <> büyüc
wizardry <> becer
wizardry <> sihir
wizardry <> ustal
wizards <> sihir
wizen <> kart
wizen <> kurum
wizen <> pörsü
wizened <> kart
wizened <> kartl
wizened <> kurum
wizened <> pörsü
woad <> çivit
wobble <> bocal
wobble <> salla
wobble <> sende
wobble <> tered
wobble <> titre
wobble <> yalpa
wobbly <> salla
wobbly <> sende
wobbly <> titre
woden <> Woden
woe <> üzünt
woe <> dert
woe <> eyvah
woe <> gam
woe <> keder
woe <> vah
woe <> vah 
woebegone <> üzünt
woebegone <> dertl
woebegone <> mutsu
woeful <> üzücü
woeful <> acıkl
woeful <> acına
woeful <> dertl
woeful <> keder
woefully <> ne
wog <> ortad
wogs <> wogla
woke <> uyand
woks <> Woks
wold <> bozkı
wold <> step
wold <> yayla
wolds <> Wolds
wolf <> çapkı
wolf <> aç 
wolf <> akort
wolf <> kurt
wolf <> yalay
wolf <> zampa
wolfberry <> Wolfb
wolfer <> Wolfe
wolfhound <> kurt
wolfish <> açgöz
wolfish <> kurt
wolfish <> vahşi
wolfram <> tungs
wolfram <> volfr
wolframite <> volfr
wolfs <> kurt
wolfsbane <> Wolfs
wolfskin <> kurtd
woll <> yün
wollastonite <> volla
wolly <> Wolly
wols <> WOLS
wolverene <> gulo
wolverene <> kutup
wolverines <> porsu
wolves <> kurt
woman <> bayan
woman <> kadın
woman <> karı
womanhood <> kadın
womaniser <> çapkı
womaniser <> kadın
womaniser <> zampa
womanish <> kadın
womanising <> woman
womanize <> çapkı
womanize <> kadın
womanize <> zampa
womanizer <> çapkı
womanizer <> kadın
womanizer <> zampa
womankind <> kadın
womanlike <> kadın
womanliness <> kadın
womanly <> kadın
womans <> kadın
womb <> dölya
womb <> köken
womb <> kayna
womb <> rahim
wombat <> Womba
womble <> Wombl
wombles <> Wombl
wombs <> rahim
women <> kadın
womenfolk <> kadın
womens <> kadın
womenswear <> kadın
womenswears <> 
won <> won
wonder <> şaşıl
wonder <> şaşkı
wonder <> şaşma
wonder <> harik
wonder <> hayra
wonder <> hayre
wonder <> merak
wonder <> muciz
wondered <> merak
wonderful <> şaşıl
wonderful <> şahan
wonderful <> harik
wonderfully <> harik
wonderfulness <> harik
wondering <> şaşır
wondering <> şaşkı
wondering <> merak
wonderland <> harik
wonderlands <> harik
wonderment <> şaşkı
wonderment <> hayre
wonderment <> merak
wonderous <> Eşsiz
wonders <> harik
wonderwoman <> Wonde
wondrous <> şaşıl
wondrous <> fevka
wondrous <> harik
wondrously <> şaşıl
wondrously <> harik
wone <> Wone
wonga <> Wonga
wonky <> çürük
wonky <> bitki
wonky <> halsi
wonky <> sakat
wont <> alışk
wonted <> alışı
wonted <> herza
woo <> arama
woo <> elde
woo <> kur 
woo <> woo
wood <> ağaçl
wood <> ahşap
wood <> fıçı
wood <> keres
wood <> koru
wood <> odun
wood <> tahta
woodbind <> yaban
woodbine <> Frenk
woodbine <> ucuz
woodbine <> yaban
woodblock <> tahta
woodcarving <> hamma
woodchuck <> dağ
woodchuck <> dağ 
woodcock <> çullu
woodcocks <> çullu
woodcraft <> ağaç
woodcraft <> orman
woodcut <> gravü
woodcut <> tahta
woodcutter <> gravü
woodcutter <> odunc
woodcutting <> gravü
woodcutting <> odunc
wooded <> ağaçl
wooded <> orman
wooden <> ağaçl
wooden <> ahşap
wooden <> alık
wooden <> kalın
wooden <> kazık
wooden <> ruhsu
wooden <> tahta
woodenheaded <> kalın
woodenheaded <> odun
woodenness <> cansı
woodenware <> Woode
woodhouse <> Woodh
woodie <> Woodi
woodiness <> ağaçl
woodland <> ağaçl
woodland <> orman
woodlands <> ağaçl
woodlark <> tarla
woodman <> keres
woodman <> koruc
woodman <> odunc
woodman <> orman
woodmen <> orman
woodnote <> Woodn
woodpecker <> ağaçk
woodpeckers <> ağaçk
woodpigeon <> Woodp
woodpile <> odun
woodprint <> gravü
woodrose <> Woodr
woods <> orman
woodshed <> kömür
woodshed <> odunl
woodsman <> keres
woodsman <> koruc
woodsman <> odunc
woodsman <> orman
woodsy <> oduns
woodwind <> tahta
woodwork <> doğra
woodwork <> maran
woodworkers <> ağaç
woodworking <> Ağaç
woodworking <> doğra
woodworks <> ağaç
woodworm <> ağaçk
woodworm <> tahta
woody <> ağaçl
woody <> ağaçs
woody <> oduns
woody <> orman
wooer <> aşık
wooer <> kur 
woof <> argaç
woof <> atkı
woof <> dokum
woof <> havla
woof <> kumaş
woof <> uluma
woofer <> alçak
woofer <> woofe
woofers <> woofe
woohoo <> Wooho
wooing <> flört
wooing <> kur
wooing <> kur 
wool <> bulaş
wool <> kıvır
wool <> yün
wool <> yün 
wool <> yapağ
woolen <> yün
woolen <> yünlü
woolens <> yünlü
wooler <> Woole
woolgrower <> yün 
woolies <> yün 
woolies <> yünlü
wooliness <> kıvır
wooliness <> karış
wooliness <> yün 
wooliness <> yünlü
woollen <> yün
woollen <> yünlü
woollens <> yün 
woollens <> yünlü
woollies <> yün 
woollies <> yünlü
woolliness <> kıvır
woolliness <> karış
woolliness <> yün 
woolliness <> yünlü
woolly <> kıvır
woolly <> karış
woolly <> tüylü
woolly <> yün 
woolly <> yünlü
woolpack <> bulut
woolpack <> yün 
wools <> yünle
woolsack <> lordl
woolsey <> Wools
wooly <> kıvır
wooly <> karış
wooly <> yün 
wooly <> yünlü
wooly <> yapağ
wooly <> yumuş
woops <> Woops
woozy <> kafas
woozy <> sarho
woozy <> serse
word <> bilgi
word <> emir
word <> haber
word <> ifade
word <> iki 
word <> kelim
word <> lâkır
word <> lügat
word <> laf
word <> parol
word <> söyle
word <> söz
word <> sözcü
word <> tabir
word <> vâât
wordbook <> libre
wordbook <> sözlü
worded <> ifade
wordiness <> çok 
wordiness <> sözü
wordiness <> sözcü
wording <> üslup
wording <> ifade
wordings <> ifade
wordle <> Wordl
wordless <> kelim
wordless <> sözcü
wordless <> sessi
wordlessly <> hiçbi
wordplay <> cinas
wordplay <> kelim
wordprocessor <> işlem
words <> ağız
words <> güfte
words <> laf
words <> sözle
wordsmith <> söz 
wordy <> çok 
wordy <> kelim
wordy <> sözü
wordy <> söz
wore <> giydi
work <> çabal
work <> çalış
work <> başar
work <> emek
work <> eser
work <> etkil
work <> görev
work <> iş
work <> iş 
work <> işe 
work <> işlem
work <> işlet
work <> işyer
work <> kopar
work <> mayal
work <> meşgu
work <> oynam
work <> oynat
work <> sızdı
work <> seğir
work <> yapıt
workability <> işlen
workable <> çalış
workable <> biçim
workable <> işlen
workable <> işlet
workable <> uygul
workaday <> alelâ
workaday <> günde
workaday <> günlü
workaday <> sırad
workaholic <> işkol
workaholism <> işkol
workaround <> geçic
workarounds <> geçic
workbench <> tezgâ
workbenches <> tezga
workbook <> çalış
workbook <> alışt
workbook <> kitab
workbooks <> çalış
workbox <> alet
workbox <> dikiş
workday <> çalış
workday <> iş
workday <> iş 
workdays <> işgün
worked <> çalış
worked <> işlen
worker <> amele
worker <> emekç
worker <> işçi
worker <> yarat
workers <> emekç
workers <> işçi
workers <> işçil
workest <> değiş
workfellow <> iş 
workflow <> iş 
workflows <> iş 
workforce <> işgüc
workforces <> işgüc
workgroup <> çalış
workgroups <> çalış
workhorse <> beygi
workhorse <> eşek
workhouse <> ıslah
workhouse <> düşkü
workhouse <> darül
working <> çaba
working <> çalış
working <> üretm
working <> halle
working <> iş
working <> işlem
working <> işlet
working <> işley
working <> kazı
working <> mayal
working <> temel
working <> yeter
workingman <> emekç
workingman <> işçi
workingmen <> Emekç
workings <> çalış
workings <> görev
workings <> iş
workings <> işlet
workings <> kazı
workless <> işsiz
worklife <> çalış
workload <> adam
workload <> iş
workload <> iş 
workloads <> iş
workman <> amele
workman <> işçi
workman <> usta
workman <> zanaa
workmanlike <> işçi
workmanlike <> işçiy
workmanlike <> usta
workmanly <> işçi
workmanly <> işçiy
workmanly <> usta
workmanship <> işçil
workmanship <> usta
workmanship <> ustal
workmanship <> zanaa
workmaster <> WorkM
workmen <> işçi
workout <> çalış
workout <> antre
workout <> denem
workout <> idman
workout <> yeten
workouts <> egzer
workpeople <> çalış
workpeople <> emekç
workpeople <> işçil
workpiece <> iş 
workpieces <> İş pa
workplace <> atöly
workplace <> dükkâ
workplace <> işyer
workplaces <> işyer
workroom <> işlik
workrooms <> Çalış
works <> çalış
works <> atöly
works <> eserl
works <> fabri
works <> iş
works <> işler
works <> imala
works <> istih
works <> tesis
works <> yapı
works <> yapıt
worksheet <> Çalış
worksheets <> çalış
workship <> işçil
workshop <> çalış
workshop <> atöly
workshop <> dükkâ
workshop <> fabri
workshop <> işyer
workshop <> imala
workshops <> çalış
workshy <> tembe
workspace <> çalış
workspaces <> çalış
workstation <> iş 
workstations <> iş 
worktable <> çalış
worktables <> işyer
worktop <> Tezga
worktops <> tezga
workwear <> iş 
workwear <> tulum
workwoman <> işçi
workwoman <> kadın
world <> alem
world <> dünya
world <> diyar
world <> yeryü
worldliness <> dünye
worldliness <> madde
worldly <> dünya
worldly <> dünye
worldly <> maddi
worldly <> pişki
worlds <> dünya
worldscale <> World
worldview <> dünya
worldviews <> dünya
worldwide <> Dünya
worldwide <> dünya
worldwide <> evren
worm <> bağır
worm <> içini
worm <> köpeğ
worm <> kurtç
worm <> kurt
worm <> kurtl
worm <> pısır
worm <> soluc
worm <> sonsu
wormer <> Worme
wormholes <> soluc
wormian <> Worm
worms <> kurt
wormwood <> acı 
wormwood <> pelin
wormy <> aşağı
wormy <> adi
wormy <> kurt
wormy <> kurtl
worn <> çok 
worn <> bayat
worn <> bitap
worn <> bitki
worn <> eskim
worn <> köhne
worn <> yıpra
worn <> yorgu
worrel <> Worre
worried <> üzünt
worried <> üzgün
worried <> düşün
worried <> endiş
worried <> kaygı
worried <> merak
worriedly <> kaygı
worries <> endiş
worrisome <> üzücü
worrisome <> can 
worrisome <> endiş
worrisome <> huzur
worrisome <> kaygı
worrisome <> merak
worrisome <> rahat
worry <> üzülm
worry <> üzünt
worry <> üzmek
worry <> ısırı
worry <> acı
worry <> dert
worry <> endiş
worry <> hırpa
worry <> karın
worry <> kaygı
worry <> merak
worry <> rahat
worry <> silke
worry <> sinir
worry <> taciz
worry <> tedir
worry <> zorla
worrying <> üzücü
worrying <> can 
worrying <> endiş
worrying <> rahat
worryingly <> endiş
worse <> beter
worse <> daha
worse <> kötü
worsen <> beter
worsen <> daha
worsen <> geril
worsen <> kötül
worsened <> kötül
worsening <> kötül
worsens <> kötül
worser <> kötü
worship <> aşırı
worship <> ibade
worship <> ilahl
worship <> tapın
worship <> tapar
worship <> tapma
worshiped <> tapıy
worshiper <> ibade
worshiper <> inana
worshiper <> mümin
worshiper <> tapan
worshipers <> kulla
worshipful <> muhte
worshipful <> saygı
worshipful <> tapıl
worshiping <> tapın
worshipped <> tapıy
worshipper <> ibade
worshipper <> inana
worshipper <> mümin
worshipper <> tapan
worshippers <> kulla
worshipping <> tapın
worships <> tapan
worst <> alt 
worst <> en
worst <> en 
worst <> yenme
worsted <> taran
worsted <> yün
worsted <> yün 
wort <> arpa
wort <> bitki
worth <> bedel
worth <> değer
worth <> değme
worth <> layık
worthies <> öneml
worthies <> kodam
worthily <> uygun
worthily <> yakış
worthily <> yaraş
worthiness <> değer
worthiness <> lâyık
worthing <> Worth
worthless <> önems
worthless <> beş 
worthless <> değer
worthless <> karak
worthlessness <> değer
worths <> Değer
worthwhile <> değer
worthwhile <> uğraş
worthwhile <> zahme
worthwhile <> zaman
worthy <> öneml
worthy <> değer
worthy <> dikka
worthy <> kodam
worthy <> layık
worthy <> saygı
worthy <> yakış
would <> -cakt
would <> -cekt
would <> -erdi
would <> -ermi
would <> olur
wound <> bere
wound <> incit
wound <> kâlbi
wound <> yara
wound <> yaral
wounded <> incin
wounded <> kırıl
wounded <> yaral
wounding <> yaral
wounds <> yaral
wove <> rengi
woven <> örülm
woven <> dokum
woven <> dokun
wovens <> probl
wow <> şaşır
wow <> büyük
wow <> hayra
wow <> hayre
wow <> müthi
wow <> parma
wow <> radyo
wow <> vay
wow <> vay 
wowed <> büyül
wowser <> içkiy
wowser <> oyunb
wowser <> tutuc
wrack <> enkaz
wrack <> gemi
wrack <> harab
wrack <> kıyıy
wrack <> uçuşa
wrack <> yıkın
wracked <> harap
wracking <> bozuc
wraith <> hayal
wraith <> sıska
wraiths <> Wrait
wrangle <> birbi
wrangle <> dalaş
wrangle <> kavga
wrangle <> tartı
wrangler <> kavga
wrangler <> matem
wrangler <> sığır
wrangler <> tartı
wranglers <> Wrang
wrangling <> çekiş
wrap <> örtü
wrap <> örtme
wrap <> şal
wrap <> atkı
wrap <> bürüm
wrap <> bürün
wrap <> batta
wrap <> dolam
wrap <> paket
wrap <> palto
wrap <> sarıl
wrap <> sarın
wrap <> sargı
wrap <> sarma
wraparound <> önü 
wraparound <> kapla
wraparound <> kuşat
wraparound <> saran
wrapped <> örtül
wrapped <> bürün
wrapped <> dalmı
wrapped <> kendi
wrapped <> sarıl
wrapper <> örtü
wrapper <> şal
wrapper <> atkı
wrapper <> eşarp
wrapper <> kaplı
wrapper <> kitap
wrapper <> paket
wrapper <> puron
wrapper <> sabah
wrapper <> saran
wrapper <> wrapp
wrappers <> sarma
wrapping <> ambal
wrapping <> paket
wrapping <> sargı
wrapping <> sarma
wrappings <> ambal
wrappings <> paket
wrappings <> sargı
wraps <> sarar
wrapt <> bürün
wrapt <> dalmı
wrapt <> kendi
wrasse <> akya
wrath <> öfke
wrath <> gazap
wrath <> hidde
wrathful <> öfkel
wrathful <> hidde
wrathful <> küple
wrathy <> öfkel
wrathy <> hidde
wrathy <> küple
wray <> Wray
wreak <> çıkar
wreak <> almak
wreath <> çelen
wreath <> halka
wreathe <> çörek
wreathe <> çelen
wreathe <> çevre
wreathe <> döne
wreathe <> kapla
wreathed <> çelen
wreathes <> çelen
wreaths <> çelen
wreck <> balta
wreck <> bozma
wreck <> enkaz
wreck <> gemi
wreck <> haşat
wreck <> harab
wreck <> harap
wreck <> hasar
wreck <> karay
wreck <> kaza
wreck <> mahve
wreck <> mahvo
wreck <> rezil
wreck <> suya
wreck <> yıkıl
wreck <> yıkın
wreckage <> enkaz
wreckage <> gemi
wreckage <> hasar
wreckage <> yıkın
wreckage <> zarar
wreckages <> enkaz
wrecked <> bozul
wrecked <> harap
wrecked <> karay
wrecked <> kaza
wrecked <> mahvo
wrecker <> çekic
wrecker <> balta
wrecker <> enkaz
wrecker <> gemi
wrecker <> hurda
wrecker <> sabot
wrecker <> tamir
wreckers <> Wreck
wrecking <> kurta
wrecking <> tamir
wrecking <> yıkım
wrecking <> yardı
wrecks <> harab
wrecks <> viran
wrecks <> yıkın
wren <> çalık
wren <> krali
wrench <> çarpı
wrench <> İngil
wrench <> asılm
wrench <> ayrıl
wrench <> bükül
wrench <> bükme
wrench <> burkm
wrench <> burku
wrench <> ters
wrench <> yanlı
wrench <> zorla
wrenched <> kopar
wrenches <> anaht
wrens <> Wrens
wrest <> çarpı
wrest <> akort
wrest <> bükme
wrest <> gasp
wrest <> gaspe
wrest <> zorla
wrested <> zorla
wresting <> güreş
wrestle <> boğuş
wrestle <> güreş
wrestle <> mücâd
wrestle <> uğraş
wrestled <> güreş
wrestler <> güreş
wrestler <> pehli
wrestlers <> güreş
wrestles <> güreş
wrestling <> güreş
wrestling <> mücâd
wrestlings <> güreş
wretch <> adamc
wretch <> alçak
wretch <> aynas
wretch <> sefil
wretch <> zaval
wretched <> acına
wretched <> berba
wretched <> biçar
wretched <> bitki
wretched <> periş
wretched <> sefil
wretched <> zaval
wretchedly <> sefil
wretchedness <> periş
wretchedness <> sefal
wretchedness <> sefil
wretchedness <> zaval
wretches <> zaval
wrick <> bükül
wrick <> burkm
wrick <> burku
wriggle <> çaktı
wriggle <> çalka
wriggle <> kımıl
wriggle <> kıpır
wriggle <> kıvrı
wriggle <> kıvra
wriggle <> oynat
wriggle <> sıyrı
wriggle <> salla
wriggle <> yalpa
wriggler <> herşe
wriggler <> kıvra
wriggler <> kurtç
wriggler <> sinek
wriggling <> kıvra
wrights <> Wrigh
wring <> çarpı
wring <> acıtm
wring <> bükme
wring <> burma
wring <> döndü
wring <> kopar
wring <> kuvve
wring <> ovuşt
wring <> sıkma
wring <> sızla
wring <> saptı
wring <> zorla
wringer <> merda
wringing <> çok 
wringing <> sırıl
wrinkle <> çatma
wrinkle <> buruş
wrinkle <> ipucu
wrinkle <> kırış
wrinkle <> kurna
wrinkle <> marif
wrinkle <> tekni
wrinkle <> ustac
wrinkled <> buruş
wrinkled <> kırış
wrinkles <> kırış
wrinkling <> kırış
wrinkly <> çatık
wrinkly <> buruş
wrinkly <> kırış
wrist <> bilek
wrist <> krank
wrist <> pisto
wristband <> bilek
wristband <> kol 
wristband <> manşe
wristband <> yen
wristbands <> bilek
wristlet <> bilek
wristlet <> bilez
wristlet <> kelep
wrists <> bilek
wristwatch <> kol 
wristwatches <> kol
writ <> bildi
writ <> ferma
writ <> mahke
writ <> yazıl
writability <> yazıl
writable <> yazıl
write <> beste
write <> kâğıd
write <> kalem
write <> mektu
write <> yazı
write <> yazar
write <> yazma
writeable <> yazıl
writer <> yazan
writer <> yazar
writerly <> yazar
writers <> yazar
writership <> yazar
writes <> yazıy
writest <> yazar
writhe <> acıda
writhe <> debel
writhe <> kıvra
writhed <> çırpı
writhing <> burul
writing <> el 
writing <> kitab
writing <> kitap
writing <> makal
writing <> yazı
writing <> yazar
writings <> yazıl
written <> yazıl
wrong <> bozuk
wrong <> eziye
wrong <> günah
wrong <> haksı
wrong <> hata
wrong <> hatal
wrong <> suç
wrong <> ters
wrong <> uygun
wrong <> yanlı
wrongdoer <> günah
wrongdoer <> haksı
wrongdoers <> günah
wrongdoing <> günah
wrongdoing <> haksı
wrongdoing <> kabah
wronged <> haksı
wrongful <> haksı
wrongful <> insaf
wrongful <> kötü
wrongful <> yasad
wrongfully <> yanlı
wrongfulness <> haksı
wrongfulness <> hata
wrongfulness <> hatal
wrongfulness <> yanlı
wrongheaded <> aksi
wrongheaded <> huysu
wrongheaded <> inatç
wrongheaded <> yanlı
wrongly <> haksı
wrongly <> hatal
wrongly <> ters
wrongly <> yanlı
wrongs <> yanlı
wrote <> yazdı
wroth <> öfkel
wroth <> dargı
wroth <> kırgı
wroth <> kızgı
wrought <> dövme
wrought <> işlen
wry <> çarpı
wry <> alayc
wry <> eğri
wry <> espri
wry <> iğnel
wry <> küçüm
wry <> yanlı
wryneck <> döner
wryness <> çarpı
wryness <> eğril
wurst <> Wurst
wurtzite <> Vürtz
wurzel <> Wurze
wus <> WUS
wuthering <> Uğult
wyle <> Wyle
wyn <> Wyn
wynn <> Wynn
wyte <> Wyte
wyvern <> ejder
xanthan <> ksant
xanthate <> Ksant
xanthelasma <> ksant
xanthelasmas <> ksant
xanthene <> ksant
xanthine <> ksant
xanthines <> Ksant
xanthochroid <> sarış
xanthoconite <> Ksant
xanthogranuloma <> ksant
xanthoma <> Ksant
xanthomas <> ksant
xanthomonas <> Xanth
xanthophyll <> karto
xanthophyllite <> Ksant
xanthophylls <> ksant
xanthopsia <> ksant
xanthosiderite <> Ksant
xanthous <> sarı
xanthoxenite <> Ksant
xebec <> Xebec
xenia <> Xenia
xenium <> Xeniu
xenobiotic <> kseno
xenobiotics <> kseno
xenocryst <> Kseno
xenogamy <> çapra
xenolith <> Kseno
xenoliths <> kseno
xenomorphic <> kseno
xenon <> kseno
xenophobe <> yaban
xenophobes <> yaban
xenophobia <> ksene
xenophobia <> yaban
xenophobic <> yaban
xenopus <> Xenop
xenothermal <> Kseno
xenotime <> Kseno
xerasia <> saç 
xeroderma <> ksero
xerographic <> fotok
xerography <> elekt
xerophyte <> çöl 
xerosis <> ksero
xerostomia <> ağız
xerotica <> ksero
xerox <> fotok
xerox <> kuru
xiphoid <> kılıç
xis <> XIS
xored <> XOR'l
xylan <> ksila
xylanase <> ksila
xylanases <> Ksila
xylem <> odun
xylene <> ksile
xylenes <> ksile
xylinite <> Ksili
xylograph <> tahta
xyloid <> Ksilo
xylol <> Xylol
xylonite <> selül
xylophone <> ksilo
xylophones <> Xylop
xylose <> ksilo
xylose <> odun
xystus <> kapal
yabby <> Yabby
yacht <> yat
yacht <> yat 
yachter <> yatçı
yachter <> yat 
yachters <> yatçı
yachting <> yatçı
yachts <> yat
yachtsman <> yatçı
yachtsman <> yat 
yachtsmanship <> yatçı
yachtsmen <> yatçı
yack <> önems
yadda <> yâda
yaffle <> yeşil
yager <> Yager
yah <> ah
yah <> ya
yahoo <> cahil
yahoo <> hanta
yahoo <> hayva
yahoo <> insan
yahoo <> kaba
yahoo <> yahoo
yahoos <> Yahoo
yak <> çenes
yak <> Tibet
yak <> saçma
yak <> yak
yakin <> Yakin
yakitori <> Yakit
yam <> Hint
yam <> tatlı
yamen <> konağ
yamma <> Yamma
yammer <> ağlam
yammer <> inlem
yams <> patat
yank <> birde
yank <> tatlı
yankers <> Yanke
yanking <> Kopya
yanks <> kopya
yantra <> Yantr
yap <> acı 
yap <> gevez
yap <> havla
yap <> saçma
yapp <> meşin
yarborough <> Yarbo
yard <> şanti
yard <> açıkl
yard <> ağıl
yard <> avlu
yard <> depo
yard <> manev
yard <> seren
yard <> tersa
yard <> yarda
yardage <> yarda
yardbird <> Yardb
yardbirds <> Yardb
yards <> yarda
yardstick <> ayar
yardstick <> yarda
yark <> Yark
yarn <> hikây
yarn <> iplik
yarn <> masal
yarns <> iplik
yarrow <> civan
yasmak <> Yasma
yatagan <> YATAĞ
yates <> Yates
yatra <> Yatra
yattering <> Yatte
yaw <> rotad
yaw <> tered
yaw <> yalpa
yawl <> filik
yawl <> yole
yawn <> açılm
yawn <> esnem
yawn <> esney
yawn <> geniş
yawn <> yarıl
yawned <> esned
yawning <> büyüy
yawning <> esnem
yawning <> esney
yawning <> geniş
yaws <> ekvat
ybe <> Ybe
yclept <> adınd
yclept <> adlı
yclept <> denil
ydo <> YDO
ye <> sen
ye <> siz
yea <> ayrıc
yea <> bir 
yea <> evet
yea <> gerçe
yea <> oluml
yeah <> evet
yeah <> tamam
yeahs <> Yeahs
yean <> kuzul
yean <> yavru
yeanling <> kuzu
yeanling <> oğlak
year <> sene
year <> yıl
year <> yaş
yeara <> yılki
yearbook <> yıllı
yearbooks <> yıllı
yeard <> yaş 
yearend <> yıl 
yearling <> bir
yearling <> bir 
yearlong <> bir
yearlong <> bir 
yearly <> senel
yearly <> yılda
yearly <> yıllı
yearn <> özlem
yearn <> burnu
yearn <> gözün
yearn <> hasre
yearned <> istem
yearning <> özlem
yearning <> arzu
yearning <> arzul
yearning <> hasre
yearnings <> özlem
yearns <> Can
years <> yıl
yeas <> evetl
yeast <> coşku
yeast <> heyec
yeast <> köpük
yeast <> köpür
yeast <> maya
yeasting <> mayal
yeasts <> maya
yeasty <> önems
yeasty <> anlam
yeasty <> boş
yeasty <> köpük
yeasty <> maya
yeasty <> mayal
yeed <> Yeed
yegg <> hırsı
yegg <> kasa
yeggman <> hırsı
yeggman <> kasa
yell <> çığlı
yell <> bağır
yell <> haykı
yell <> sesle
yelled <> diye
yeller <> Yelle
yelling <> sesle
yellow <> kıska
yellow <> korka
yellow <> sansa
yellow <> sarı
yellow <> sarıl
yellow <> sarar
yellowcake <> Yello
yellowed <> sarar
yellowhammer <> Sarı
yellowhead <> Sarı
yellowing <> sarar
yellowish <> sarım
yellowness <> sarıl
yellows <> sarıl
yellowtail <> sarık
yellowy <> sarım
yells <> bağır
yelp <> acıyl
yelp <> havla
yelp <> viyak
yeman <> Yeman
yemen <> Yemen
yen <> özlem
yen <> arzu
yen <> yen
yeoman <> çiftç
yeoman <> gönül
yeoman <> küçük
yeoman <> levaz
yeoman <> saray
yeomanry <> çiftç
yeomanry <> gönül
yep <> evet
yersinia <> Yersi
yes <> evet
yes <> oluml
yes <> olur
yeshiva <> yeşiv
yessir <> Yessi
yester <> dünkü
yesterday <> dün
yesterdays <> geçmi
yesternight <> , Dün
yet <> şimdi
yet <> ama
yet <> ancak
yet <> buna
yet <> daha
yet <> hâlâ
yet <> hatta
yet <> henüz
yet <> oysa
yet <> sonun
yet <> yine
yetis <> Yetiş
yew <> porsu
yezidi <> Yezid
yezidis <> Yezid
yid <> Yahud
yield <> ürün
yield <> Yol 
yield <> açığa
yield <> eğilm
yield <> esnem
yield <> gelir
yield <> getir
yield <> karşı
yield <> kazan
yield <> sünme
yield <> sağla
yield <> uyum
yield <> verim
yield <> verme
yield <> yerin
yield <> yol 
yielded <> verdi
yielding <> kazan
yielding <> uysal
yielding <> verim
yielding <> yumuş
yields <> verim
yike <> Yike
yikes <> Yikes
yip <> acıyl
yip <> viyak
yip <> yaşas
yippee <> yaşas
yippy <> Yippy
yob <> avare
yob <> hödük
yob <> serse
yodel <> peste
yodel <> tril
yodel <> trill
yoga <> yoga
yogas <> yoga
yoghurt <> yoğur
yoghurts <> yoğur
yogi <> yoga
yogi <> yogi
yogic <> yoga
yogis <> yogil
yogurt <> yoğur
yogurts <> yoğur
yohimbe <> Yohim
yohimbine <> yohim
yoke <> çift
yoke <> bağ
yoke <> bağla
yoke <> boyun
yoke <> evlen
yoke <> evlil
yoke <> koşma
yoke <> satıc
yokefellow <> hayat
yokefellow <> iş 
yokel <> hödük
yokel <> köylü
yokemate <> hayat
yokemate <> iş
yokemate <> iş 
yokemate <> mesle
yokes <> Kleme
yokozuna <> Yokoz
yolk <> embri
yolk <> yapağ
yolk <> yumur
yolks <> sarıs
yom <> Yom
yon <> ötede
yon <> şurad
yon <> orada
yond <> maruz
yonder <> ötede
yonder <> şurad
yonder <> orada
yonkers <> Yonke
yore <> eski
yorkers <> Yorkl
yorkie <> teriy
yorkies <> teriy
yorks <> Yorks
yos <> yo
you <> Eğer
you <> sana
you <> sen
you <> seni
you <> siz
you <> size
you <> sizi
youk <> Youk
young <> acemi
young <> genç
young <> küçük
young <> yavru
young <> yeni
younger <> küçük
youngest <> genç
youngish <> genç
youngish <> gençt
youngish <> olduk
youngs <> Gençl
youngster <> çocuk
youngster <> delik
youngster <> yavru
youngsters <> gençl
your <> senin
your <> sizin
yours <> senin
yours <> sizin
yours <> sizle
yourself <> kendi
yourselves <> kendi
youth <> bahar
youth <> delik
youth <> dinçl
youth <> genç
youth <> gençl
youth <> tazel
youthful <> dinç
youthful <> diri
youthful <> genç
youthful <> gençl
youthfully <> genç
youthfulness <> delik
youthfulness <> gençl
youths <> delik
youths <> gençl
yowl <> ürüme
yowl <> miyav
yowl <> uluma
ytterbic <> iterb
ytterbium <> iterb
yttrium <> itriy
yuan <> yuan
yuans <> Yuan
yuca <> Yuca
yucca <> yuka
yuck <> öğk
yuck <> iğren
yug <> Yug
yukata <> Yukat
yuke <> Yuke
yuko <> Yuko
yukos <> Yukos
yuks <> Yuks
yulan <> Yulan
yule <> Noel
yuletide <> Noel
yummy <> harik
yummy <> lezze
yummy <> nefis
yummy <> tadı
yup <> evet
yuppie <> genç
yuppie <> yuppi
yuppy <> Yuppy
yus <> Yus
yvel <> Yvel
zabaglione <> Zabag
zag <> dönem
zaim <> Zaim
zain <> Zain
zakat <> Zekat
zaman <> Zaman
zambo <> Zambo
zander <> sudak
zanella <> Zanel
zany <> budal
zany <> maska
zany <> palya
zany <> soyta
zap <> öldür
zap <> geber
zap <> hücum
zap <> kanal
zap <> vurma
zari <> Zari
zarzuela <> Zarzu
zas <> ZAS
zati <> Zati
zax <> Zax
zayat <> Zayat
zeal <> azim
zeal <> gayre
zeal <> heves
zeal <> istek
zealot <> bağna
zealot <> fanat
zealot <> mutaa
zealotry <> bağna
zealotry <> tutuc
zealots <> fanat
zealous <> ateşl
zealous <> aziml
zealous <> bağna
zealous <> gayre
zealous <> heves
zealous <> heyec
zealously <> şevkl
zebra <> zebra
zebras <> zebra
zebrine <> zebra
zebu <> Hint
zecchini <> Zecch
zed <> Z 
zed <> zed
zee <> Z
zee <> Z 
zeitgeist <> genel
zelkova <> Zelko
zemindar <> mülk
zenana <> harem
zenith <> başuc
zenith <> doruk
zenith <> zirve
zenithal <> başuc
zeolite <> zeoli
zeolites <> zeoli
zeolitic <> Zeoli
zeolitization <> zeoli
zep <> Zep
zephyr <> çok 
zephyr <> batı
zephyr <> esint
zephyr <> ince
zephyrs <> Zephy
zephyrus <> Zephy
zeppelin <> zepli
zeppelins <> zepli
zeps <> ZEPS
zerk <> Zerk
zero <> hiç
zero <> hiçli
zero <> sıfır
zeroes <> sıfır
zeroing <> sıfır
zeroize <> sıfır
zeros <> sıfır
zeroth <> sıfır
zest <> çeşni
zest <> lezze
zest <> tat
zest <> tat 
zest <> zevk
zestful <> leziz
zestful <> lezze
zestful <> zevkl
zetas <> Zetaş
zeugma <> fiili
zeus <> Jüpit
zeus <> Zeus
zex <> ZEX
zeze <> Zeze
zibet <> misk
zibeth <> misk
zidovudine <> zidov
zif <> ZIF
ziff <> Ziff
ziggurat <> Ziggu
zigzag <> zikza
zigzagging <> zigza
zigzags <> zikza
zila <> Zilan
zilch <> bir
zilch <> bir 
zilch <> hiç
zill <> Zill
zilla <> Zilla
zillah <> Zilla
zillions <> katri
zimmers <> Zimme
zinc <> çinko
zinc <> galva
zincaluminite <> Çinko
zinco <> Zinco
zincography <> çinko
zincous <> çinko
zines <> dergi
zinfandel <> Zinfa
zing <> güç
zing <> kuvve
zing <> vın 
zing <> vınla
zing <> vızıl
zingaro <> Çinge
zinger <> Zinge
zingiber <> Zingi
zink <> çinko
zinnia <> zinya
zip <> çaba
zip <> fermu
zip <> gayre
zip <> süsle
zip <> vınla
zip <> vızıl
zip <> zip
ziplock <> Kilit
zipped <> sıkış
zipper <> fermu
zippered <> fermu
zippers <> fermu
zipping <> sıkış
zippy <> canlı
zippy <> enerj
zippy <> hızlı
zippy <> harek
zips <> fermu
zircon <> zirko
zirconate <> Zirko
zirconia <> zirko
zirconium <> zirko
zircons <> zirko
zither <> kanun
zitty <> Zitty
zizyphus <> Zizyp
zizz <> kesti
zizz <> uyukl
zizzle <> Zizzl
zlote <> Zlote
zloty <> zloti
zlotych <> Zloti
zoa <> Zoa
zobu <> Zobu
zocalo <> Zocal
zodiac <> burçl
zodiac <> zodya
zodiacal <> burçl
zodiacal <> zodya
zodiacs <> Zodia
zoetic <> Zoeti
zoetrope <> Zoetr
zoic <> hayva
zoic <> taşıl
zoisite <> zoisi
zollverein <> Zollv
zomba <> Zomba
zombi <> zombi
zombie <> yılan
zombie <> yaşay
zombie <> zombi
zombies <> zombi
zonal <> bölge
zonaria <> Zonar
zonation <> bölge
zonda <> Zonda
zone <> çevir
zone <> bölge
zone <> kuşak
zone <> kuşat
zone <> mıntı
zoned <> zonlu
zoner <> Zoner
zones <> bölge
zoning <> imar
zonked <> bitki
zonked <> canı
zonked <> fitil
zonked <> sarho
zonked <> uçmuş
zonular <> Zonül
zoo <> hayva
zooblast <> hayva
zoochemistry <> hayva
zoogeographic <> zooco
zoogeographical <> zooco
zoogeography <> hayva
zoography <> zoogr
zookeeper <> Zooke
zoologic <> zoolo
zoological <> hayva
zoological <> zoolo
zoologist <> zoolo
zoologists <> zoolo
zoology <> hayva
zoology <> zoolo
zoom <> birde
zoom <> fırla
zoom <> rüzgâ
zoom <> vın 
zoom <> vınla
zoom <> yoğun
zoom <> zoom
zoomed <> yakın
zoomer <> Zoome
zooming <> optik
zooming <> yakın
zooming <> zoom
zoomorphic <> hayva
zooms <> yakın
zoon <> zooml
zoonoses <> zoono
zoonosis <> zoono
zoonotic <> zoono
zoophilic <> zoofi
zoophyte <> bitki
zooplanktonic <> zoopl
zoos <> hayva
zootechnical <> zoote
zootechnics <> zoote
zootechny <> Zoote
zootomy <> hayva
zootomy <> zooto
zos <> Zos
zoster <> zona
zoster <> zoste
zostera <> Zoste
zounds <> aman
zounds <> olur
zowie <> Zowie
zucchini <> dolma
zucchini <> kabak
zucchini <> yeşil
zucchinis <> kabak
zupa <> Zupa
zupan <> Zupan
zuz <> Zuz
zwanziger <> Zwanz
zwitterion <> ikiz
zygoma <> elmac
zygomatic <> elmac
zygote <> zigot
zygotene <> zigot
zygotes <> zigot
zygotic <> Zygot
zymogen <> zimoj
zymogens <> zimog
zymosis <> ferma
zymosis <> mayal
zymotic <> bulaş
zymotic <> mayal
zymurgy <> mayal